
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Okay, I got some good news And I've got some great news. The good news is that Amazon Prime Day is almost here. The great news this year, prime Day will last four days from July 8th to the 11th. We're talking about four days of unbelievable deals in every category you can think of. So this is your chance to save big on well whatever you're into. Tools, appliances, clothes, toys, everything. The countdown is on Shop Prime Day July 8th to the 11th.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlemagne is out today. And guess what Day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. It's Wednesday is Hump Day. It's middle of the week. How y'all feeling? How you feeling, Jess? I Feel good. Yo, it is nasty outside, bro. It's Disgusting. Like the last seven days has been raining. Yes. I'm like, damn, Yo. Yeah. My kids have been highly upset for like the last seven days in the tri-state area, which is New York, Connecticut, and Jersey. Parts of Delaware. It's been na, nothing but nasty Rain. Yeah. So we can't even enjoy the outside.


We can't even enjoy, I think this Friday is summer. We can't even enjoy any of that, so. Oh Yeah. This Friday is summer. It's the start of summer. That's right. Damn bro. So it's been pretty nasty out, but all good. Miss Morning. Hey Lauren. What's up Lauren? Hey, you got Your quarter tire on today? Yes. Alright. I know that's right. I thought you wasn't going to court today. I am. Am gonna go late though. Oh, okay. Okay. Alright, Cool. Ms. Jones will be joining us this morning. Yes. Ms. Jones, if you don't know who Ms. Jones is. AKA Jonesy. She is an artist. She sang on a Z's record. I wanna be Suge. Hell remember that record. I didn't know that was her. Yeah, that's Jonesy singing on that record. Okay. Wow. She has her own joint and she's a razor personality. Of course she does morning radio.


She's on Pix 11 and she actually got my, got me my start on morning radio. Taught me how to do morning radio probably about 18, 19, 20 years ago. Dope. She, I guess she seen something with me at the time and seen something in me, I should say at the time and said, decided like, let me give this kid a chance. And yeah, it grew to what it was. So we're gonna be kicking in with Jonesy in a little bit and let's get the show cracking. Why you looking like that? I'm just getting my life together. I ran in here trying to not be too late. You know, if you leave like five minutes earlier, you ain't gotta run in. This Morning was the morning 'cause I couldn't figure out my shirt because I was trying to do something in between court and like regular. Right, right. You seem like the type of person that picks your clothes out the night before lays it on the bed. So when you get up you can just get right in. That seems like You, but I don't try it on.


So then when I tried it on this morning, I'm like, ugh, I'm not really feeling this for court. It would be good for the show, but I'm not feeling it for court. So then have to change the full fit. Gotcha, Gotcha. All. Well let's get the show cracking. We got Morgan. She'll be giving us front page news, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news, some quick sports. Now game six of the NBA finals is tomorrow at 8:30 PM Eastern Time. Now the Stanley Cup is going on right now. Y'all know anything about the Stanley Cup Golf? No. My goodness. Do you the, you talking about the the cup, the actual Stanley Cup. Oh no. Stanley Cup. Cup is so much it Stanley. It's hockey. Oh, I thought it was the, it was the Panthers and the Oilers last night.


The Panthers won five to one. No, no, no. Yeah. All right. Figure you don't know about it either. I don I just read exactly. At least I know it's, it's hockey. Oh, alright. Well yeah, the Stanley Cup. Shout out to Snoop. They won the Stanley Cup last night. Yeah, yeah. So they won last night. Yeah, they're the champions. Five won. Oh, that's what's up. Congratulations to Florida is that's the new team. 'cause you know we got a hockey team. I don't think That'ss Snoop's team. All right. All right. All what? What up Morgan? Good morning everybody. How we feeling all morning girl? Hey, good. Alright, Good, good. All right, let's get into it. First on front page. According to multiple reports, the White House is considering an offensive strike against Iran. The report comes after President Trump said he wanted an unconstitutional surrender from Iran.


There's growing speculation whether the US will enter the conflict offensively on behalf of Israel and take out Iran's remaining underground nuclear facilities. Israel has dealt a significant blow to Iran's nuclear program, but lacks the technology to reach sites buried beneath layers of mountain. Meanwhile, shortly after Trump got back to the White House yesterday following his early exit of the G seven Summit in Canada, he spoke about the conflict aboard Air Force One. Let's take a listen. Red cannot have a nuclear weapon. It's very simple not to go too deep into it. They just can't have a nuclear weapon will come down so hard if they do anything to our people will come down so hard that the gloves are off so beautifully.


Now they, I think they, I think they know not to touch our troops. So they already been protecting Israel, right. By shooting down missiles and things that's been coming to Israel. But now they're talking about actually attacking Iran, jumping in to make sure that they, you know, hit all the other things. Okay. Yes. To make sure they, yeah, exactly. To your point, they, what they consider eliminate the threat, the nuclear threat, they Say, they call it a proactive attack to make sure that it doesn't come back and burn us or kick us in the ass later. Wrong. Yeah. And they're also saying that it's, you know, it's, it's not just about us or about Israel, but it's about, you know, the bigger picture of The World and saving The World Glo you know, saving the overall world. And that that, you know, Iran cannot have, they have, they are standing 10 toes down on that stance that Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon.


Now there have been recent reports, at least 600 people killed in Iran and at least 34 in Israel. And most recent strikes, and to your point yesterday, in the s, some of those are civilians as well. Some of those are also military. As a result of this, the US is of course warning Americans not to travel to the Middle East State Department spokesperson. Tammy Bruce announced the Middle East task force. And let's take a listen to what they're supposed to do. Not to travel to Israel or Iraq and not to travel to Iran under any circumstances. The Department of State has established the Middle East task force to help coordinate support for US citizens, our US diplomatic missions and personnel and diplomatic engagement.


So Tammy Bruce says the Israel Iran conflict is rapidly evolving. She called it a rapidly evolving situation. Bruce also said the State Department has set up that task force. She again, reiterated President Trump's stance again and again that Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. The US Embassy in Jerusalem is also closing. The State Department says the post will close on today through Friday due to the current security situation involving Israel's conflict with Iran. Now, meanwhile, president Trump's national security meeting concerning the next steps of the conflict wrapped up yesterday. And he again, as I said, is reportedly considering an offensive strike against Duran.


So at this point, it's a matter of galvanizing our troops, getting people out of the way, those people who are in the area, US citizens out of the way. And we, we'll see what takes place as a result of President Trump's, I don't know if you would call it a threat, but he definitely is calling for Iran to have a unconditional surrender of their nuclear program. So I will keep you posted as to what happens with that on the other side at the seven o'clock hour as we're running outta time now, we'll discuss what members of Congress, how they feel about this. There is a bipartisan effort to stop the President's efforts to, you know, on that offensive strike.


So we'll get into that and of course we'll have some updates on what's happening with ice on the home front. Now do we know for a fact if, if they have nukes or is this a guessing game? This, right now it does appear that they said that they were working on a nuclear weapon. So it has has, whether or not it has been confirmed, that remains to be seen. And I wonder why somebody would not want to protect that. But I guess we'll find out next hour. Okay, we'll see you in a little bit. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent phone lines a wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, what you doing man? Call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this Mo Moot. Moog. Moog. What's up? Moot Mouh. What's good? Where you calling from? And I'm calling from Hampton. Hampton, Virginia. Hampton, Georgia. Oh, Hampton, Georgia. What's up? Get it off your chest man. I just wanna talk about my 17-year-old twin boys. I'm sick. You hear me? Sicko. I can't wait till this time next year. You hear me? What? What he do? Two of Them getting on my last God nerve.


Jesus. What's next year? Always Beg every time I turn around they begging. Beg be They going beg next year too you think? 'cause they 18, they just gonna leave. They gonna beg next year too. And I know that. But guess what? I love them but I'm sick of, Well say their names Country DeMar. Man. Them my babies though. I love them. Yeah, but you love 'em. See that? And I bet you every time they beg you give it to 'em. Yep, I do. That's me. I'm the problem. I'm the problem. As Long as you know. Well you have a good one mama. Be safe out there on the roads. You Too. You too. Thank you. Alrighty, stay on. Hello? Who's this? Hey what's good? This is Schmid.


I'm doing an internship in Atlanta right now And I keep racking up speeding citations bro. Like they keep getting me. I gotta pay like $800 in tickets. Why you late to your in mask down? Damn. No I don't be late to my internship. Like I was driving down to Florida like last week And I was going like a 90 to 70. Those was three of us speeding and the police caught me In en envy. Why are you talking to him like that? You said why don't you slow your dumb ass down? Hey yo. Because I'm thinking how old is this kid? How old are you? How old? How old are you? Yo, I just turned 21 3 weeks ago. And I bet he's still under his parents' insurance. Under your parents insurance. See he's still under his parents insurance. Envy kicked them got a bunch of citations.


$800. Yeah. Insurance gonna go up and he just gonna say sorry mom. Sorry dad. No. Slow your dumb ass down. See that Yo, it is in dad mode bro. Dad mode instantly, once he hear you Get in an accident, you gonna kill somebody and you gonna raise my insurance. Whoa. Crazy. Yep, But chill like, like I'm driving the same way how I do in Florida. Like Georgia just care way too much about chess club Bro. Why don't you just leave 30 minutes earlier? 20 minutes earlier? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I ain't gonna lie. Mom, dad, I'm sorry He's Real. Lemme Find out yo en made him apologize. Oh my God. Did you hear him? God he sound so inter. Aw Yeah. Lemme ask you who paid a car note Me. You Gonna lie. It took him too long.


You know they help you with that Car note. I'm lying. It's not too much. I like, I gotta, I gotta get the car was only like 3 346. And who paid the car insurance. Okay. True, true, true. See, true, True, true. See see, I would take you off my insurance immediately. Immediately take you off for the insurance. Look, envy got six kids so he knew to this and to this heard. I Learned my lesson. Yo, you ain't learned your lesson. You was calling up here complaining, talking about the cops pulling you over. You speeding. But but look though, I'm from Florida, we draw the same way. I know that Georgia cares too much about speeding. Oh my. Oh everywhere cares about speeding. He real young baby. It's the law. It's it's crime. Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. I'm always be taking too much things seriously. Oh my goodness. Well slow your ass down for you hurt somebody to hurt yourself.


All right. Be safe out there. Appreciate it. Have a good One all man. You too. You know how much the insurance gonna go up now. I know, I know. Het Just say one ticket. He said he got a couple. Yo you kicked into dad mode straight up because That's gonna shoot. He's 21 years old. He's a male. Yeah. So boys 21 until like 25 insurance goes through the roof. But how did you know? It is like you just knew he was a young because he sound like Logan. He was 21. He Sound like Logan. Now if his parents are listening, what I would do is I put a a track on the car so you could see exactly how fast the kid is going at all times. And if it goes over a certain speed it gives you a text and you could yell at him immediately. I haven't had that problem Logan. I Had no idea that that even existed ma'am. For us. Yes ma'am. Yes.


Jesus. Yes ma'am. Okay. Every you got a young, you got a young man that's about to drive in a couple of Years. I All right. That's what happened when you got six kids. That's right. I know that's right. Get It off your chest. 800 You paid. Sorry to interrupt. What? Four? You do that four times right now? 'cause your other two not driving yet. Not only Two. Madison and Logan. Oh Yeah. Dang, I got stressed out for you. That's a lot of money. Oh yes. Is a lot of money. Speed. It shoots up your, your insurance could double. You got a savings fund just for your kids' cars and insurances. Yes. Yo, that's a lie. I know that's right. Oh, thank you. I Never in College. And they all on your policy. Yes. Oh my god. Damn. That's crazy. All Of them and none of 'em got no tickets. Knock on wood. I love it. And they all in your, on your Netflix account?


All of them and my Amazon. She Rethinking having a bunch of keys. Crazy. I just thought about it like that is so envy is birth control for you. Uber Eats too. Every time they order Uber Eats it goes on mine Man. Yes. So when they don't tip the Uber person and they curse me, me out, they Curse me out. But get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 5 1. He Just got off The Breakfast Club. It is a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello? Who's this? Oh my god. My name is Tiana. I listen to The Breakfast Club every morning. Good morning Lauren. Good morning Jess. Good morning. Good morning. I want, oh, I'm so excited. I told my daughter I was gonna call, my daughter is graduating from high school today. Oh. She got a full ride to LSU academically. Yay. She graduated from a local college down here with her. So she's a degree and she is graduating today with her high school diploma. I love it. Congratulations. I know you're a proud mommy. Yes, Yes I am. That's right. I listen to y'all every morning. Y'all start my day. Keep doing what y'all doing. Thank you.


Aw, no problem. Have A good one. Congratulations to them. Thank you. You too. Hello. Who's this? This is Jordan from Atlanta. Man, Jordan from the a. What's up? Get it off your chest Man. I don want the callers, the guy when they call up here man, call up there Emini here. Keep that to a minimum man. Man supposed to be calling up there. Wanna tell you about their whole life story. Like the lady with the water at work that happened a couple of weeks ago. Him the cupcake guy. I'm so happy for the cupcake guy. His business and everything going up and getting the recognition. But man, I'm been trying to call up there. These big Pac got shot man. I just gonna give my shout out. Say that man. The morning y'all, y'all have a blessed day and I'm Out. Good morning. We over, we ain't that we we haven't been on radio since big and podcast shot.


You wish Have been on radio since then? I haven't, no. Oh dang. I thought y'all was on radio when that happened. No, I was in school. What kind? Like what? High school? College. Oh. Oh, okay. Dang. Were trying to call up here that long though. Y'all, y'all had the same number this whole time, right? Damn. Hello? Who's this Mr. This baby boy. Baby Boy. What's up baby boy? Good Morning. Not I'm bothering and chilling man. I'm trying. I've been calling the last two days. I've been trying to politic with Jess. I love Mr. Man. I've been calling to show you some love. Jess. How you doing This morning? What's up baby? I'm good. Thank you for the love. Yeah, man. When I called about two weeks ago, I, I was so big on politicking With DJ in Charlamagne.


I forgot to show you some love. So I just had to make sure I stumbled back to do that. Oh, I appreciate doing, I'm doing good. How are you? Good morning. What's Happen man? I just wanted to call and show y'all for this morning, man. Eight. I'm trying to come to the Coca Show bro, in Virginia. I'm gonna come from Florida. Okay now I I ain't got no old school or nothing like that. My baby mama scratch so I step up but I'm still gonna bring it. You heard me Bring it on up or just bring the family? You could just bring the family and enjoy. It's July 19th in Hampton, Virginia. Come on out kids five and under of free. So you could just come and chill, have some drinks with me and we just chill. I'm gonna come politic With you for real, bro. And, and I'm trying to catch the one in New York though. I ain't gonna hold y'all up man. Y'all be blessed man. Y'all know who it is baby. 4 9 0 4. Alright baby boy.


It all up man. We outside this Friday. You heard? Man. It's the first first day of summer of Friday. We outside every day The first time you heard me, All right, well be safe outside hearing. Yes sir. You, hmm? You gonna tell that man, bring his family. You heard him say his baby mama scratch his car up. How you know the family still together? Get out there And I bring the wife. I said bring kids, just bring the kids. I bring the family. Trying to get his family back. I'm Bring he could leave, leave his wife with gear and he hang with me and get some drinks. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. We Do. And we're gonna talk about Tyler Perry. He is being sued. It was announced yesterday for $260 million for sexual harassment and assault.


He's denying it. But we gonna get into all the things. $260 million. You know when they come and they ask for that money, they ain't coming late. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren become this straight fast. She gets from somebody that knows somebody. She the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on. Good Lord. The latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So Tyler Perry is being sued for $260 million for sexual harassment. A a sexual assault and workplace, I'm sorry, workplace sexual harassment and sexual assault and battery by a man named Derrick Dixon. So this man named Derrick Dixon. What? Go ahead. Go Ahead, go ahead. This man named Derrick Dixon was a former, he's an actor and he was formerly in the Oval. He is not only just suing Tyler Perry, he's also suing Tyler Perry's studios. So, and, and Tyler Perry is, is denying this. His attorney has already made a statement calling this a scam.


So to back up, Derrick Dixon says that him and Tyler Perry met in 2019 at an event. And Derrick Dixon's words in the documents he says that Tyler Perry picked him out of a crowd and asked for his number suggesting that he might have a role for him. So then following that, Derrick Dixon says that Tyler Perry did end up giving him alleged did end up giving him a small role in two episodes of a show called Ruthless. Then Derrick claims that in January, 2020, Tyler Perry allegedly invited Derrick to his Atlanta home. Derrick says that he accepted the invite. He hoped that this would build a friendship between the two of them and lead to more acting kids. But according to the lawsuit, while there Derrick claims and alleges that he drank too much and he ended up sleeping in the guest room.


Now, he alleges when he was asleep in the guest room that Tyler Perry got into bed with him and started touching his thighs. And although Derek alleges that he rejected this, the, the advances at night, he says that Tyler Perry remained interested in him. Now he says shortly after he landed a role as Dale in the Oval and he says this was great for his career, but he says that at the time, this is when, or he alleges at the time, this is when Tyler Perry started to fire off sexually suggestive, suggestive text, including asking what Drew's sexual preferences were and telling him that he and allegedly telling him that he had sex with men. Now Derek also points out in this lawsuit that the character Dale that he played was written as a gay homeless and desperate store clerk who had to sleep with other characters for a place to stay.


And, And Derek claims that Derek alleges that this is exactly what Tyler Perry told him he was looking for in a real life sexual partner, someone who would be loyal, independent upon him. Derrick is also alleging that he feared that his career would be derailed if he said no to Tyler Perry. So instead he told him he just wasn't the sexual type allegedly. But he was always terrified he loses job if he complained about sexual harassment. Now Derrick says that this happened to the point that, you know, once again, Tyler Perry allegedly invited him to his home back in 2020 and things took a dark turn according to Derrick. Derrick is alleging that Tyler Perry greeted him warmly at the home, but then quickly started to sexually charge the conversation, asking him things allegedly, like if he likes it rough in bed.


And then Derrick alleges that Tyler Perry grabbed him by the throat while saying, look how excited you just


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody, right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fm, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Scott, he alleges that Tyler Perry, that he pushed Tyler Perry away and that was the end of this alleged incident. Now the lawsuit includes a bunch of different text messages over the years between both of the men, most of the the ones that, most of the text messages that are included. He's trying to show that or trying to allege that Tyler Perry is like sexually charging and, and bringing sex into the conversation and doing things that made him uncomfortable. Now one of the text messages in particular, there's a, there's a couple included in the lawsuit. One of the text messages in particular, Tyler Perry is responding to Derrick and allegedly he's saying, no straight men would be going on walks with you or cooking dinner for you unless they wanted to f you.


And I would f you is in the text. Now this text, there's a, so there's the texts go like this. So there's a, a photo that is sent to Derek of Tyler Perry in the water. He's on like a off of a jet ski. And there he's asking him like, you know, you don't see like a stud in this photo. Like it's, it's, it's the conversations obviously between two people who are familiar with each other. And then there's another text message where Derrick, I guess there was a photo posted or something like that, or maybe Tyler Perry received the photo of Derrick walking with another guy and he's texting him like, oh, I'm jealous, like who's in this photo type of thing. And Derrick is like, you know, responding like, oh, it's just he names the guy, or whatever the case may be. There's another text message conversation where Tyler Perry is having a conversation allegedly with Derrick about when are you gonna be able to have sex without any guilt.


And then there's like a whole like religious guilt conversation that they have as well. Yeah. But Again, okay, so who's the lawyer? So Tyler Perry's attorney is a man named Matthew Boy. No, I'm talking about Tyler Perry. Oh, Tyler Perry's attorney. The other guy. Guy. The guy who, the Guy's attorney Is Emini here. 'cause this just, it it, it definitely sounds like, you know, something that we've heard, you know, over and over. I really honestly feel like maybe they was dealing with each other, yo got mad over something and then yeah, now he wanna come out with, oh, I need 260,000 Emini here, $260 million. But like, it sounds, everything sounds consensual, everything sound like they were talking like, and then now you're just, you know what I'm saying?


I I I would say this, there's, there's two sides to every story, right? You hear this one side And I would tell people, you gotta look at somebody's character in somebody's integrity, right? We always look at Tyler Perry, he's always carried himself with integrity. He's always done so much to uplift each other. He, especially our community, he's hired so many different people. Like I said, I don't know all the details or based of what we know on Tyler Perry's, Tyler Perry's character. Sometimes you just gotta sit back and relax. Yeah. You can't judge too fast because Tyler Perry has done so much. And like I said, there's always two sides to a story. And because Tyler Perry is being sued, you know what? He can't say anything. Yeah. He has to let it play out in court. But yeah, knowing what we know about Tyler Perry and who he is as a person, sometimes you just sit back and relax and let it play out.


Let it play out. That's right. Well, Tyler Perry has not said anything directly. And just to answer your question, the, the guy Derek Dixon is being represented by the law offices of Jonathan Deha, PC Outta LA Tyler Perry has an attorney. His name is Matthew Boyd. He's a attorney for Tyler Perry and Tyler Perry Studio's production services, who's also being sued. And their statement reads from Tyler Perry's legal team. This is an individual who got close to Tyler Perry for what now appears to be nothing more than setting up a scam, but, but Tyler will not be shaken down and we are confident these fabricated claims of harassment will fail. Period. All right, Well period. Yes. Emini here. I know we guys sit back and wait. I just feel like, yo, this is crazy.


$260 million. Yeah, money just sounds like a money grab. Yo 60 million, Like this is weird. Yeah, Yeah. He is seeking the $260 million for $260 million for damages. And this all comes after he quit the oval back in June of 2024 and filed a complaint with the Equal Employment and Opportunity Commission saying he could no longer put up with the alleged sexual harassment. So yes, to Envy's point, we just sit back now and watch it play out and just see what happens. Yeah. Alright, well, okay, as we hear more information, we'll give you more information. Now when we come back, that was the latest with Lauren front page news, Morgan will be joining us and then Ms. Jones will be in the building. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club Donkey. Oh, that's right. Thank you.


Look at you. You know what I'm saying? Look at you. I'm just doing my job. Charlamagne is out. So Donkey of the Day. We are gonna open up the phone lines for you guys. (800) 585-1051. It happens in an hour, but we'll start taking your calls. If you want to give somebody Donkey of the Day, Charlemagne is out. We'll open up the phone lines for you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D EJ NV, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with sports. Game six of the NBA finals is tomorrow at 8:30 PM OKC versus the Paces. And last night the Stanley Cup, Florida Panthers beat the Edmonton Oilers five to one.


It was an amazing match. Did you see it, Jess? Yes, man. They was going back and forth with the, you know what, Emini here. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Lauren, You didn't see it. What's up Morgan? Hey Y Hey. All right. So in case you missed it, in the first hour at 6:00 AM President Trump is reportedly considering an offensive strike against Iran and a bipartisan effort. Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle are looking to limit US involvement in the Iranis Israel conflict. Virginia Senator Tim Cain, who is a Democrat, introduced legislation yesterday that aims to limit President Trump's war power. Let's take a listen to his comments. I happen to believe that the US being at war with Iran would be a colossal mistake.


There is no national security imperative that suggests that we should, I support aid to enable Israel to defend itself, but this need not be a US war. And those who are urging us on apparently have forgotten the lessons of the 20 years of war in the Middle East that caused so much heartache and damage in the region, but also in Virginia and all American states. So this legislation would keep the president from being able to use military force in Iran without Congress authorizing it. I think it is important to note that the power to declare war is vested in Congress. The Constitution specifically Article one, section eight, grants Congress the sole authority to declare war.


While the president is the commander in chief of armed forces, they cannot declare war independently. So they will need the help of Congress. Meanwhile, Republican Congress amend Thomas Massey announced his plans to introduce a bipartisan war powers resolution. And a post on x Massey says, this is not out. This is not our war, but it, if it were, Congress must decide such matters. According to our constitution, democratic Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez indicated that she would support the resolution by responding to Massey's Post saying, signing on. Now, switching gears back to the home front. Here on the home front, New York City, comptroller and mayoral candidate, Bradley Lander, he was arrested for allegedly obstructing an immigration hearing.


Lander was handcuffed at the immigration court in lower Manhattan yesterday as he was observing hearings involving possible deportations, which he has done a few times now. The video of the arrest shows lander being pushed against a wall and handcuffed. Let's take a listen to that incident. Actually, I'm Not obstructing, I'm standing right here in the hallway. I asked to see the judicial warrant arrest the by asking, did you for a judicial warrant, you don't have the authority to arrest you, US citizens asking you for a judicial warrant. So prior to his arrest, as you heard Lander shouted, he was shouting to ICE agents to show him their warrants and badges as they were taking an immigrant into custody. Lander has been a big advocate for immigrants and is calling for more legal funding and resources for migrants who are arrested by ice.


He was later released by ice hours after his arrest. Now this comes of course, just a week after California Senator Alex Padilla was also aggressively removed from a homeland security precedent regarding just asking questions for their constituents and for their people about what's going on with ice and how ice raids are taking place. So New York governor Kathy Ho is condemning the arrest of New York City Comptroller bla Brad Lander. And she basically is saying, how dare they take an elected official who's been down down there for weeks doing what he's been doing to escort people who are afraid to walk into the courthouse of the United States of America. So moving on, and a San Diego Congressman Mike Levin is responding to the president's calls for more immigration enforcement in large US city cities.


Of course, this comes as Trump's administration is reportedly reversing its decision to halt immigration raids on undocumented workers in agriculture, hotels, and restaurants. Let's take a listen to San Diego Congressman Mike Levin's comments on immigration. They seem to be going after people who are contributing positively to our economy, to our society. Of course, the President seems to go back and forth on whether or not to do raid on farms and hotels and restaurants, and it's just gonna further disrupt our economy. Yeah, you talked about that yesterday. Envy about it being a disruptor to our economy. So the change comes, or the Department of Homeland Security has informed ice officials about the shift on a Monday call as reported by the Washington Post.


Now, this decision follows the president's acknowledgement that his aggressive deportation efforts were affecting these industries by removing essential workers. Recently on truth social though Trump wrote, we must protect our farmers, but get the criminals out of the USA and added that changes are coming. So we'll continue to keep you guys posted. I think before I leave though, I think it's important to note that tomorrow is Juneteenth. Okay? Yes. Hey. Yes. June 19th, 1865. The day marks when slaves in Texas were finally, they were finally free to an extent free, free ish. And the slaves in Texas finally learned about the Emancipation Proclamation.


So Juneteenth, June 19th, 1865, we've been free ish. And that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binnews.com. Thank y'all. See y'all. Now I do have a question. Juneteenth is a national holiday, right? So banks will be closed. Everything is closed. Federal holiday. It's a federal holiday. I I just wanna make sure, 'cause I, I thought Trump would try to change that back, but I just wanna make sure it's a federal holiday. Let closed post office closed. Matter of fact, yo, we, I don't think we should make too much noise about it because he gonna remember. I think he forgot about it. He gonna be like, Oh, got you. All right. Yeah. So it's a federal holiday, so enjoy the day off tomorrow, guys.


Yes. All right, well I'll see you guys on Friday. Alright. Thank you girl. Now when we come back, radio legend, radio icon, Ms. Jones will be joining us now. Hey guys. Ms. Jones got me my start in morning radio 20 years ago. She gave me an opportunity, gave me a chance to ride with her and taught me morning radio. And we are going to talk to her next. She actually lost a love for music industry radio a couple of years ago during COVID. And we just happened to reconnect and I was very upset that she gave it up. Yeah, she said she didn't wanna do it no more. She had to raise her boys. So we came up with a plan to get it back on radio and she'll break all that down. And I, we will talk to Ms. Jones next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes We do. Now she is the first black woman to host a syndicated morning show. She had one in New York and Philly has one in New York Right now she does entertainment report on picks 11. And she has her own morning show. It's where I got my start. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Ms. Jones. AKA Jonesy. Welcome. Good morning. Thank You. Thank you Envy. Thank you for that. Thank you for having me here. Oh, look at that. So if, if you don't know Jones is how I got my start in morning radio and I'll just break down the story and then I'll let you girls take over.


'cause I know everything about Jones. Yes. So I I that's true. So I was doing morning radio with Joe Button at Hot 97. This is when Star Buck left, sway left. They tried a bunch of different shows, it didn't work. And they had Joe Button and me, we were doing Morning show and Joe Button was a rapper at the time. So he was doing his, he was on tour and doing all types of things and it just didn't work. So they brought in Jones and when they brought in Jones, me and Jones really didn't have a relationship. We knew of each other but didn't know each other. And I remember the first day, you know, me being nosy, I was air hustling And I found out she took, she was talking, I don't know her manager or whoever at the time. And she said how much they made and how much they were giving her.


Mm. And I pulled her to the side And I said, look, just to let you know they paid Joe button this much, so you should ask for that much. And right then and there, That's what's up. We became brother And sister 50. That's what he said. They paying Joe two 50 And we became brother and sister. She asked for that. And the no I asked for I got More. You got more. That's My thought. You're a starting point, so thank You. Yes. And that's how our brother and sister became. And from there on we've been through ups and downs and battles and wars and we always had each other's backs. The good, the bad. We were always there for each other and even after, we are always there for each other. And that's how it became. So she's somebody that I look up to in radio. So when I talk about radio, she taught me how to do interviews.


Yeah. She taught me how to tease. She taught me how to not have anything to talk about and just pull a topic outta thin air and make it big like she was the moment. And she was somebody that mentor or idolized when it came to radio 'cause she knew how to do it and she did it so effortlessly. So Ms. Jones ladies And I Love, love how you advocated for her, first of all. Like you, because you know, nobody would've, did you know what I'm saying? Not many people would do that. Oh, this person getting paid this. And you knew that. You knew who she was and then her worth and what she was worth. You know? And That Was real, your value. No one does that anymore. No, nobody. No. So that, that's really dope. Thank you. How do you feel about how radio is ran today? The, the, the, the current state of radio today?


You know what? Business is always business. Once I got that, once I understood that, it just became a, an understanding of do your show and expect them to perform the business. Once you take the personal out of it, it's easier to just focus and move on and do your other thing. Yeah. Let's talk About you getting to radio. So before radio you were a music artist. Yes. R and b singer. Yeah. I had singles where I wanna be. Boy, my first album actually never came out. It wasn't until I left Stepson Records and got with Andre Harrell at Motown. It was gonna be the new Motown and then he got fired and then it was just bringing the a and r, bringing the new it was, it was a mess.


So I'm glad that when they asked me to do weekends at Hot 97, although first I was like radio, I'm gonna be a big singer star, I don't got time. I'm glad I humor them. Yeah. Because that wound up maintaining my lifestyle, which wasn't a huge lifestyle, but paying my bills. 'cause my mother died June 26th. Sorry about that. Of 91. Right after I got home from college, my dad died freshman year. So I had nothing. Wow. I had nothing. So I needed that little weekend job And I didn't know I would wind up needing it to be my full-time job. And they offered me morning. Now Jones was the, the r and b singer we're talking to Ms. Jones. She was the r and b singer. Kind of like how Fab used to do the Clue Mixtapes. She used to do the r and b version of that before Fab. So she would sing on the mix tapes who was ever beat was out, she would kill it.


And that's how Jones got popular. She did with Ron G. Legendary Mixtape DJ Ron G. Yeah. That's amazing. Thank you. I ain't never have an RB mix tape lie. Oh yeah, that's what, oh yeah. That was the start. And it's funny because once I did it, it started catching on. But I was just doing it for fun primarily 'cause I loved the beats And I always wanted to sing. I didn't wanna necessarily be a rapper, but that was a good fusion and it was safe. 'cause I, you know, I studied music, I thought I could sing. Right. I know that people liked it. But hearing a mixtape on Jamaica Avenue in front of the Coliseum Mall was everything. You already made it when that happened. So what happened? Like why? Why aren't we, They could blame it on a lot of things now.


I'm so glad I avoided the baby oil of it all. Okay. I'm glad That I always wound up with labels that didn't necessarily have the resources. Hmm. I was always with a small engine. And then when you have the other artists that have the bigger engines and maybe not necessarily the bigger talent or the bigger gifts you lose. Yeah. But I flipped it And I just stayed the chorus of radio, never knowing that that would be my full-time thing. And then from radio, I would then go back to making records because last year I went back to music. I have a song called Calling Old Ladies that was Grammy nominated. Nice. And this is the first time Congratulations ever. Thank you. So, And I have a new single, let's play the birthday song.


Hopefully Envy will give it a spin or so. No, We'll get it on this morning. Yeah. He know. He's, Do you think Diddy took what you were doing back then? I know for a fact he did. Do you want me to tell the story? Please. So if you remember the, so back then it was Mary j Blige and it was, well before that it was like maybe Allison Williams, but she wasn't really a contender 'cause she was a little more mature, her marketing. But back then it was Misha Le Allison Williams. And Mary j Blige was the new kid on the block. Misha Le was from the West coast. So she didn't really have the Edge, the New York Edge. Right. And they knew, well then I came and Ron G was my person and Diddy was behind Mary. So Mary's first album, if you go back and listen, it was really all jazz r and b Diddy always had his ear to the street.


And so he heard about my stuff coming and he came to Ron g heard the mix tapes that we were doing and he knew that my album was supposed to be like the mix tapes. Yeah. Which wound up being Mary's remix album. So when he couldn't get Ron to give him my stuff, 'cause Ron was like, no, Ms. Jones was gonna be my artist. I'm getting her a deal. He took the music and went and remixed her first album and released it before we could even get out the gate with mine. So Because he couldn't have you Or not me, he wanted the music for Mary. Oh good. Okay. He wanted the music from Ronchi for Mary. So every song that was supposed to be mine, that sound that's on the, the remix album. Right. That was, he got it from, and he tricked Ron to Ron, just bring all your tapes down here.


I just wanna vibe. And Ron dumped all the tapes there. And I'm like, why would you do that? Right. In hindsight, he didn't know. We didn't know that Diddy would wind up being, you know, the way it was. But so that's it. But she didn't know. Yeah. Have you and Mary j Blige ever sat and had a conversation about this and No. And she doesn't know. She doesn't. And like I, I probably shouldn't even still remember. Right. Why shouldn't you remember? Did somebody give you something where you ain't supposed to remember Emini here because it's so many years after so many years you're supposed to move on. Mm. Right. So don't get me wrong. I have my moments of Tourette's and going down a rabbit hole. Hmm. Hole. But primarily I realized that she did not know and it wasn't her fault.


And I, that's not to say that even if she didn't, she wouldn't have been a huge star. She is today. Right. Sure. Yeah. But I just know that particular situation happened that way. And that is the truth. But I'm not denying her success. Gotcha. A note after that, Diddy did the reality show for you for free. I've heard you talk about that. He did a reality show for you. Yeah. Remember that? Envy? Yeah. My God. What was the, what was the exact reality show? We don't even know. We were just kids. Happy to have some cameras. 'cause this is before reality show. This is before Keisha Cole, this is before anything. And they brought cameras into the Hot nine seven Studio. So Envy was like, it would be good. It would be dope actually. If you could get Diddy to cosign, you go shoot some scenes with Diddy. I'm like, what are we talking about? He's like, whatever. Mm.


So we get in there, I get into the office and he's, first thing he says is, why are you always talking about Beyonce? And I'm like, I don't know. What are you drinking? He was like, bro, gray tea, do you want something? And I'm like, yeah. And then we just broke the ice and started talking. So the show never went anywhere. Right. Envy said it was horribly produced. It was so bad. Oh, we're still kicking it with Ms. Jones. Now break down how you got on morning radio with starring Buck back at Hot 97 days. Now mind you, Starr, buck Wild used to write talk shit about me in their little magazine that they had. Right. As an r and b singer. They always talk about the gap in my mouth and all the things. And I'm like, since when do dudes talk about a woman's feature? Yeah. But that was them. And so when they put me together with them, I still had an attitude.


Yeah. So he apologized, but it don't matter. Like, you know what, Emini here. And then he used to talk about everyone, which I understood what he was doing, but I didn't necessarily wanna be a part of that because I'm still a r and b singer trying to make a comeback. Yeah. And you gotta rub hands and shake hands and rub elbow. And I'm outside tonight. You are not. You go back to wherever it is you live. I'm in these streets And I gotta, wow. Yes. Yeah. And then so Why did, why did you leave that show? Because I knew all this stuff. Emini here. I had I, well, before we get to why you left, I wanted to ask because it kind of sets up for that question. So just hearing that background and knowing about the magazine and you coming in with the attitude of, I gotta protect myself, is that why before you left you chose to protect yourself in the situation that with Aaliyah?


Yes. That was a straight disrespect and it was too early for the bull. And I didn't like the fact that I knew all morning they were whispering. So I knew something was brew. It was always something brewing with the kids. Right. Yeah. But that morning it was too soon for the bull And I knew she had just died. So it was, And I was like, but I know they would never like go that far. Well, what happened? I don't know. So, oh, go ahead. You tell to Miss Jonesy. So Aaliyah passed away the week before. This was right before nine 11 would happen, right? Okay. Yeah. She passed away. This is tragic because no one girl r and b young singer had been dying at all. Right? The next week, star and Buck Wild, primarily Star and his assistant Reese, they decide to reenact her dying on the plane crash.


And they played on air, the screams and the, and the sound of fire burning, like a plane crashing. And I knew they were up to some things. Like to this day he goes, Ms. Jones knew. No, you kept it from me and you know, you didn't tell me what it was, but when I heard it, I walked out And I said, I wish you had died in a plane rather than Aaliyah. Mm. And then Tracy used that. She was like, you don't wish death on your coworkers and go home and you cool off. And you think about this like, she punished me, right? She yelled at me, kind of, and not them that on the radio. On the radio. And then an hour later McDonald's pulled their money. Burger King Pepsi, everybody pulled their money. I don't know if it was Jay-Z and Dame Dash telling them this is what happened.


I don't know. 'cause we didn't have social media back then where didn't travel that quickly. Right. But we had a lot of listeners back then, and everyone that was listening to Star, buck Wild featuring Ms. Jones heard it and knew someone that heard it. Right. So when the corporation started pulling the money, hello Jonesy is Tracy. Mm. Tracy the one that just told me to go home and think about it. We need you back. I have to pull star buck wild off the air. The World did. Everybody's mad. I bet. Yeah. And we need you to calm the, the Savage Beast. That is the, And I did what I was told and went back on air and went back on air. There was a a, there's always been a conversation that either Dame or Jay-Z either called the station or came to the station or something like that. After all that happened, probably.


And now that all this other stuff is coming out now, years later, I'm sure they probably took her to breakfast and made the threat that either you get them off the air or else where you won't have any more Rockefeller artists I'm sure of that I'm finding out now we're all finding out that those type of conversations were had. Yes ma'am. You know, Wendy got let go because Diddy allegedly called Tracy and said, by the time I get back in town, she better be gone. Or you won't have any bad boy artists. So when, when they finally left Hot 97 and you were in Philly Just right? Yes. You got the call to come back to New York. They called, Don't, let's stay in Philly real quick. Okay. Because you gonna Philly was Wendy Williams giving you a call? So I called Wendy. Wendy, wait, so Wendy called me.


I think she called me. Yeah, I heard. Well I I've seen interviews where you said she called you because she heard what was happening. She, Lauren be, she's so informed. That's Wendy. You, Wendy Williams info, Andy Martinez. You guys are like the pinnacle of like, if I could have a radio career all combined, it is that. Thank you sis. So I've, I've, I, I enjoy all your interviews, especially your drink hands interview. I've watched it a couple times. Thank you. Thank you for carrying the torch and getting in there and getting those stories. Because I pay attention to you too. I'd be like this, like what Bitch, thank you. I appreciate that And I appreciate you still having the love of it. So Wendy called Yes Jones 'cause she always had to sneak to call me because her husband Kevin, who later would, would try to have me murdered in front of Hot 97. That's a whole nother story, child.


Holy damn you to drink.


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody, right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from close to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field. Or even look at the switch things up. Add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Zero waste. Camping isn't always easy. You've gotta find the right gear that's durable, sustainable and won't actually end up in a landfill once it's worn out. That's why Little Camper makes it easy to choose zero waste propane For your next camping trip, pick the exchangeable zero waste one pound propane cylinder. Find a retailer at Little Camper with a k.com/outdoor. That's little camper with a k.com/outdoor. Little camper. What fuels you?


Come over this Court. Go ahead. It's okay. Wendy called again. So Wendy called. Yes. She said I heard what's going on. Call Golden Boy who was then doing mornings at, or the PD for Power 99 and call Luscious Ice over at the the beat. I didn't know either of these people, but I needed a job. So I called Luscious Ice responded quickly and in a couple of weeks I had the position. I didn't know anyone in Philadelphia except for Charlie Baltimore. And thank God for Chuck. She took me under her wing. She sat in with me on my first week and introduced me to people told me kind of we're to party. We're not to party what to stay away from.


And Derek Coleman. Mm he see here from the Sixers and we went to Syracuse. Syracuse together. He helped me find my apartment and he just was being real big brother to me when I got to Philadelphia. But it was very rewarding because when I got to that station, they were like number 50 in the ratings. They had no signal and they had little resources And I brought them to number three in three months. Wow. So for me that was self what? Self Proclaiming That was, it was Liberation Self. You know what Emini here it was comp. It was because I still had the hurt of did Emini here that little to the star Buck Wild show that they think that they could just throw me out.


And then I'm like, wait, maybe I ain't. And then you Go somewhere and you revamp it, you replenish it and then you make it a whole New thing and you just, I just brought the same thing. They were happy to have me. They were coming to my grown folk Fridays, which I created by the way they were coming. It was everything I did in Philly. I love Philly so much because they gave me what my soul needed without being paid or without. Yeah. Without being paid to do. So they showed up for me and at that time in my life, they gave me the confidence I needed to stand in being the only woman doing morning radios like that. And then it was so gratifying when Hot 97 had to call me back to save that ass. So now we getting back to New York.


Jesse went ask her about the front page with, yeah. So somebody tried to have you killed? Oh, Kevin, Wendy Williams husband allegedly according to the court documents, I'll say. Oh they okay. Yes. Break it down Allegedly. Break it down. Allegedly. Kevin never liked me and Wendy's friendship. And I think it's because when Wendy introduced me to Kevin, when she very first met him, he And I were sitting in the car together. 'cause she had gone in the store to get some gum and we had a conversation And I told him to take care of my friend and he goes, no, when she makes it, I'm gonna make it. I'm gonna take care of her. I didn't like that. I didn't like that. What you mean when she becomes a star? You gonna be right there. Right there. I didn't like that. And maybe it was harmless. Right? But no it's not because look how it ended up not harmless. So I knew Kevin didn't want her having any parts of me.


And I guess it got to the point because I wasn't backing down at that point. She would start saying slick stuff about me on air And I would start saying stuff back. For many years I did nothing but I was tired of being a punk ass bitch. And so I started saying stuff back and he wanted to silence me. And so in the court documents, when their intern Nicole, I think was her name, Nicole? Yep. Sued them. She came out and testified that he attempted to have a murder plot placed on Ms. Jones. Now three years ago when me and Wendy Williams reunited, I think this was 2022 or 20 20, 22, she told me, she goes, oh, as far as Kev trying to have you murdered, he was just playing. He didn't mean it, but that doesn't mean he didn't say it. And that doesn't mean that someone who is trying to be in his graces.


We see people now shooting and killing people because they think they're doing something. Yeah. In the spirit of I got her, I got her. So how you playing? How you shooting? How do you feel right now about the Catch that it was so regular? Yeah, Thank you. I almost missed it. You say so regularly Honor Wednesday. How you killing me? Oh, how you killing Me? You killing me. Oh my God. All we got more with Jonesie Ms. Jones, when we come back, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. By Myself or if I was with somebody else, you don't understand.


So make the people say, yeah, I can put you in the cabin somewhere in Aspen. Girl ain't ain't tricking if you got it. What you asking for? Put you in a mansion somewhere in Wisconsin. Like I said, ain't nothing. We can change the last name. What's happening because you look so good. Tell me why you want work here. I put you on the front page of a king magazine, but you gonna yourself heard in the back, have a conversation.


Really think you need some ventilation. Let's talk you and me. Oh, I can't believe it. She out on me on morning everybody. It's EEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Rosa is here as well. We're still talking to Ms. Jones, radio personality singer. She's on pick 11 to now. You know when Jones goes back to Philly leaves hot 97. I was mad 'cause I'm like, how she just gonna leave us in Philly? We've been doing this show for three, four years And I was mad at Jones And I don't think I spoke to Jones for like two years, three years. Right? I didn't know you were mad at me. We Didn't speak maybe for five years. No nv.


That's not true. I had to be longer than that. We speak For a minute, minute. No, we were talking, we didn't talk personally. I had no idea you were mad because I thought I did invite you to come to Philly and you said you had money in the clubs. So I thought I was coming. I thought we was gang. Gang. Yeah. So she, she I y'all deuces and left. So I was always mad. I'm like damn. So I had to start over but so We speak. I'm so sorry. Wait, wait, wait. No, bring it back. Rewind. I am sorry because I wanted you, I don't, maybe I didn't come to you directly. Maybe I, I knew I couldn't afford you. So maybe I asked some somebody in the team. Do you think I should ask Envy because he's not gonna come. I can't afford to pay him. But I thought I'd have did it for free.


When COVID hit, I haven't spoke to Jones and ugh, you was watching the own network, you And your wife And I did not know this. Jack and Joe Mom called and said, I had no idea you're Ms. Jones. 'cause I had created a new life for myself. Once I got fired in Philly. The last, the third time, the last time I, I couldn't mess. I couldn't mess around anymore. So I separated myself from the industry. I couldn't listen to radio. It made me bleed to Hear radio industry stuff at All. Nothing. I changed my name. I started using my married name just so that no one could trace Ms. Jones back to me and that my kids would have a shame free upbringing. Mm. You know, I'm mad at that. So I was, I was not doing that.


So one of my, Jack and Jill mom shout at the Jack and Jill of America called and said, I didn't know that was you. And I said, whatcha talking about? And then she said, there's a program on own DJ Envy. His wife just said that we not for you giving her husband a starting radio, he wouldn't be where he is. Wow. And I broke down crying 'cause I hadn't spoken or heard from him in years. And I was angry because I felt like he's doing well. My, the other co-host, everybody's doing well. And they started on my show and no one has reached out a hand. Wow. To even see if my kids had Christmas, if everybody was doing okay or nothing. I was upset. But that gave me the, to get outside of my ego to pick up the phone and call and say, Hey can we talk? And he was like, Hey Jones.


He was very Yeah, you were very, Yeah. Yeah. Aw, you made me crying here. You gonna make me cry too. So, so I can't look at it now. Me. So during COVID the, she was telling me what she was going through. She left the industry. She didn't wanna do radio anymore. Yeah. She was fine just being a mom. She had two boys. And I'm like, nah, B I'm like, I I don't think you understand what you bring. So I said this is what we gonna do. Let's create a, a reunion show. We use my platform to push it And I guarantee you a program director will call you. Didn't I say that? You said, and then what happened in a couple of months? You not even crying. I'm crying girl. What?


I'm crying. I'm, I'm crying. I, I I And I, I know the alone Emini here. We, we don't, we don't know your height of it, me and Jess. But like Right. You know what it's like to be dealing with something and being alone and feeling alone. And I felt so alone all the time that I became numb to it. Yeah. Just felt like it was always gonna be me and just me alone. Everybody Crying here today. Right. Damn. Especially because in this I think people look at you, it's like you had a career. People think you're doing well, you just don't know what people are going to. But some people think that you're so resilient that she's not back. 'cause she doesn't choose to be back. Look at her. She's out there being football mom, wrestling mom, PTA mom. She doesn't wanna come back into the industry and God bless her because the industry is not knowing. I, I would've enjoyed, you know, having a stable check.


Yeah. And I was sick And I had multiple more surgeries with the tumor. Which is, I wanna say it's gone. It may never leave me completely. But I had, I had been diagnosed with ameloblast stoma since I was child and was told I would never sing or have a career that required speaking. Which is why God is just so miraculous. Right? Yeah. And wonderful. Yeah. But Can I, can I talk about the the surveys? Yes. This is what made me cry. Okay. Wow. Because this, yep. So for Jones to make money, she would do surveys.


She'd go home, put on a wig and do the survey again, then go home, put on another wig and do the survey again. So she would wear three different wig s that might fraud to get paid to do. Oh talking Don't go blowing up the spot Your baby at this point. Right. But you had to feed your baby. Damn. Look he's learning stuff now. So we get paid. Oh he crying too. We all in here crying. I'm not going down after all of this time and I'm back. We'll Bail. We'll bail you out. Wow. So she would do these surveys to pay the bills and to pay the rent and to get food. And she would change the wigs. Envy Was like nah this gonna stop. Although it's Rumor in it and you know now or whatever. But like you were doing what you could do to take care of your baby.


Well you know and to pay your bills. Right. But does you know that s that story, that's somebody Yes I do. I just wanted, like for me, my kids did not ask to be born to me. Yeah. So why should they have to suffer and go without what their classmates have 'cause of my reckless mouth or poor decisions. So you have to do what you have to do. Right. And those surveys like real talk I like still do Stupid. Wanna have time. You stupid. They're So easy. This is what your opinion on. Do you like this Fresh earth? Do you like that one? It's easy money.


This is crazy. Oh my god. So listen, so if we start doing a podcast, right? And within about three weeks she gets a call. Right? Somebody, a program director from down south offers her a job and she goes, envy, what should I do? I said you should wait. And she goes, why are they gonna gimme a deal this down the other? I said, you're not from down there. This is your town, this is where you're from. I said somebody from New York was gonna call you. She was like, you think another month later you got the call from New York. And it took about a good year and a half of me meeting with Skip and Chris to convince them that the jonesy that they're hearing about or the Jonesy that they once knew that was doing shock jock stuff has matured, has children, has reasons to not come and destroy your radio station sir.


And say reckless stuff to cause us all lose our jobs. Right. And ultimately that really was who I had grown into. Yeah. I had grown up grow, I had grown up how growing and so it was, I felt like for me because the radio station dropped on my birthday. Yes. That's me and God's thing. He knows when he does things on my birthday. Oh that's for me. So I hung in there. I did get discouraged along the course of the way 'cause it was just taking so long. A lot of women and maybe men too we're so used to fighting and things not happening that we're always waiting for their other shoe to drop. Yeah. But I'm so thankful, I guess that I had nothing to lose and everything to gain by humbling myself and letting it happen in their time and in God's time.


Because here I am and now I feel like God is moving me up so, so quickly. 'cause I did do a lot of work when I was home. Like I got into the scripture And I would write down my pastor Darius Daniels. I would write down everything and so I could apply it whenever I was faced with a challenge. 'cause I don't wanna go back to being hot head tarsha. I want to. Right. And so I was doing the work And I was applying the work. And even now I listen to the scripture every morning on my drive into the block because I don't want the listeners that God has blessed me with again to be tortured or tormented with some that I'm going through. Right. Because it's bigger than me. Right. Yeah. And so there's always work to be done.


Yeah. It never stops. I'm just thankful that I'm able to sit here with you and you and you girl and Charlemagne, you're here in spirit. But thank you for allowing me in y'alls house. 'cause I never imagined I thought it was over. I thought I was gonna be Jalen and Cha's mom And I was happy being that. Yeah. Right. But as my kids grew older, they, they, they had needs. So I'm glad I'm in position now to meet the needs. We're still talking to Ms. Jones radio personality singer. She's on picks 11. Jess, when did you Meet Ms. Knowles Envy? Why did you say that? She told me off. You know, I won that Argument. Good to what what what happened was the ar was arguing with Ms. Knowles.


So Beyonce, it was a Friday afternoon and the staff was trying to rush me out. You still here Jonesie? You know we always would leave Fri same thing as now, right? Friday we am I outta here gone? Most of The time I wasn't even coming in. I'm at the Borgata. I was gonna say, did I tell you that? Did Casino said Jones is winning at the Borgata. She not coming, coming to work. She be like, And I feel, tell I'm sick. I bing, bing, bing, bing binging. But On that day I was there. I didn't know Beyonce was coming up. So Michael, Sean, the comedian on our show at the time, he happened to be downstairs 'cause his routine was to go down after the show and smoke. Okay. So he said he sees a whole like secret service, black SUVs pull up and all of a sudden doors fling open doors, fling open and hair blonde hair is just blowing in the wind.


And these long beautiful elongated legs step out of the SUV, he's like Jonesie. So he runs back in the building. And let me know that Beyonce, who we have been joking on laughing on Emini here because we, we always, always play too much. We didn't personal answer. It was really no nothing, never to be. So it was no beef? No. Okay. I was just being stupid. Right. And, And I was being paid to be stupid and to mind people's business. And if you ever want me to stop mining your business, you have to pay me a separation fee. Yes. So she came upstairs and she went to hug me. But I being just being stupid, I was like, Uhuh, I don't hug. I have newborns at home or whatever.


This some stupid just be fiance. I didn't know she was gonna be love on top. I was say what era Beyonce is this Right? What? What song? Give us a song. Beyonce was popping from the coochie of Tina. No. Hey y'all. Not from the coochie. From the Alright. But what era was this? Didn't matter. Does this say my name? What was this ring Ring me Alarm just started, she's a solo artist. She just, she Beyonce. She's Beyonce. Beyonce it not Beyonce. Yeah. I got kids at home. Don't touch me. Don't Touch me. Don't hug me. I got kids at home. I Said no, no, no. I didn't say it like that. I was just was like, you know she went in for the hug And I did the stiff arm and she was like, I'm Beyonce. And I was like, nice to meet you. And she nice to meet you too. And she walked on to the studio to do her voice work.


Here come that damn Tina Knowles. Yeah. I like how you keep my daughter's name in your mouth all the time. And I this in public. It's fun to everybody now everybody. I'm there. It is in the hallway. Okay. And now I'm gonna continue to keep it and now I'm gonna add yours to the list. You need to worry about that red joke of lipstick making you look like the damn joker. What? You said that to Miss Tina? I did. Yes. You still feel like that? I absolutely feel like Josie said that back. No, I believe her. I was there. But you just said that with so much conviction. I just wanted to know if like where we at right now with Miss Tina and Beyonce? No, she was reenacting, which she didn't, you know what Emini here. Yeah. That's being came out. But no, I had, so I didn't have a problem with Beyonce back then. Despite all the parody songs, all the things.


Yeah. We were like kids being let loose in the fun house. Yeah. You remember what Mc M came? Yeah. And you wasn't there that day. And I There and you and You said be careful. Yep. Yep. I warned you. So I made fun Happened with Mc Hammer. First of all, I heard he time down with Gangster from Oakland. Absolutely. Right. I heard, you know, you see the dance can't touch this. Yes. So we were, this is when interviews were live, like really live. Oh. So when he landed, he was on his way to the station. Jones was in the Casino Of course. So she didn't come that day went. So me and Michael, Sean was making fun of him. Like, ham is coming. Whatcha gonna say can't touch this like hammer. What happened? I got to pray like we were making fun of him though. And He hammer's in the cab listening to himself be clown because he's thinking he's coming for love.


A great interview. Right. And it's New York who wants to be clowned in New York and he's never expecting. Right. So he gets to the station, him and an older gentleman come inside, closes the door, stands at the door, says I'm here to test a coward's heart. Oh I don't even know what that means. Right. I was like, what that mean? He says, I'm here to y'all up talk that shit in front of me. Now at that point he's not letting us out. Yeah. He's not letting us out. So what You start doing dancing. What? I was, I was nervous. No, no. You joked again. You was like, can't touch this. It started dipping and dodging away from him. See he playing around. Yep. And then Mike, Sean starts going in with his type of comedy. And then somebody called Ebro Ebro came from the Bay Area and he had a relationship with Hammer.


But it got so real, like I think Hammer started sweating and was in their face. Like when you talking and spit spitting out. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. And then had it not been for Ebro saying Chill, chill, chill, chill. Hammer. They not they. Yes. Yeah. Would've Had to squad And Ebro said, Ebro called me and said, look, I don't know if you know but Hammer is real. And that little that that guy, the old guy you got probably got a gun in his bag right there. Yeah. So he was like, at the time I used to carry my little two too. Yes. He said, so those little two bullets ain't gonna do nothing. So just know leave Hammer alone. And I was scared. That was my, probably my scariest interview after that. I was like, hammer's about to. So He was the original bird man. My Yes he was. Damn. Yes. Put it all Perspective. Yep. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So and your ass at the Casino doubling down on a hard four or something.


Split the fours or Something. I do want to ask last question. You were in Biggie's video. One More chance. One more chance. How was that video? Mm. That was very, very special. 'cause everyone didn't get invited to be in it. And I was one of the girls whose records may not have been the biggest, but they invited me 'cause shorty was ill and everybody was showing up. Mm. And everyone was being regular. Like nobody was being nasty. Everyone came with love and excitement because we didn't even hear the song. Diddy wouldn't let anybody hear. And the only song that was out was the remix. Mm. So all night before I'm practicing in the mirror to the remix not knowing that that wasn't gonna be the one. Wow. But everybody was, and there were people outside still trying to get in.


So I'm actually glad I got there early. But Patra Jonna, like I'm fans of these girls and I'm now I'm like in a video with them. And to this day, when those see things like that would happen while I was raising my kids when they were little, a video would come on and somebody would be like, that looks like you. Things like that. And I think the defining moment when the cat came out the bag that Tasha, Jalen and Jay's mom. Yeah. Was Ms. Jones. I was running around, I was football mom. And before a football game you have to make sure that the announcer booth, everybody has the names of the players, the coaches, all the things. And then you have to press a button for the Whitney Houston National Anthem Bitch. I'm pressing buttons and nothing's playing.


And they're all looking at the black lady in the booth that they probably think shit had no business up there to begin with. I grabbed the microphone and bust down the national anthem to the point they're clapping before I even get to the, and the land of every and my Sonos. They're looking, they're like, Jalen, that's your mom. Mm. And I'm like, and at that moment they're like, you, you are somebody you do you know white folks start Googling. Oh Yeah, start Googling. Oh My gosh. She killed her. The jig and the gig both were up at that point And I couldn't hide. And then I was like, maybe I'm not supposed to. Maybe I need to figure out, you know, some things. And I wanted to sing. I just didn't wanna be back in the industry.


So I started singing with a little band. Mm. And that fulfilled me. And then that in my little surveys. Yes. The money from singing in the band and surveys. We were good. We were bawling. I appreciate you so much. You could check on Pix 11 on Thursday And now I have a TV talk show special on P 11. Hey What is that on? Yes. Hopefully June 22nd. If not, 'cause I'm, you know me, I'm never like satisfied so I'm still tweaking. If I don't make my June 22nd debut, it'll be July 6th On pixel 11. We're definitely recording. Go out and watch that. And I love This so much history here man. Love. Thank for respecting and carrying the torch on ladies. No problem. That's really, that's really good for us.


We here 'cause you because of you. Well thank you. 'cause you're doing it well and you're looking great doing it. Thank you. And stay focused. Black out the white noise. Okay. Yeah. And just keep going. Thank you. Thank you guys. Well it's Ms. Jones Jones. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning here. Your chicken out The Breakfast Club. It's your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Remember now that's it's how they choose. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Alright. Charlemagne is out today. So if you want to give somebody Donkey of the Day. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello? Who's this?


Yo, this is Dre. Dre. What up? Give somebody donkey today. Hey man, this is going you and Jess man. Okay, I'm listening. Well, Lauren was doing a report about Tyler Perry. Jess was over there giggling and stuff. Lauren kept stopping you chime in and started talking my character, what the, whether, whether he did it or not. He could have a really good character but he could also be guilty of it. These things do happen. You are absolutely right. But my whole point is I'm not gonna judge a man based off of one side of a, a situation. I know Tyler Perry's character and based on his character, I'm gonna give him the benefit of the doubt until we hear more information. Right. I'm just not gonna crucify a man. Especially that somebody has done so much for our community.


I don't know if he's guilty or not, but me personally, I'm not gonna crucify the brother until I hear his side of things. Right. You can if you want. That's your opinion and that's all your decision. You literally said just sit back and let Think. But no one said the crucifying bro. When you start talking like Pac, that's all you talk about. That's now that supersede what this guy said kind of like when, when, when Diddy was indicted and until the cast tape came out, everybody was just like, ah, whatever. I don't think he did it. Why would he Do that? No, nobody said Diddy's character. Nobody said Diddy's character was great. People said Let's Let's hear the information. I'm just telling you what, what Tyler Perry has done to people. And you hear all the, all the things that the good that Tyler Perry has done for people.


Yo. And all I'm saying is don't judge when you only hear one person's side of the the situation. That's I said why? Why couldn't it be I if he, if he did this, this was traumatizing to the guy. If he did this it's wrong. You could have said that. Alright. But look, could I just over there Giggling? I could have said it but I didn't wanna say it 'cause I don't believe it All. Look now and let me tell you this, if something funny, I'm a laugh. I don't care what you talking about. You can gimme donkey if you want. That's cool. But if something funny, I'm gonna laugh. Derrick Dickinson. That's funny. That Is kind of funny. And the character And the character of a homeless gay dude, this, that it is funny. That's kind of funny. A lot of Tyler Perry stuff is funny. So I'm gonna laugh. Ha ha on that ass. But Dre, you could give us donkey. Thank you Dre. Have a good one. He gave us donkey today.


Justin. Yeah that's on him. Ha Ha ha. On that ass is funny. That is is that is funny. Hello, who's this? My name is Keisha. Hey Keisha. Who you wanna give donkey today to? I wanna give Donkey to my ex-boyfriend. Why he cheated on me with a gay man. Ha ha ha on that ass. That's crazy. What a transition. Oh my God, what a transition. I'm so sorry. I don know What I did Wrong. I'm sorry mama. Oh no It wasn't you. You didn't do anything wrong. Maybe that that's been what he wanted to be but, and he could be bi to be honest with you. He could just be bi 'cause you know they exist. You know That's very true. That's very true. But But he shoulda have you that choice. He definitely need Don't get a day because he shoulda gave you That choice.


You right.


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bow and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey Fa, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Zero waste. Camping isn't always easy. You've gotta find the right gear that's durable, sustainable and won't actually end up in a landfill once it's worn out. That's why Little Camper makes it easy to choose zero waste propane for your next camping trip, pick the exchangeable zero waste one pound propane cylinder. Find a retailer at Little Camper with a k.com/outdoor. That's little camper with a k.com/outdoor. Little camper. What fuels you?


Sorry about that. Yeah, so I caught him on the The Jack app. The Jack app. Oh Jack. Jack is oh he's really in it. He's outside. What hell is the Jack app? The Jack app is for is for the girls. And what were you Doing on the Jack app? She was trying to figure out why her man was on there. Yo, It's the app where you can track if your guy is gay. No, it's the Jack app is it's like you can be in a location and you on Jack and you can put your location and you can see who's in your area that wants to like hook up, link up with all that Type of Oh and that's for gays and Streets. Right? It's not just the pride. I don't know straight people that go on Jack deal. Sheena, we have a gay in the House for everyone who's in the community. So how did you know to even check that? Well like what gave you a sign that he was gay. Okay, let me tell you what he did. Okay, so I'm, I walked in the room.


No man should have they legs up. Okay. I don't care what anybody tell me. He gone, no man should have they legs up and be comfortable like That. He liked, he'd like a little butt action. That don't mean him, he's gay. But you walked in the room and he had his legs up waiting for you Or I, I don't know if it was for me. I honestly I should have put on my cousin clothes to act like I was the man. Dang. Because I didn't know what was happening. Oh okay. Would you get back with him? No. Okay. Okay. All right. Well, well I'm sorry mama. I'm sorry. I have to go through that. So the, that that goes to him and 'cause he is the father of my child. Oh, that's so different. It's different. It's different.


Y'all got a boy or girl? We have a daughter. Okay. Okay. That's okay. All right. No, that's not safe. Okay. Thank you Jesus. We should have asked his name And I ain't run. Put him on blast like that. Hello? Who's this? Rio. Rio. Good morning Envy. Just Lauren Morgan. How y'all doing this morning? What's Up Rio? Who you giving donkey to? I got a double donkey if I could for one. I want to give a donkey out to my cousin and her bad little kids. Alright. It is what's going on? My mom got a little dog annabell and then my cousin was misplaced. My mom let him in the house so they staying there with her and another son. He like seven to eight years old. Boys gonna be boys but he ended up breaking Annabelle leg.


My mama's 70 years old and she a good Christian woman but she can't afford to get the surgery done to get the, because she gotta go page. That's the first part. But I really want to just get her donkeys to the little bad little boy. But if anybody on on the platform or listeners you can go to Cindy C-I-N-D-Y Burgess B-U-R-T-E-S-S. Brown. And if y'all help my mom get the dog leg, I appreciate it. I told the God in the healing business, she didn't think I was funny so I said I'll come to The Breakfast Club with it. Alright. I'm my second donkey going to go to Tuby.


Me and y'all doing great on the tv but I think y'all can put more segments in like the dump the other day. Get it off your chest just with my mess. It's more segments that y'all can put into it if y'all want. Get Toby the big, see how. Okay, but not on Following up On Tubby. It depends who the interview is. So sometimes we do interviews, sometimes we do the segments. There's two different formats. So definitely salute to Tubi and definitely check us. You could watch it on Tubi each and every day. Donkey of the Day. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You could give Donkey of the Day to whoever you want. Now when we come back, now when Jones was up here, Ms. Jones just joined us. Yeah she was talking about some odd jobs she did to pay the bills.


Right. I tell you that when I spoke to her, she was doing these surveys and these surveys would pay her money where she could, you know, pay for her kids food and pay for rent and all this other stuff. And she said she would wear a wig. So she would go home, put on a different wig and then fill out another survey to come home, fill out a wig. And it was that tough for her 'cause she gave up music. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the craziest thing you did to make some money? Legal? Well I don't know if that's legal though. Yeah, but what's the craziest thing you did to make some money? Let's leave it at that. I'll ask you when you come back. I know you did some crazy stuff and she you smiling so I know you must have did some wild stuff. We'll get to it. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Pull out. Pull out your, pull out your phone. Call in right now. Call me.


Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club steady calling my phone, my phone. Tell Magic it's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. Now if you're just joining us, we interviewed Ms. Jones and when I was talking to Ms. Jones 'cause we haven't spoken in a long time and she was telling me to make money and to make sure that she was able to feed her kids. She used to do these surveys and to do these surveys.


I guess they pay you a certain amount of money to to do these surveys and then she would go home, put on a wig and go right back and do it again. And then she would go home and then put on a long wig or a red wig and go right back and do it again. That's right because she had to make sure she took care of her family. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the craziest, weirdest thing you did to make some money? What about you See the crazy, it ain't nothing weird that I ever did. Well you know I was a sugar baby for a little minute And I was, you know I was out here with with, I had this old guy right. I had a sugar daddy. How old was he was crazy. He was like 65, 66 something. Jesus Christ. Yep. And I was younger so it was crazy. I know he probably like 75 or dead now. Yeah. But it was a white dude. Dang. He had a lot of money and yeah, below his waist didn't work.


He was a, he was paralyzed like parag a long, long time ago. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I ain't really had to do nothing but work up top. So I was like, okay. Yeah. And it was like, but Work is there to do up top, You know, just kissing, making out, playing with his nipples, you know, like things like that. He liked things like that. He liked for me to choke him like with like he would have like the, he really liked bondage, he liked all that 'cause nothing worked down outside. But he loved being abused And I loved it 'cause he was white. Why not? Why did, why did y'all break up? Because I was done. He wasn't about to be my, I'm sorry What? Sorry, I'm just asking. He wasn't gonna be my man. Oh right. My husband, I grew out of all that money. Sorry, Sorry. Alright. Alright. And once I racked up enough I was good, you know I was good but I know somebody close to me used to do sleep studies for money.


What you mean like sleep studies? Like yo, you like John, they would go to John Hopkins Hospital and let the, the people plan they brain, they put you to sleep. It's different sleep studies like is one you, you like a five day one you'll be asleep. Like they'll put you to sleep every day and they're going to experiment on your brain and they pay you to do it and they make you sign something. Right. That is like, you can't sue us if, if you, if this affects you later on down the line. Really crazy. Like people do studies for money. That's Crazy. Yeah, that's crazy. Let's go to the phone line. I ain't do nothing crazy. I just did telemarketing. That's as crazy as I would. That's it. That ain't even that crazy. I think you holding back on something. I do. I didn't do nothing. Alright. Hello. Who's this? Yo, Good morning. Good morning. It's DJ Easy. What's the word? Envy?


Easy. What's up man? What's the craziest thing you did for money? Yo, when I used to live in Fayetteville, I used to sell pizza and sell blood at the same time. That was like the main hustle for me down there when I was down There. What you mean pizza and blood? Like blood on the pizza or separately? No man, not blood on the pizza. Like I was working for dominoes and right after my domino shift I would go to the plasma center and sell all my blood and then, And I was running that for a while. I was doing that for a while. How much would they give you for blood? Wow. It would be like, it would be like $50 every time you would go in. So like you would have to wait maybe like an hour, two hours before you could go back in again. So You go in there numerous times a day. Emini here a hustle is a hustle now. I think the, the cap was two times a day. The cap was two times a day. But now that was the hustler And you never passed out like nothing.


Now I'm a, I'm a soldier now I'm selling head wraps, you know what I'm saying? Now I'm selling brown girl grinded head wraps. Hold on. No, 'cause I own, what's your website? Everything can get from, everything you could get is on off my Instagram. He said you had to pay for that Ever. I for the whole crew. I own that. That trademark Easy. Good luck. 'cause Lauren's gonna sue you. Thank you though. Yes, she going win. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Reese. Hey Reese. What's the craziest thing you did for some money? Okay, So when I was an undergrad I had a paper route And I would go to the club, then I would go pick up my son and then we would go get the papers and we would be out until like five 30 in the morning.


Then I would drop 'em off at daycare And I would go to class. A paper route ain't too crazy. I know that a lot of people used to do paper routes. You don't think that's crazy for a whole grownup? People used to laugh at me. Nah, because I see people doing paper route now what pisses me off about the paper route now is when y'all throw the papers and it rains and now the papers all disgusting in front of my lawn wet and all that. Was she besides that, I ain't mad at that. See back in The day, back in the day we had little blue bags. Yeah, your Papers wouldn't Get wet. Nah, no blue bags now. But that ain't that crazy. Thank you. My nah. Hello? Who's this? Hi, this is Stacy again. How you doing? Hey Stacy, happy Pride. Hey Stacy. Oh my God. Here we go. Okay, so wait real quick. So I always been like a hustler. Like I always been about my money even when I was little.


So I grew up in Brownsville. I don't know if y'all know about Brownsville, but everybody knows that you don't go in that neighborhood if you don't live there. I used to put up flyers in a building. I used to go to the store called People Choice. I used to pack bags there. They used to pay us to put flyers in the building. Right. So that's like the craziest thing I ever did. Now mind you, I never got robbed doing it, but I got robbed like three times in my own neighborhood. Damn. So that was very dangerous for me to be, but yeah. Right, because I always went about my money. One other thing, I just wanna touch on this topic about the lady who said that she lost her boyfriend to Jack. Not that I know anything about it, but Jack is a gay app.


It is To where we, Jack is a gay app to where they You we Listen. Oh it's alright Stacey. Stacy, listen. You know about Jack, you know, you know you know about PAs. Oh yeah, I know all about Jack. You know about PAs. Yeah, I know about all that stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know about, I know about all that stuff. But yes. So yeah, if y'all ladies want to know if your man is DL or Bey or anything, go on his phone and go on Jack. And if he got a jet that, Thank You Stacey. Thank you Stacey. Thank you. Yeah, sure. Y'all have a Wait Jess, you're gonna be there Friday, right? Yes sir. I'm gonna be there. My cupcakes gonna be here. Okay. Yeah, no. Yes. Listen, I'm baking them Thursday night.


I got you. Okay. Thank you baby. All right. No, but thank you. Y'all have a good day. You too. All Stacey C Friday. Yes. Now if he's just joining us, salute to Ms. Jones. She was on the show earlier talking about a a odd job that she had to pay the bills. Let's listen. So for Jones to make money, she would do surveys. She go home, put on a wig and do the survey again, then go home, put on another wig and do the survey again. So she would've wear three different wigs. Might to get paid to do. Oh, Don't go blowing up the shit baby at this point. But you had to feed your baby. Damn. Look, he's learning stuff now. So we get paid. Oh, he crying too. We all in here crying. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


What's the odd job you did to make some money? Now what about you Lauren? My odd jobs were always like real careers. Oh. Like I was a flight for real. I was a flight attendant. I did marketing for Barclays. I've lived, I was a publicist. I've lived some lives. Yeah. I, Like I said, I worked for the US Open. I, I did tell a market And I ain't do nothing too, too crazy. But I was a pilot. I did, you know, I was a commissioner. I love Who's this? Isha. Hey Isha. What's the a crazy thing you did to make some money? So when I graduated high school, I went on credit, got a interview with this place that said it was a spa in downtown Manhattan. It was good money.


It was $15 an hour, 2004 when I got there, it was a receptionist job, but it wasn't exactly a spa, spa, it was a place where men got enema. I had to read off a script. They saved men's under parts. It's very interesting. Wow. So it was, they had, they had happy endings in there too as well. I'm figuring that. I wasn't in the room with them, but I'm sure they did. Mm. Okay. But you stayed there and got your money though, huh? Period. I did that for like two weeks and then it got a little uncomfortable because the call, they would ask for me. Oh, Wow. Wow, wow. And yeah, I wasn't into that.


Not Trying to, that's crazy. Yeah. You ain't trying to do that. Thank you, mama. Hello. Who's this? It's TC Pc. What's up? What's the craziest thing you, you did to make some bread? I Worked as a securities guard and then they had me start doing videography at a sex club. Where was the sex club? It's in Vegas. On Vegas. So you did security. It Started at a green door. The green door. What? Celebrities? Yeah, sure. What celebrities would be in there? No, celebrities. It's a bunch of different people out the porno industry. I don't know none of their names. You, you have run into the Punisher, Jesus Christ. Oh. Just thinking. We had a couple that used to come in there and do the same thing. The guy had let everybody in the club finish on his girl and then they would go into a private room.


See, see, it's a thing, y'all. It's a Category. Wait, is a fet is a fetish. Did He's not the only one. Yes, That's what I'm saying. Hello. Who's this? Hi, I'm a, this is tweet And I was just calling to tell y'all the craziest thing I ever did for money back in my day. Well, First of all, I went to a Trick's house. Hold On, hold on. First of all, we know your name's not tweaked because we got call id. I see your name or we not gonna say it. Okay. Don't say, because I don't want my mama to hear this. Okay. So, so what you did to make some money? I Then went to a trick, went to the house. Money was a little short. I had to make him go upstairs to get his mama and write my check. So wait a minute. You wasn't escort the guy paid you, but it wasn't enough money. So you made him go back in the house and, and his mama got a check from his mama.


Yeah, because I wasn't leaving without it. And she said, well, damn, how much did she, well, I need all my money. How much you charged him and, and what you did well Back then, you know, that was years ago. That was years ago. 30, 40 years ago. How much did you charge him, ma'am? Right. Well, I, well, he was short 60. It was one 60 and he was short 60. How would you, how much would you charge him a day with inflation? Well, The In what time? How much would you charge him today? You said that was years ago. Oh, girl, I, you know what? It ain't no enough. They got, it's too much going on. Ain't no enough now. Ain't no Enough. Yeah, I, I hope you retired by now. 'cause you would be a older trick. Okay? Yes, yes, yes. God, it's good. Look at him. There you go. All right, have a good one.


All right. Y'all too. Wow. What's the ball of the story? Do what you want do as long as it don't get you in jail. Have a couple wigs. Yo, y'all are stupid. All right, for real. When we come back, we got the latest with Lauren. What we talking about? We talking Pusha T and the clips. 'cause he's throwing shots at another rapper. And we, we talked to people yesterday to listen to the lyrics and now we know, know exactly who we know exactly who Push T coming at was Talking about Little Mama. He said, the lip gloss ain't, I said, oh well little Mama To deal. Shut up. We'll get to it. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren.


Lauren Becoming the street Face Up man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She Gets into Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on Lord the Latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's The latest On The Breakfast Club? Me. Okay, so yesterday, here in The Breakfast Club, we dropped The World Wide Exclusive where we played a new song called, so Be It From the clips from the new album. Let God Sort Him out, coming on July 11th. Now Envy told y'all yesterday. Listen to the lyrics. Listen to the lyrics, because Pusha T was taking shots at somebody.


Wow. I hit Lord mama. I said, what did you Do to Pusha? Because you heard the lip What you talking About? So, yeah. Now we not He not talking about Lord Mama. I know y'all was thinking the same thing. No, he's actually talking about Travis Scott. So Pusha T is throwing some shots at Travis Scott in that Your mic went off. Your mic went off. We gotta plug it in. I don't know what just happened. There you go. Now say something. Pusha T actually, oh, Pusha T was talking to Travis Scott in that verse, and he actually sat down and explained why he came at Pusha T in that verse. He sat down with the New York Times Podcast. Podcast. Let's take a listen to Pusha T. He's shameless. It all came from actually being in Paris, came through carrying the, you know, the utopia briefcase.


He comes, he, he interrupts the, the, the session. The next day, the meltdown verse or whatever comes, comes on, you know, Scott talking about, talking about the melting Ps of jewelry Yeah. And all of that. Yeah. That was a corny, like you shouldn't have been here anyway. And then to like, you know, to come back in our fold to make a point of, yeah. To invade the fold. And then, you know, do all that he did was like, man, I was corny. He's shameless. He does it. You you've seen him do it to everybody. I've definitely had to put my hand on your shoulder before you died in front of me. You cried in front of me. Calabasas took your, in your pride in front of me. I had to help you people take that type of for granted.


Yeah. So he, he said he felt a way. And so, So to break it down for, in layman's terms, yes. He, Travis got played, allegedly played push of t and m, his project, his album, and didn't play that Drake verse. Yes. Then the next day they're saying that the Drake verse came out and it was like, bro, we just played the whole thing. You never played this. And I thought we was cool. And yes, Pusha just, that's what Pusha d He fought away. Now the Drake's Emini here, the Drake, the verse specifically he's talking about was from Meltdown. And the reason why he fought away is because Drake not only took a shot at Pusha T in that, but he took a shot at Pharrell. Let's took a listen. But in that verse that y'all just heard from Drake, he's referencing the nerd chains and the different chains that he wearing a jumbotron video that were previously Pharrell's.


And he said He melted them Down. Yeah, he melted them down. Now, push T also talked to GQ about this because when the verse came out and people started to pick up on the fact that he was talking about Travis people of course started saying, well, push T does this every time he drops music. And specifically when Pusha t talked to gq, he said, it's not about him. He, he said, it's not about him, you know, trying to do things for shot value. He said for the last couple years he's only been wearing clothes. He don't basically, I don't bother nobody. But he said, it's like, you know, people go out of their way and then you do something like Meltdown and you bring it to our house where you play it for Pharrell, you play it for me and my brother, him and Malice we're in the LV studio headquarters and y'all leave off a verse and then it's like basically like you're playing in our face type of thing.


Yeah. So we don't bother, y'all don't bother us and don't bring that home. Like we, we, he said, I got away from Kanye, I got away from all the goofy things that y'all in invol indulge yourselves in. But when it comes to you firing at my camp, I don't take it lightly. And I think Go ahead. And I also think there was a old way of doing stuff. Right? The old way of doing stuff was you only, when you clap back at somebody, you clap back on your own album and your own project, you didn't step outta your realm to do it. And Right. That's what I think is doing it. 'cause it brings anticipation to the album, the project. And now what? I can't wait to hear the whole album. Yeah, A hundred percent. Because He's shooting. Oh yeah, he's definitely shooting. Do we have our next clip in for the next story? Yes. Okay, great. Ooh, God is good.


So this just happened. We, okay, so Angie Martinez, she has her in Real Life podcast. Shout to Angie more. Yes. That airs on her YouTube channel. Her Angie Martinez YouTube channel. And today at noon Eastern Standard Time, she's gonna be dropping a interview with Angela Simmons. Hmm. Angela Simmons announces on that podcast that her and Yo Gotti are no longer together. Let's take a listen. Hmm. Angela Simmons. Are you telling me right now you're in your single girl era again? Not by choice, but you know, I respect him. It's all love. Like it's not your choice. I, I wouldn't have chose it, but it was what was best. But I wouldn't have chose it. No. What are you saying to me right now? Angela Simmons? I'm saying that I'm a lover.


I love, love, I love relationships. This Man proclaimed that he wanted to get with Angela Simmons, this man like pursued you. So you're not telling me that he, that he ended, did he end the relationship or did? No, it was my choice. You know, I just, I had to make a decision. Was there heartbreaking involved? Yeah. Yeah. It's hard. I feel like for me with relationships, 'cause I get really invested like in, when I'm in love, I'm in love. Like, which means like I, I'm staying with you. But yeah, my feeling's, you know, it didn't feel good to not do, to not be with 'em. Damn. Yo. I know. So they broke up. Yes. And again, that interview, did You call Angie Moore and ask if she wanted that part put out there? Or did you just steal it like you stole everything else? Oh, no, no, no.


Angie Martinez is an icon. Not that the clips are not, but you handled that differently than you handled Angie. Do you handle Angie Martinez? So period, just making it Sure. I did make the calls to not Emini here. Maybe not even her, but to who I need them to talk to to make sure that, you know, this was a fair, like they knew what was happening. Giving people a heads up because this is, Don't let Angie come outta retire and have to give two piece shoot. I'm never let you know that she'll come up paying two piece. Shoot, she comes out retire. No, no, no, no, no. We did things correctly here at the latest with Lauren. The Rosa in The Breakfast Club. Yeah. Just making sure. But make sure you guys go and listen to that interview in full because there have been these like cryptic things that have been happening, right? Like Angie, not Angie, Angela Simmons had posted I want what once meet in life in all areas with Flows. Flows with goals. Goals to her Instagram. And people were like, wait, are they broken up?


Yo Gotti took a trip to, I believe it was in London, he took a trip to, and we didn't see her. And y'all know they always together and they're like, wait, did they break up? So now she's actually sitting down and talking about it. And I think a lot of us were so happy for them, right? Yeah. Like that. Yo, he Had a crush on her. He chased her like he wanted her and she finally gave him a chance. And then what, what happened? Oh no, we don't even, we don't even know what happened. Do we? We gotta find out on the, is it on? Is it gonna be on the interview? The full interview on Angie Martinez YouTube. You Have to watch the See I have heard some Shut your mouth Rumblings. But we won't get into it here. But We The rumblings. Yeah, we'll hear at wish rate. You're crazy. Will you hear the word rumblings? Oh yeah. We'll take a, we'll we'll watch the interview and then we'll come back. I said we done. It's over.


I don got no more. Lauren will go too far sometimes. So you gotta, you gotta pull it back. You gotta reel it back in. Thank you. You did. All right. Now that was the latest with Lauren Paul McCartney birthday. So Name of Paul McCartney song. Come on Avy. You always the one with him and Michael Jackson. Damn girl is mine. Or the Dogg on Girl is mine. Ain't that Paul McCartney? Michael Jackson. That is Paul. Yes Paul. There we go. McCartney. You thought she didn't know? I Didn't think she But that's an easy one for Michael Jackson. All right, now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mixes to breakfast cloak. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody Is DJ Envy, just Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now tomorrow Juneteenth, shout to everybody that's doing Juneteenth celebrations.


Lauren and myself will be hosting a panel and the American Dream Mall in Jersey. Yes sir. And then tomorrow evening, afternoon, I'm going to Queens Roy Wilkins Park in Queens. They're having a huge celebration. They're expecting like eight to 10,000 people. It's all free. So come on out. They're gonna have free rides. It's all free, all free DJ's, music, and just a good time. Just a, a great celebration. And I'm bringing a bunch of special guest for my DJ set to perform for everybody out there. So I wanna look to everybody in Queens. I don't want to say the names of the people performing 'cause there's so many people coming and yeah, just in case somebody doesn't come, I don't wanna say this person and this person comes and this person, this person comes, but it's gonna be a huge celebration. A lot of New York artists, a lot of artists from all over the place that are gonna be coming to to perform.


So get there early, we'll have a good time and it's all free. All in fun. All right, now Jess, this weekend. Where you at? I'm Buffalo, New York. Y'all at the Haley m Comedy Club? We got two shows on Friday. Two shows on Saturday. Get your tickets@jessofficial.com. They are going fast. I think Saturday is already sold out for the second show, the late show. And I will be doing meet and greet at every late show. So that's the nine 30 show on Saturday and the nine o'clock show on Friday. Yeah, get your tickets. Can't wait to see you Buffalo. All right. And also this week, And I'm gonna be in Canada, Winnipeg on Friday, Saturday Albany. So salutes everybody in Albany. I can't wait to see you guys now Jess, you got a positive note? I do.


If you gotta do something strange for a piece of change, don't feel bad. What? Because people gotta do strange things for money envy. And they shouldn't feel bad about it. It's about the mental health is what she was saying. Yeah, because it's also Men's Mental Health Month. And if they out here popping it because they need it, they need some money, what else you expect for them to do? Alright, Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


Zero Waste. Camping isn't always easy. You've gotta find the right gear that's durable, sustainable, and won't actually end up in a landfill once it's worn out. That's why Little Camper makes it easy to choose zero waste propane. For your next camping trip, pick the Exchangeable zero waste one pound propane cylinder. Find a retailer at Little Camper with a k.com/outdoor. That's Little Camper with a k.com/outdoor. Little camper. What fuels you?


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Future health Weight loss WA ozempic but can't afford thousands a month. You need Wegovy for $399, all in no hidden fees. The only FDA approved GLP-1 for weight loss at the lowest price. Yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time, no insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While Future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com future without the e Future Health Weight Loss Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed to providers discretion,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.