
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected Life


In this election. We each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America, and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. I'm Gonna keep on running because winner don't quit on themselves, Paid for by Harris for President


State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive can prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and owner's manual for additional information Always take care of cargo.


DJ is hilarious and they're listen to The Breakfast Club. Thank y'all being like cultural leaders, family. The. Breakfast Club is where people get the information on the topics on the artist and everything like that. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like you guys. Let's not go watch. You're locked into the world's most dangerous Moment. Show more dangerous than the Bronx If. you wanna break this flu? You ain't gonna bring it 120. Might as well not come up here. Jesus. This what y'all do up to. That's right. Get up out the beds and listen to the greatest show on Earth. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo, yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo Yo.


Just hilarious is out. What up Long LaRosa? Good morning, y'all. Charlamagne the guy. Peace To the planet is Monday. No peace to The planet. Friday. It's Friday. You confused. Hey, to start the top of the bottom. Sometimes you just don't know the difference. So don't take me back to the top of this. You Can be verse, huh? What You say? Oh, your verse. How y'all doing this morning, man? How y'all feel? Skip over there. The bottom over there. Don't skip over There. How y'all feel? Man, I am blessed black and highly favored man. In the bottom. Huh? Happy to be here. Charlemagne starts early this morning. We walked in together. Right? I was lying open, walked In together where y'all was coming from. You Walked together. I was on the phone. I wasn't even paying you no Attention. So I, I go to open up the door for my brother 'cause he's on the phone. He goes on the phone.


I don't even know who he's talking to. Don't be looking at my butt when I walk. I'm like, Jesus. He's lying. You Just wake up like that. Just wake up gay. Just, just What? Wake up Gay. Just wake up like, I mean, If. you gay. I'm sure you wake up gay. I'm not gay though. But You know sl. Everybody wake up gay this morning. Top or bottom Verse. How y'all feel, man? How you feeling? How you feeling, Lauren? How You feel? Ll cool, babe? I feel great. I'm happy It's Friday. Yes. Okay. And. I got my makeup fully done before the show started today. You got your No. What? My, you don't have my name? No. Your hair Done. No. That ain't done. My hair's Getting done on Saturday. Not too much on me. You see that little cha cha in the back? Huh? You didn't see all that fur back then? Not Too much on Me. Listen, yesterday I thought Lauren was getting attacked by an animal because I was looking at him, but it was her reflections.


No, listen, Listen, Listen. I was sitting on the couch and we was talking. I, I don't know what we was talking about, but You know how we be like having like heartfelt moments after the show. He gonna look up and say, I thought it was an animal behind you. I Did. Jesus. I did. Not too much on my girl. She's gonna come up on Saturday. Shout out to Crazy Growth. The crazy growth is it's happening. The treatments and all that. That's her name. Crazy Growth. That's the name of her brand. 'cause she specializes in natural haircare. So she does like full treatments before she does the braid and all that good stuff. So shout out to Crazy Girl Beauty Bar. Don't be coming for my girl. It don't look crazy though. I just was lying. I'm not asking you. Did it look crazy little? I dunno if anybody asked a little bit. I don't dunno if anybody asked. All right. Well today on the show, Rema will be joining us. It was, I'm sorry.


Rema will be joining. That's how you pronounce it. Rema will be joining us. Rema Is an amazing artist from Nigeria. Yes. Oh, he got a new album out right now called He Is. That's Right. And also Fawn Weaver. She's the CEO of Uncle Nearest Whiskey. Lemme tell you something, there is nothing I, I love stories like Fawn Weaver You know when you've been doing The Breakfast Club. As long as we've been doing The Breakfast Club. We've seen so many things from the beginning. Yeah. Right. So Fawn Weaver came up here 77 years ago and she was telling us about this new whiskey line she was launching called Uncle Nears. That's right. Seven years later, that line is worth $1.1 billion. You know she's a black woman. If. you read Beyonce's GQ magazine article. You saw her talking about Fa Weaver in there. So we'll have fun on this morning.


She's got a new book out now called Loving Whiskey. That's Right. Yep. Wait, she seven years ago, you still haven't tried the whiskey? No. Never drunk whiskey. Mm. I'm gonna try it for the first time this weekend. You don't support Black women? No, I just don't drink whiskey. But I'm gonna drink whiskey this weekend though. You never had an old fashioned I have had a old fashioned That's fast Whiskey in the old fashion know. No, But he means like really tasting it, Right? Yeah. I didn't know Bourbon and whiskey were the same thing. I had the old fashioned with bourbon. Ah, Okay. Yeah. Due to my guy Lamont. He's got a spot in Charles, South Carolina called Bourbons in Bubbles. Okay. Yes. Alright. That's why I had a old fashioned at. Well, Let's get the show Crack and we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us and don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ nv, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Law LaRosa. Filling in for Jess.


And let's get in some front page news. Let's start off with some quick sports. Last night the Buffalo Bills beat. The Dolphins 31 10, but their quarterback tour suffers another concussion. Damn. He gonna have to retire then Another concussion. Damn. Where he had to be taking out the game. I didn't, I didn't watch it last night. It was, What quarter was it? It was, I believe it was the third, third quarter. Right. And You know who hit him. Who? Hamlin. No. Who? Yeah. Hamlin was the one that he ran into and got the concussion. No. And football is a dangerous sport. Boy. Football is really a Blush sport. Crazy. Now he's only what? That's crazy. Two is only like, what, 26 years old. I, he just signed a $212 million deal. 93 million is guaranteed. So he might just want to, he might Retire. Might wanna walk away. Where?


Bond, because You know he Has a family. You know. You gotta think about 36 and you gotta think about 46. Right? You gotta think about 56. You don't wanna be 56 years old. You know, shaking and drooling on yourself. No, The athletes don't be wanting to not play though. I was thinking the same thing. He might might he wanting to play. Well it gets to a point. He's been injured so many times. This is like his what? Fifth, sixth or seventh? Concussion. Is it That many? I don't know that many. Yes. Yeah. Three. Three, Four. He's a fourth Concussion. Three. Three. Four. Three or four. Three or four. Concussions. Well, one Too many. Yeah. One too many. All right. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Friday. Cheers to the mother effing weekend. And it's Friday the 13th. So Vice President Harris. Yeah. She's back on the campaign trail following Tuesday's debate.


She held a rally in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday afternoon. And she touted recent endorsements from high profile conservatives in addition to addressing Tuesday's debate against former President Trump. Let's hear those comments from Harris at Rally in North Carolina. Former Vice President Dick Cheney and Congresswoman Liz Cheney are supporting me as well. Because this election and what is at stake could not be more important. On Tuesday night, I talked about issues that I know matter to families across America. It was the same old show, that same tired playbook that we've heard for years with no plans for how he would address the needs of the American people.


Of course she is referencing former president Donald Trump. You know the Republican nominee. Now Harris is once again calling for a second debate with the former president and says candidates owe it to voters. Now, Trump claimed polls clearly show he won the debate. And the first words out of a prize fighter when they lose is, I wanna rematch. Now, the former president said Harris no showed at a debate with Fox News that was not scheduled. So that's not true. Anne refused to do ones with NBC and CBS. He said she should focus on her job as vice president instead of wanting another debate. There's also been reports saying that Trump is not interested in doing another debate. Did The, did the American people need another debate or have we seen enough?


I, I wonder. We've seen enough. I wonder. I think we've seen Enough. But I was thinking about this yesterday. I was watching CNN and they were talking about this And I think it's just strategy for her. Because I feel like with Biden he did a lot of toting back and forth with Donald Trump, but not directly with her. I think she wants to keep leaning in on the contrast of like how sharp she is because she has that advantage over him. And you see it clearly when they're together and he Looks like the madman. Yeah, he looked like the old drooling, dribbling madman now. Yeah. But when they're just on two different sides, it's like, it's not as clear for some people. So I think she just wants to keep driving that home versus the interviewing stuff. He still looks like the madman regardless. He does. Yeah. And I His people. They like that. And I, And I know the basis of the party have pretty much made up their minds. But have the undecided have the independence.


I don't know because what I'm learning more and more every day is that a lot of excitement around the, the vice president is, is largely in the party and excitement in the party is, is not gonna be enough to win an election in November. Yeah. Well Speaking of Mad Men, former President Donald Trump, he's doubling down on claims that Haitian immigrants in Springfield, Ohio are still stealing people's pets and eating them. He made those comments during a rally yesterday in Tucson, Arizona. His first, since the two Tuesday's debate, Trump said the Haitian immigrants were destroying Springfield residents way of life. He claimed during the debate against Harris that immigrants in Springfield were eating dogs and cats. And he also said that history will not treat President Biden well, let's hear those comments from Trump at his rally in Arizona.


They take in the geese You know where the geese are in the park, in the leg, and even walking off with their pets. My dog's been taken. Biden and Kamala. This is the worst combination in the history of our country. We, the only one happy is Jimmy Carter because he's no longer referred to as the worst president in history. This is just absolutely terrible. He always looks like a madman. Always. It sounds like one. Yeah. So I say to all my Haitian massive men, Bule, And I saw a report. And I think it was, I don't know what the outlet is, but it's a Haitian outlet. And they were, they were talking about like crime that has increased toward ha Haitian people because of this.


This conversations really, In fact, there were a bomb threat. First of all, you not running you, you not committing no crimes against no Haitian people. Y'all think Haitian people as far from punks, are you out? Damn mine. You better them alone. You better leave the community alone. Alright. You know what that If you? If you think you just going to be committing crimes against Haitians? You out your rabid ass mind. Okay, around to find out. Yeah. You better leave 'em alone if You know what I know. Well this comes as details of have been released after a bomb threat in Springfield, Ohio led to the evacuation of city hall officials say that threat was emailed to multiple city FA facilities on Thursday morning, including some schools. Springfield Mayor Rob Ru told reporters that the threat used hateful language toward immigrants and Haitians in the area.


Of course, this comes two days after the debate and regards to those comments that former President Trump made. Springfield City, city Mayor says it's disappointing that the narrative surrounding our city has been skewed by misinformation circulating on social media and further amplified by political rhetoric. All you gotta do is get a piece of Donald Trump's head to the right. Haitian, okay? Yeah. Well there, there's some Haitians in Long Island called for apologies. We won't get into the audio, but let, let's just say the Haitians, like you said, they, they not have But Haitian tell you to say sorry. You better say sorry right then you gonna learn the hard way. Okay? Alright. Don't tell them nothing, don't tell 'em nothing. And that is front page news.


Thank you. Morgan will see you next hour. Yes indeed. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Bernie, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with is blessed. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? This is Anton from Miami Guard. Anton from Miami. What's up 3 0 5? What's happening? You Better believe it man. I want to talk about garbage ass poor man.


Somebody need to tell him to retire. Somebody need to tell Management don't blow it. I went to the game last night. Oh my goodness. Horrible. Why is he garbage? And they done pay, but he got, they done paid this man all this money. Why is he? For what? And we got all this talent. But why is he garbage for getting a concussion? He was playing bad before that. Yeah, he was playing bad man. The man done threw four picks already in two games. Now I'm not If. you get this man all this money. I'm not a Dolphins fan, but last year he made the Pro Bowl. He was the NFL passing y'all's leader. So all that means nothing for lashes. That's because of the talent he has on the team. He can't, so far, he can't throw a long distance ball the man garbage.


But y'all gave this man all his money. And then another thing I wanna say or make a comment on, the biggest A is Drake. They just rubbing it in his face. He gonna take the L all the way into 2025. He not American baby. He not like us baby. Anton, Lemme ask you a question. Lemme ask you a question. An Yeah. How you think I feel about my giants when they gave Dan New Jones all that money. Oh my goodness. Same game. Same game. I feel your pain brother. Have a good one. Good. Well, hello. Who's this? Good morning. Good morning. It's Bobby Fresh. What's up y'all? Second day in a row. What's up brother? Peace King. Get it up for your chest. Peace, peace people. Hey man, you ain't nothing on my chest, bro. I woke up happy, blessed, and alive today bro.


Ain't nothing to be mad about. I love y'all. Have a great weekend. Alright Bro. That's the kind of energy. Yo, yo, yo. Before I let y'all go though, man. Yo, y'all gotta check me out. I think I got some music. Y'all might like. Okay. Where's that? Gotta look me up man. It's on. I'm actually everywhere bro. The s is a dollar sign. The what? The s my name Bobby Fresh. Okay, Bobby. Fresh on all platforms. Okay. On all platforms. I am Bobby Fresh. Alright Brother. Hello. Who's this Morning? This is Paul. How you guys doing? What's up Paul? Get it off your chest. Paul. Hi Paul. How are you? Good doing Change your voice like that. Good. Hi buddy. Hey, just wanted to give a quick shout out to, to me and my wife. We've been married 10 years this past Sunday.


And I wanted to give a lot of credit to to you guys too. Reading both of your guys' books. Charla, multiple of your books. I I read every one of 'em. Thank you. And Envy reading your book too. It it's, it's helped out a lot guys. Thank you. It really has. Thank You. Thank you. Well, well I Appreciate it. It's, no, I think, I think having, having you guys be so vulnerable in a lot of the stuff that you guys have been through and stuff that has helped you guys out and Uncle Sharla your push on mental health. It, it, it really helped me focus on, on reaching better for myself and then, and then really breaking that generational curse. We, we both grew up with broken families and then having us both be able to, to stick it through no matter what we went through.


You know. It's, it's really creating a change for our kids too. So I I wanted to give you guys a shout out for that. And. I. Really appreciate it. Appreciate, Thank you so Much. Appreciate that my brother. That's what it's about, man. Thank you very much. No, absolutely. Uncle Shaw. Look, I was wondering, can I please, please get a hookup with the book? I I have, I have your other book, but I haven't had this, this, this third one by chance. Eddie, Hold on mind. I read it. I got you. I got you. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna send you a copy again. Honest to Die Line Watch Small Talk sucks. We gonna put you on hold and get your address. Hold On. Okay. Absolutely. Thank you guys. Hey, Salute everybody in New Orleans too. I'm gonna be in New Orleans on September 20th at Baldwin and company books at seven 30 signing copies of my new book. Get Honest to Die Lying. And, and I'll be in conversation, having a conversation about my new book. Get Honest to Die Lying. Why Small Talk Sucks.


So September 20th, I'll be in New Orleans at Baldwin and company books at 7:30 PM Yes. And we just actually, me and my wife just wrapped up our, our next book is Real Life Real Family. We talk about raising our six kids and You know we got kids that at the ages of a 23-year-old, which is my oldest and two years old, which is my youngest. We just talk about raising them. The journey and all that other stuff. All right, so you could pre-order that soon. Your snapback game is crazy. 23 and two and she looked like that. No surgeries. No. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up ass.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this Hia Darby. How y'all doing this morning please? How are you? How you off your chest? I wanna get off my chest that I'm so tired of the public corruption. The developers, the lawyers, the judges, they all in bed together. And they took my small black owned business storefront without any paperwork whatsoever. Damn. How they do that? How they do that? They get the sheriff and they put a fraudulent document on my door when I called the police. He said, I never saw a paper like this in my life.


And when he went back to investigate it, the chief told him I can't get involved in Civil Matters. And I had attorneys and they're not small either. This was a big law firm. Where you calling from? So I'm out of Eastern Pennsylvania, which is right across the border in New Jersey. We are very prominent black-owned business. And actually Charlemagne, we catered the Daily Show. But you were on there. We gave y'all our, our puddings. Well you purchased them for the staff. Oh yeah, I remember that. Hell yeah. Yes, yes. It's, I mean, it's a horrible situation. And we're now pro se litigants for the last year. And I'm gonna tell you, we're whooping their ass. I don't know if I could curse, but we are getting far, we're going to get either damages or our store back, but it's a huge hole on our family and You know, the one thing I also wanna urge is for black people or people of color that are going into the legal profession.


Personal injury is great, but it's really low hanging fruit. We need more people in constitutional law. And that's what I'm gonna be doing going back to school to become a lawyer after this. Hey listen, give 'em your website. I want everybody to go to your website and, and, and, and order some pudding or order something. 'cause I know you gonna need help with them. Legal fees. Thank you. Thank you. It's ww.ksas.com. K-H-A-N-I-S-A. Or you could just google the pudding bar. We are pretty prominent. We work with the NBA, the Goat Shoe store, Nestle Daily Show, comedy Central. I mean our, our resume is great and we're still going.


We have a event coming up with the youth re-sentencing project project in Philly. They do great work from stopping children black and brown children from getting waved up in the court system. My husband, his, his Instagram is big daddy. He started rapping because this situation, and when I tell you he is amazing, he's amazing. So everybody check us out. Or the pudding bar. Hold On. What you mean? Oh, he started right, he did a dish record. Yeah, he did a dish record to them. Yo, it's about public corruption. We did, did like a public Corruption, not like a, Were calling out the city inspectors because the building was falling apart. So they retaliated against us because we needed to ensure the safety of our family and our customers.


So we did, I mean, it's a lot on our Instagram page. We got like 25,000 followers. Y'all could check us out. Listen, I want you to keep calling up here. Thank you mama. And keep us updated because I don't want them to be able to do that to you. Man, the kines is really good. That banana pudding was, was, was really phenomenal. I like the brown. The brown eagle law was good too. I'm not gonna front Thank you. My, my, my mouth is watering. Just thinking about it. Like I'm, I'm gonna, I know I'm gonna be on my edibles this weekend. That would be a nice little snack for the night of tomorrow. Yes. So we're from Jersey. We wanna take it home so that we could do the You know the recreational marijuana mix with our pudding. It's good. I got a dispensary opening in in, in Newark. In in later on You know.


Yeah, it's called Astoria sl. The Rayquan Ari Seller Suther jet and Josh listen, I want to, I want you up here with the puddings man. When can we get you up here? I'm gonna put you on hold to get your information. Yeah. You so old. Just playing your edible intake. I mean edibles this weekend. You gotta play, you gotta plan your edible intake. You gotta play what you putting in your body. You got You. know its exact exact time you have to take. So right. What time I'll be on My edible, Be on Saturday after Kids go to sleep. Once I know them kids snoring. You damn right. I take that edible. Then I watch me a nice movie and then the munchies kick in around midnight and then you go get your little late night snack. Get it off your chest When you're born in 1,978 like I am. You gotta plan stuff like you gonna learn. Lauren 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


We got just With the Mess with Laura LaRosa coming up. We do Cardi being Offset. Welcome their baby. So we're gonna get into all of that. Alright, we'll get into that. Nexus. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get to Chest With the Mess with Laura LaRosa.


They're taking black jobs. Black Jobs, huh? Well I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices probably not Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for you. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for President.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. And there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs to relax. And let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is real Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do. She don't spare nobody worldwide. Worldwide mess on The, Breakfast, Club. She's a And. I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me. We can finally talk about it. Cardi B and Offset have welcomed their baby girl into The World. Can we get some like chairs? Oh congrats To them. Drop on a cruise bond for body and offset baby number three for body, Right? Yes. So they welcome their baby girl into The World. I do not know the baby girl's name as of now, but Cardi B captioned a post where she like put photos up of her, offset the rest of her babies in the hospital.


Just You know holding the baby offset's, doing the skin to skin thing. And the caption was the prettiest little thing. She came into The World on 9 7 20 24. So for a while now, probably about a week now, fans and different people have been saying Cardi had the baby. Cardi had the baby that was during Fashion week, but nothing was confirmed. And now it is out there. Cardi B welcome. It's so much of a blessing whenever you hear about a, a woman having a healthy that's right delivery because the way the maternal death rate is set up, especially for black and brown women. Hey slut to Cardi, congrats To Cardi saying, and Cardi actually had some, she remember she talked about that freak accident that she had, that she was paralyzed for a little bit and it could have caused issues with her pregnancy. So yeah, congratulations to her. Now Lil Wayne, we had been talking all week long about the Super Bowl and the back and forth about the fact that Lil Wayne was not picked for Super Bowl 2025 in New Orleans and that Kendrick Lamar was.


But now we are actually hearing from little Wayne himself on how he felt. Let's take a listen. First of all, I want to say, forgive me for the delay and just the delay. I want to say I had to, first of all, I had to get strength enough to do this without breaking. I'm gonna say thank you to every voice, every opinion of all the care, all the love and the support out there is your, your words turn into to arms. And it held me up when, when I try to fall back, that hurt, hurt a lot. I blame myself for not being mentally prepared for a let down, for just automatically mentally putting myself in that position.


Like somebody told me that was my position. But y'all are amazing. It made me feel like shit. Not getting this, this opportunity. You guys reminded me that I ain't without y'all. I feel like I let all of y'all down by not getting that opportunity. But I'm working on me and I'm working. You know what was interesting in that for me. What to hear him say I'm working on me and I'm working because there has been a You know and Little Wayne is the go of what he does. Right. And he's very deserving of all of his career accolades thus far. But I think it seems like there's an inner conversation that he's having with himself about why he was not chosen. And there have been conversations online as his back and forth has been happening about times where You know Wayne didn't show up for shows or they feel like He didn't take it serious.


Walk stages or You know. Like we were expecting music and we didn't get it. And I think as an artist you probably deal with a lot that we don't know about. And it seems like in real time he's dealing with that. But he's still disappointed. He wanted the Super Bowl. He felt entitled to the Super Bowl 'cause it's in his city. So, And that video made me feel bad because we all know the feeling of wanting something and not getting it. But You know, like you just said, Lauren, what I love about Wayne, he didn't blame anyone but himself. Right. He said it was his fault because he had an expectation. Nobody promised him that opportunity. That's something we all wanted to see, right? That's a narrative that we created. You know, but that doesn't necessarily mean it was gonna happen. And yeah, he said he's working on himself. He's putting a lot of blame on not getting it on him. And yeah, that's, that's, that's interesting because everything you just said, a lot of people online were saying, saying it, it's Wayne's fault.


He didn't get it. So I don't, I don't Know. It made him human too. 'cause when he said I had to take a minute to like, not so I wouldn't break down when I got on camera. Yeah. It's like artists, when you get to a certain magnitude, I feel like you're like larger than life. You're kind of like a, like you're not real. And with Wayne it's like, I I was wondering how he felt for a very long time. So to hear that he was like, You know, like that's so human to be like, man, I couldn't even talk about this for a couple days without crying or whatever. Right. His breakdown was so, and the Artists be acting so cool. Like they don't care about those kind of things. Yeah. You know you care about those activations. Exactly. You care about those kind of accomplishments because there's no like, it's not like when you play sports and you get into a championship game and you win a ring. Yeah. Like those are the moments where you feel like you get in a ring. Yeah. The Super Bowls are the rings, the Grammy awards, Grand, sadly the Grammy, all of that stuff.


Those are the rings. Yeah. Those lifetime achievement awards, all of that type of stuff. And the good thing about it is And I know people have, a lot of people are, are upset currently still with Jay-Z because of the decision. The good thing is, is that Jay-Z is there and he understands what Wayne means to the culture because they have their history. And You know Super Bowl will come around again. Right. Not New Orleans though. Not in New Orleans. Right. But dang, rub it in Charlotte. It'll come back to New Orleans saying Would not in New Orleans. That's why it means so much, Dwayne. I know, but still, I mean New Orleans what, like seven years ago? It, You're trying to find a silver lining. You just never, nothing bright and positive ever. Huh? The Super Bowl halftime show is the Super Bowl halftime show. Any City, any city. I just know it would mean a lot for him to do it in New Orleans, but any city it he heard You the first time you said it.


I'm just saying he heard you. I promise. I'm just saying. There'll be more rappers at the Super Bowl halftime show. As long as Roc Nation is involved. For sure. Boy, as soon as Roc Nation walk away, y'all get the Beach Boys. Y'all getting new kids on the block. As soon as Roc Nation walk away and You know what you, you Negros gonna deserve it. Y'all it up Jovie. Keep It up. Keep it up. Roc Nation gonna moon walk away and y'all, y'all gonna get Backstreet Boys Taylor Swift. What? Why Nick just text me. People in New Orleans, don't f with Lil Wayne. Who say that Nick. And I'm saying his name because why would you say that Nick? Everybody in New Orleans right now that's listening to us on He has no Clue. Nick, I'm Calling you. He has no clue. He is looking At y'all like y'all Crazy. Oh, his source is his friends, his group chat. Oh, please.


You think New Orleans don't rock with Lil Wing? You all Did I miss some cocaine because they was on there angry. But then Isn't little. Isn't he doing a festival? The the little y'all talking about up everybody Why say that? Because It was crazy. First of, first Of all, first of all, Nick is white. And the fact that you repeating from white people, you sound crazy. You ever said that New Orleans no mess. Lil Wayne is sniffing the finest of cocaine with Fentanyl. What if his Friends is black though? It don't count. 'cause they got a white friend that's There. That's, that's just silly. All When he does Louisiana Fest, you gonna see if New Orleans rocking Wayne. How about That? I don't need to see it. I know they do. Oh, okay. All right. So Shannon Sharp. Shannon Sharp, the livestream, the whole sexual situation with the woman, with Michelle, whoever CIS is.


So there were conversations yesterday about whether he would be fired from ES ESP N or not. So there were reports that he was not fired from ESPN. I reached out to confirm reports and I spoke to a rep close to the network who confirmed to us that because Shannon addressed the situation on nightcap with ocho, he's gonna be back to his normal scheduled programming on First Take Monday. And he's never on Thursdays or Fridays, which is why he wasn't on up until Monday. I didn't, people were speculating like this is gonna cause for him not to be a D Skin. And I didn't Understand, blah blah, blah. I I didn't understand that anyway. 'cause I mean he, it, I allegedly, he made a mistake. He was having a sex grown man.


He's a grown ass man. I didn't understand what the problem would be, why he would be fired. I don't Know. It was a mistake. It was weird in 2024. But like anything that's a little bit controversial and like people get people in the uproar and brands and sponsors or whatever. So it was good that they cleared the air. He did address this on ES esp n as well. I mean on nightcap two. I, 'cause I I went back to them. And I said, well did ESPN make him do that? Did he have to come out and apologize in order to keep the job? Was it that type of situation? And from what I gather from the conversation I had with the rep, it wasn't that they backed him a hundred percent on him taking the lead. He reached out to them, all that stuff. And he talked about that as well too. So no comment. Charlotte. I thought you Had audio. Yeah, I do. But they rapping me up. I can't play the audio. Yeah, play the audio. Oh, I called my but y'all do This. I don't on call CI called ESPN after.


I was like, I just got this good. Tell 'em the truth. I said I just got to tell 'em the truth. My phone wasn't hacked. It wasn't an, it wasn't a prank. It was me being a he healthy, active male. I mean y'all thought I was bull jiving. You thought I driving? You thought I was, y'all thought I was a bull dagger. Y'all, I'm sorry. What? What You kinky this morning man That was just with the mess with Laura La Rose. You kinky man. My goodness. All right. Big Lips got him in the trance Bull driving. When we come back we got front page news more than what'll be joining us. It don't go anywhere. It was so silent. Is that what you was over there doing? You were in your, you was like fantasizing. Listen, Listen to the story. Alright, it's The. Breakfast Club.


Good morning. You're checking out The, Breakfast Club Everybody. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get back in some front page news. What we got Morgan? Yeah. So the Congressional Black Caucus's 53rd annual legislative conference is happening at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington DC And the event runs September 15th with a runs until September 15th, excuse me, with a focus on legislation initiatives impacting the black community. And in a black Information network exclusive. I spoke with Gregory Jackson. He is the head of white, the White House Office of Gun Violence and Prevention about the current state of gun violence in the us.


Let's hear more from action Greg Jackson. Gun violence is the number one cause of death for black youth in America, but also black men. And number two cause of premature death for black women. So this is a huge issue that's devastating our, our communities. But the CBC has stepped up, there's been four different panels on this and there's a whole focus throughout this conference of how do we turn vision into victory And not just thinking about elections, but no thinking about how do we make sure these policies are working to save lives and prevent violence from happening in the future. Yeah. So he also talked about Biden's efforts against gun violence. To tear those comments, You Know this was the first president to name gun violence as a public health crisis in American history.


He also was the first one to pass a bill on gun violence. In nearly 30 years, the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act, he actually moved forward with over 40 executive actions on gun violence. And to give you some comparison, that's more than any other president combined. He made the largest investment in youth mental health in American history in response to gun violence and how it was impacting our youth in schools and in communities. So this has been a top issue for him, literally since day one. Yeah. I think this is really important because You know Vice President Harris, she recently admitted that she's a, she and You know second gentleman, Doug Emh. They're both gun owners. Greg Jackson, he admitted to You know in that conversation as well as being a gun owner. You guys have admitted to being gun owners. So it's about being responsible and using that as the last resort.


You know. That's right. In terms of You know when to use that tool. You're damn right. I I I don't even not admitted to being gun owners. I'm a proud Second Amendment. Yeah, well You know, I'm just saying Proud Gun on. But Like, but like you said, it is, the problem is there is a lot of times there is no training. Right. So when I was in college, And I purchased my first gun at 21. I didn't get any training. And I was just able to go in there and purchase a a, a firearm off You know in Jersey to get your your firearm, they had, you have to take classes, you have to learn what the laws are and the rules are. But just think about it, at 21 in college, you get your first gun, your first firearm. There there are no, there were no rules and regulations to abide by. There was no classes or courses. They give you your first gun and it's pretty much like good luck. Yeah. And by the way, it's pointless to own a gun If.


you don't know how to use it like You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like some people just feel like having a gun gives them a sense of security and protection. No, you gotta know how to use that firearm When something happen. They just gonna instantly Know how to use. No, but the thing is, there's different laws for different places. Like in New Jersey, if somebody is running out your house, you're not allowed to shoot 'em in the back. But in other areas you're allowed to shoot in the back. Like you have to know the, the rules and the laws in each state. Yeah. But knowing the laws mean nothing If you don't know how to use the gun. That's true. Hit the range. Hit that range. That's right. Okay. So also during the Congressional Black Caucus's 53rd Annual Legislative Congress conference, excuse me, I spoke exclusively with Texas Congresswoman and clap back, queen Jasmine Crockett about Harris's housing plan. Let's hear those comments Recognizing that housing is a real issue and we don't control the interest rates.


It's the Fed that controls it. It's not the house, it's not the Senate, it's not the president. But that still doesn't mean that it feels good. So having a president that understands the challenges to building this generational wealth around the fact that we don't have access to housing like we need because the housing supply is in short numbers for a lot of different reasons. But she wants to make sure that there's more housing supply. The more housing supply, the less the prices will be. In addition to $25,000 down payment assistance for those first time home buyers, that is a lot bigger than $1,200. The $1,200 that she's referencing is the stimulus checks that people seem to think that they actually got from Trump.


'cause his name was on the check. But again, all of that was approved through Congress and Democratic efforts. Go ahead. I really don't understand that. Right. When, when Covid hit and they were encouraging people to purchase homes, the interest rates for purchasing a home went anywhere from 1.9 to 2.9% and people were purchasing homes and these banks were still making billions of dollars as profit with these peoples, with this, with the interest rates. So I don't understand why they have to put the interest rates to 7%. Right. That discourages people from buying homes. And it puts a, it's, it's a lot more on people. And the banks are not only just making a 10 billion, now they're making 30, 40 billion. I don't understand why they can't keep the interest rates low where it encourages people to buy homes. It encourages people to, to pay less on their mortgage.


I never understood that at all. 'cause obviously it can be done because we did it for four years in Covid. So as someone who actually purchased my home during Covid You know I'm not, I'm, I can't necessarily relate And I didn't necessarily have that rate. So there's You know there's that. I mean it to each its own. But to your point and to her point, the Fed controls all of that. So You know, Hey Fed, can you fix some of that please for us? Yeah. Lower that rate back so people could buy some Yeah, I need some more. So also she spoke about, she also shared her thoughts on former President Donald Trump. Let's hear those comments from Jasmine Crockett. I'm not letting him off the hook for during the debate. He had an opportunity to say I was wrong. Yes. And he didn't, instead he doubled down and said, well, they pled guilty.


Well, let me tell you something. They were paid over $40 million because of their illegal incarceration. So if this is the guy that y'all think is gonna lead the way to free us when he still can't apologize for what was done to those black and brown boys, let me tell you, he still don't care about y'all. She was referencing the Central Park five when she first started that. Well, when that clip first started, she was talking about the Central Park five and how former President Trump took out that full page ad he spent money and he did not apologize during the debate when he had an opportunity to do so. My, my governor, governor Westmore actually spoke at the Congressional Black Caucus too. And he said that racism is expensive though You know in regards to that four, four $40 million payout.


Yeah. And, I expensive. Listen salute to Jasmine Crockett. I I really do hope we, we stop trying to correlate Donald Trump's criminal cases with him being able to relate to black people. Nobody thinks that makes Trump You know like black people except for culturally clueless idiots and racist. Like they stop. Like that's not even a conversation. Like I don't even entertain that. Like I'm not, don't even dignify that with a response. When people try to bring up those comparisons, I try to say that's a correlation. Or that's why black people like Trump, like no, not 'cause of no damn mugshot. Not because they know none of his criminal cases. We can't relate to nothing Donald Trump is going through. We've never experienced that level of privilege. If I had 94 criminal cases, I wouldn't have no job.


I wouldn't be able to apply for no job. I'd be in jail. I I I'd I'd have been, I'd been put in handcuffs. You never even seen Trump in handcuffs. Like cut it out. Like no. Yeah. We can't relate to that. So That's your front page news. I'm still at CBC today. There's a brunch at the White House You know I'm gonna continue to talk to the legislators and Playmakers and so yeah, that's your front page news. You can follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BIN news Com. Alright Now thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, Rema will be joining us. His new album He is, is out right now and we gonna kick it with him when we come back. E Carroll Nigeria. I don't know if I pronounce that right, but I, I think I'm trying to say good morning.


Okay. Alright, well it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody's DJ Envy. Jesse LAIs Charlamagne de Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave of course. So Lauren's holding it down and we got a special guest in the building. We got the brother Rema. How's it going brother? Thank you. I'm good. I Alright. Lemme tell you something, Rema. I am a fan bro. I appreciate it. I rock with your music. Heavy, heavy calm down. First Afrobeat song in history to earn over a billion on demand screams in America. How that feel. Great. Oh, glory to God. Does it, does it like annoy you at all with calm down? Because like here in the US people talk about Selena Gomez on the song so much and like kind of throw some of the, the success of it her way versus you, but she gives you all of the credit.


Does that annoy you at all? Sometimes I don't really see that. I don't really see this success being just going on hard. 'cause like the collaboration, we, we both put our face into it. Yeah. We both put the same like effort. You know, it felt like a real collaboration. You did her a favor. They They did each other. They they they did each other a favor. Like Yeah, she did me a huge favor as well because she Crossed it Over. She didn't have to do that. Right. I reached out to her You know, You know she's been a huge supporter of my music. Like even before the public knew You know. Wow. There's been a lot of great people who hit me up and like, yo, like what you doing? She was one of them. She's pulled up to shows on the low key, just watching the young glad just like grow and become this person.


Tell Us about your inspiration. What got you into music? What made you start doing music and when was your, that, that aha moment that you was like, oh, this is really connected. You know, I started from the church, You know the church really made me believe like I was doing something good. You know I used to draw, but like, it wasn't like giving me so much vision as per say, but I was getting more applaud for music. Yeah. The church embraced it. And I just kept doing it. And then life go hard and drift it a little bit Times where I paused times where I needed to make it out for the family. You know, You call yourself the chosen one. The, the the, I can't pronounce it HEIS Is he it? He heis. He is. He is. He is. But he split together. Oh, you put it Together.


Duh. I'm the idiot. But it translates to someone special are chosen. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Greek Chord. So when did you become aware of like your own special, divine, unique qualities? When did you realize I damn, I I am the chosen one in my family? I would say it's just like, I'm a spiritual person. I don't like to get too deep, but we can tell Though, everybody in this room loves God brother. But I just feel like there's just signs that come with prophecies and you, you just be chilling and prophecy just hits you and someone just walk up to you and say this and you just like, I see this thing. Or You had to happen to you. Sometimes it's just vision. You know you just have vision and it's like, if the vision was never for me, then why did it come to me in the beginning?


You know. So I just like take hold of it. And when you like put efforts and faith in that one vision and it comes to life, it's like probably my duties to the rest. 50 visions I've got and you just keep coming to life. I feel like my name also like, holds that r as a revelation from another dimension. It's like another word for an idea. Like when an idea hits you, that euphoria that's r and you feel that feelings like it's just like, it's just like an adrenaline pump. I heard that in church. And, I feel like You know that name just stuck with me. And I feel like I leave the name You know. I wanted to know You know with the success of Calm Down and how big the record is and and how big you are with that record over, over here.


I always talk to artists and they say one of their biggest fears is


In this election, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. I'm gonna Keep on running 'cause a winner, don't quit on themselves, Paid for by Harris for President.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State. Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have the long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide


Making a hit so early that big because you always chase that hit. You always wanna be bigger than that record. Have you had the same problem of trying to beat that record in the States? No, I never planned to make a big record. I was just doing me and The World You know went with it. And also it's like I'm grateful for education. It's not like school education, but like life education. People experience things not just for them to experience it and learn the lesson. I I don't always look at success stories to learn. I also like to look at mistakes. I love people have had big songs like The Biggest Bird Cage and it's like case to that. I don't let that affect like my creative process. I go to the studio with the same mentality.


Like I made my first hit song and then I have a vision. I, I like If. you look in my eyes like you can can see that I see something that's way ahead of me. It's just like, whatever needs to happen now will happen. Now And. I know my way around it. I have no pressure. I feel no pressure. I'm happy, joyful. I'm making bangers too. And I like the way I move through my new project as well. Just like, I don't like to move with the way people expect. I, I don't like to move with the rules. I don't do that. Yeah, You blend a lot of different genres in your music, so, so what do those influences say about who you are as a a artist and a person? I'm in my own world, You know I don't really write song.


I don't write, I just go to the studio and have fun. Sometimes I end up saying things I do not even exist. Like, not even words, I just, I just, Hey, what's an example of what's a, what's an example of like something that wasn't a word. My first hit song, the chorus was not even a word. I just expressed myself. I was just And I was just in my own world enjoying what I do. And I stand on it. Like I said, if the vision was never for me, then why did it come? You know, it's like no English word or Nigerian word could match the vibration that Aura would send. It was just meant to be Gibb. And I did it and it gave me a platform to express myself more. It gave me my first hit song And in Nigeria we call that lamba.


Lamba is just something you just create out of the euphoria of being in the studio. While you're in that creative process, you just like close your ass and just like express that wand. It's just like saying boom without saying it was an explosion. Yeah, You know you just say boom. One of my favorite records of yours off the He is project you just laughing in the chorus on He, he, he, When you sit, When you sit, when you say, because I just like the way you applying pressure on when you say I'm not gonna take it easy on my haters Monday morning, you talking about me while I'm making money. What inspired that record exactly? The haters. The Haters. It is like for real though. Like day on day, day in, day out.


People just like talking about me. You know And, I, I'm stacking up every second. It's just a a sign for you to do better with your time. It's like you're just hating on it. You've me hating on me since it was what dropped my first tape. 19. I've been criticized a lot. I was, I would say I've not been babysit seated at all. I've been poked for years and if no one got like my heart, they would literally, literally crash. I feel like over time, even with my faces, it game kind of made me colder and colder. You know I came with a loving heart. I spread so much love And the hate turns your Heart a little bit. You know it's just like sometimes you just want to give back that energy. You know it's just like Kendrick sometimes you wanna pop out and shit Turns with a while out.


But you said you You know, you said you were learning from experiences, right? You were talking about your head and the success, but you also said mistakes as well. What was one of the the biggest mistakes that you made? In the game? Yeah. Or in life in general. Both. I would say You know, trust. Like you just literally have the biggest lessons from trust being a young kid and just wanting to embrace everybody and just like, just seeing humans become like, like the stories you used to hear when you were younger, like greedy, Masters, You know I really trust You know when you have love when you, when you put your off and there are people who you heart so much and they just stop not being, not being good. Like we like me, I keep being good. Like if I see my enemy, I still shake hands, but it's like we know we're not cool but it's like the respect of shaking hands.


And also I'm that believer that you don't have to be friends to be loyal. I also believe in that like if we got money to make, let's make money. But we don't have to be friends. You Know. Oh you mean so like here we say there there's no permanent friends or enemies when it comes to business. Is that What you mean? Yeah. Gotcha. It's like just let's make money. It's like, and another thing is like, it's like years ago, like I didn't know a lot of people that the game would bring my way. Why would I make that like that Houston? Like I didn't know you like at first I just wanted to feed my family. So why would you be the highlight of my career? Why should I focus on you? I don't get time to do that, can't you? All right. We got more with Remo when we come back. His album He is is out right now.


It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking away. Afrobeats Artist Rema Now. Do you feel like you get the respect you deserve when they talk about the Afrobeats genre? I feel like the success came too quick that people wish I didn't get it too quick. And You know when they want to give you respect when you have to be 10 years in the game. I feel like I didn't mind, my career didn't play according to those rules. And I was already breaking like seven year career worth of records at three years in the game. You understand? I already went international from my first ep. So it's like people have this mind frame that we have to see you striving for 10 years.


Like you have to grind. We have to see videos of you in the studio. Like you the Walk You know like why do I need to, I don't post me in the studio. All you hear is all you see is music. I don't give people what? I don't really tell people nothing about my personal life. They don't know nothing. I think people just saw my mom for the first time. People will just want you to strive so hard so that they can be able to give a flowers. It's like, no, it's just, it's something called Grace though. It's like I put in so much work that you don't, I don't want to show it. People know I put in so much work they want me to be 10 years in the game to be like, oh, okay, now we can say you are this or you are top this or like, like come on man, let's be real. Do you feel like when people have the top three afrobeat male afrobeat artist conversation, you should be included.


I know they right now they include Burner boy, whiz kid and dto. Do you think you should be included in that Respite to the OGs but yeah, I'm one of them ones. You tweeted no more Big three. There's not a big four. Yeah. And If, you look at it. My impact in Afrobeats has been huge. You understand it's not just about hit songs. A lot of people have hit songs, but the impact and the journey of Afrobeat to The World like, I don't even wanna say a lot, but just, just something as little as major award shows creating an Afrobeats category because of the success of my song has already shifted or opened Gates. It's like India as a country, like being able to do huge arenas in three cities and having Indians in multitude come out to sing Afrobeat songs.


Word forward. It's like it's on another level and that's just like a little peak of the iceberg of what I've done in the game. But I don't like to talk about it. I don't put my plaques in my house to like fuel myself with that ego. I don't, I don't want to talk about it. But it's quite sad. Must I be 30 years old to gimme that flower times has changed. You don't need to be 10 years in the game to be a legend, to be an icon, to be someone who inspired in next generation. It's just what it is. Whatever favoritism, all of that is like that's on them. Everybody in their hearts, they know And I know everybody. Language from everyone on the game. The artists, everything. Love to everybody though. Because like You said, you said a lot of labels are trying to clone you.


You said tell your stylist to stop sending mails to Brands. Man, reading my tweet, My name to get close artists. Really sending stylist mail with your name to get clothes. You said I'm gonna pull up to your show and script you on stage. 'cause that's my whole fake celebrities fake industry. Jesus. Oh they pulling up with their Ric label was be creative. Stop trying to clone me. Then you said re made Afro. BTP. A big statement. Every new artist since 2019 ate from the same template. That was pretty worded. For someone who don't Talk with also What motivate, what motivated all of that. I'm, I'm very true person to the cop is fool. I might as well just say a few things. Just get a few things out my chest, right? I don't really want to embarrass anyone.


And sometimes the times where he need to make a statement is the same. That when he lizard shakes his head, like he, he is adjusting his own ego, his prison, his own, his own self. 'cause nobody want to give him his flowers. Nobody want to give him praise. But I'm not here in this interview to bake for flowers or anything. Sometimes I just like to clear the air. Like reaching out on behalf, seeing your grandma stylist and stealing my clothes. Month. Water, clothes and like brands that have created a relationship think they're sending close to me and they're sending my clothes to you. Seeing some funny shoe sizes. It's like, whoa. So Got these tiny legs, Some funny sizes, like hilarious.


And by the eps it's just like, man, I mean, when I came to the game, I came with a template. I, I just like the, the way like new artists come and have a dominance. Mine was just different from the day one. I started You know the whole EP trail. I mean every artist's 2019 like walked on that path. Like If, you knew artist, you just had to like, when you come out, you pop out with that ep. But a lot of people would argue with that. You know. A lot of people just don't want You know. Sometimes I don't like to feel like some Afrobeat Messiah or someone just, sometimes they don't really like you being quite young and saying something. Sometimes it's not for you to say. Sometimes it's the truth, but it's not for you to say.


Mm. Sometimes I just want to leave it and sometimes I'm quite, I just can't wait for it to be in the air. 'cause I, I just can't wait for maybe like the OGs to say it and I'll be like, okay, no one's saying it. So I'm, I'm mad as you as well. But slowly it's just like, I really don't want that picture of Afrobeat Messiah. Oh let's do it for Afrobeat Af It's like You know. I really don't want things to be that serious. And I just want to express myself. That's all. And when things are not looking good, And I don't want to clear something, I just want to clear it and leave it at that. But starting to like make an agenda on tweets that I felt at the moment. I mean the tweets has cleared whatever I need to, I don't really need to like embody it in interviews.


It is not so much of a big deal. You get me. What's Your relationship like with the, with the OGs with that, with the Burner Boys and the Beatles and with kids? Do y'all have relationships or Yeah. Big respect. One thing I'm happy about is that we all respect each other. There's respect, there's difference between being a a boy, a friend. Yeah, a friend. I got friendship. I got respect. A lot of people got friendship. I'm from Big Dogs. I ain't got respect. I got respect. If I ain't, don't even got friendship, but I got my respect. That's okay for me. All right, well we got more with Remo when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne. God we are The Breakfast, Club Law and the Roast is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Rema Now Rema, do you feel like the US is watered down Afrobeats at all?


Like it, it seems like they just took a couple of records and made 'em big and almost like that was it to see. But when you go to Africa, South Africa, Nigeria, all these different places, it's so much more. You feel like it's watered down at all? No, I think when we start like having a lot of international dominance, we sometimes the little influence from the outside come in and sometimes you just want to like make it more understandable for the people to digest the music better. Maybe slow down on a little local dialect and maybe like put in a little more English so that they can understand You know. So, or like maybe the beats. Maybe it's, maybe it's too intense. Like maybe they just want something like You know.


But at the time it was like You know we never really used to care what anybody think. It's like if they like it, they like you, they don't. Right? Right. It's like we just go to the studio and be free. You know. I didn't know if America was gonna like calm down. I didn't know if Europe was gonna like it. I just do stuff. There are some of my songs that are more successful in France than they are in in a country two hours away from France. It's just like different crowds pick whatever they want to pick. India, they got what they like You know other African countries. They got what they like. You know. I would say like my first album did so well internationally than it did locally.


You understand? I would just make it music. But the international crowd grasped it more than the locals. Right? My new album, the locals grasped it more than the international. It's just like it comes with the face, right? But I really don't have a place in people's decision when they create, some people create what they want to create. Some people actually plan to create because they plan to be in the territory. You know. And sometimes could prompt several features or I need to feature this artist, or Oh these people, this what they like to listen so let me do this. But in an Afrobeat version that will be more digestible to them.


But it's different concept. But generally I hope over time it don't be the norm. It's like, come on, it's not us now we are very rugged with it and we're wicked with the beats. With the flow. It's like, let's stand on that. 'cause that was the main foundation of Afrobeats. I I like what you said about that because when I tell people that I listen to you, that's one thing they say about, especially with the new project, they say that you highlight the local roots of Afro beats with your drums and and your sound pattern. So that's, that's intentional to do That. Yeah, that was intentional. You see it just has, it just have to do with someone that has a out body experience of that look at the game from like, whoa, what got going on?


You know what got going on right now. But sometimes it's like another thing is like, think about it. Some people will be like, okay, you feel like you can make this move 'cause you already have your international song. We wanna have our own international song too. Why you think it is? Like I never like, yeah, calm Down is a softer beat. It is like I have a lot of songs. It's soft beats. Like I make love songs, I make all type of jumps. But it's just like that rawness is just something that was just being like being lost. It was like what they call it lost art. It's just like, yo gotta mind like 'cause also If, you think about it, I'm not trying to be selfish 'cause I have a huge song. Also think about the guys in the underground.


If we lose this art, like You know the streets is, this is their bump. That's right. Like you, you gotta also make them know like, yeah, this person who's so huge is still willing to tap in so low to the roots. Like I see you You know. It's like I see you. It's like it's also possible for you guys. Like don't make it like, 'cause now the guys on the ground would think like, oh, after what? I got my stuff. No, I want to hit traditional Afrobeats. You get it. You talk about bad healthcare in Nigeria and you always talk about giving back to the church, giving back to the kids. Hmm. What do you think could be done to change some of the stuff that you and your family went through to make sure the next generation doesn't have that problem? Are you working towards that as well?


A lot of things are being held down by the government. The government is starting to understand that they're not as influential. We are the ones having a real influence on the youth. A lot of times they have to bring us close to know what the youth want. And maybe some might have it have us close for their own agendas. But it's just your decision to stand with the agenda. There's no amount of money the government want to give me. I'd be like, oh, oh. Like no government money can freak me. I've said in a lot of songs that I think I was starting to make more money than politicians. It's like, it's like You know. I feel like with the influence I, we have, we are now at the point where we can tell them like, yo, you're not doing your job.


If I'm sitting there with the governor, I would whisper to this ear. I'm like, I don't think you're doing this right. I'm sorry it's coming from a 24-year-old. But it's like, I think I tap in with what their perspective. You can't see that, sir. I'm sorry. Policies, like just help convince them about policies and the little we can do like we investing with the money we make, bringing back home, giving kids life and meaning. A lot of times I would tell my manager, because we have a lot of detox, it's like, it's not about giving rice. Everybody just want to give rice, rice, rice. It's like you just wanna go make some food. Do You know if some kid got some allergy to rice and then you, yes you gave rice, but then you leave and then the kid gotta go to the hospital to sort out the, do you understand?


It's like, are you like, this is a whole different perspective to me giving back. I don't like to do the basic give back that, oh, I gave you food. That's it. It's like, no. It's like, what about tomorrow? What are they going to eat tomorrow? Mm. It's like, I'd rather create a platform that will consistently provide Yeah, You know, create a platform that will consistently educate, create a platform that will consistently close. Create a platform that the shelter, it could be a hundred people, it could be 500 people, but if it's 1000 people or 500 people, but at least it's quite consistent. Then I'm giving 1 million people food today, tomorrow they'll be hungry. Like that's my perspective of giving back platforms policies.


And they should listen to you. I mean, you just had a show in your city, you had 20,000 people come out. I think it was 30 even more. Wow. A lot of people outside. Wow. It's like, what Did that feel like been doing that in your hometown? How you pronounce your hometown benign Ben Benin. Benin. Yeah. This Benin city, Ben. There's a country called Benin. Same spelling, Benin, Syria. It was really beautiful. Iconic then and there. I just, I felt a lot of joy. Love anger. Sorry to say anger. Why? It's just, oh, okay. It's just like this place has struggled so hard. Mm. This place has stomped on me. It's not really like you're blaming the people. It's just like, you're just blaming, blaming the environment for your struggle. Yeah. You know, it was just like, I have to give back in some way.


I didn't want that money. First of all. It was not about a, I'm, I'm the star. Come on watch me like pay to watch me. It's like, no. It's like I made sure the tickets were affordable. 'cause life is hard in Nigeria. First of all, tickets affordable. And also I don't make myself the center of the event. No, the people won. And then everything that has to do with the show, giving them an iconic show, the great stage, great sound. If I had bad sound in in that stadium, they'd be like, yeah, it was a great show regardless. Why? Because I didn't put put my all into the stage or the sound because I was so focused on me being the talk of the town. Like, it, it's all about me. It's not even about the sound.


People will take it. They'll, they'll still say it's a good show. But I, I was like, I made sure You know the security of the people. Even the security of the people outside that cannot get in. 'cause I know that would be a possibility. Just making sure that they have a good show and making sure I can impact, give back, inspire as much use as I can. Yeah. I think I did that. Let's, let's get into a joint off that album. What you wanna hear, what joint you want. Want want us to play this morning? Let's play. He, he, he. I know. No, that record is hard man. What record He wants to play. What Record you wanna do? I want do he he is the actual his the song his. He is. He is. Yeah. Alright, well we appreciate you for joining us. Next time you're town come back. Okay brother, man. Absolutely. Man.


Man, Don't be letting them take your outfits. They fly word up. I appreciate it. And don't let nobody dim you light. Like I, I like, I like your confidence man. You know what Im saying? And your belief in God. Absolutely. I can see. I can see God in you brother. Thank You. Thank you. I appreciate it. Rema. Ladies and gentlemen, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get right to Luther Rema, man. Thank you for pulling up man. That's right. Go get that. He is album out right now. Now Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do that. She don't Spare nobody Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren.


Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the Mess. Talk to me. All right, so there has been some updates in the Dly, the Diddy a hundred million dollar default judgment that we reported on earlier this week. So Derek Lee Cardello Smith, who is the plaintiff who is alleging all of this different stuff, sexual assault, all this different stuff that he's saying he needs to be compensated for has now been hit back with an answer from Diddy's team. So Diddy's team filed a document, it's an emergency motion to set aside the default judgment and they also filed to dissolve the TRO that was granted to the plaintiff.


So basically what that means is the money that they're saying, Diddy has to start paying this guy on October 1st, right? Diddy's team is like, hold on Uhuh, we need an emergency conversation about why this should not have been granted. And they awarded him a TRO, which basically meant that Diddy's team was not allowed to sell any property in that state or anything related to what could be used to pay the plaintiff. They're saying none of that makes sense because the plaintiff has no, like he has no interest in any of the properties. So how dare he say what we can and can't do. Now It is. Wow. It's a lot. So last time I reported, I told you guys that the judge never addressed the statute of limitations on the sexual assault stuff did.


Team is alleging, and And I actually reached out and received this statement from them. And what they're alleging is that the, the statute of limitations on that ran out 17 years ago. They are also saying, because the last time I reported, I said that the judge said that she had receipt of Diddy being served. And we actually have audio of that. Can we take a listen real quick before I get into it, I have a proof of service showing that Mr. Combs was served on July 6th, 2000. And is that 24? Yes, your honor, return receipt requested was provided. So there is proper service. Mr. Combs has neither appeared nor responded to this request.


So I am going to grant your motion for a preliminary injunction, temporary restraining order and order that the defendant and their agents are hereby and joinin temporarily for a period of 90 days on the sale, transfer or exchange trade or transactional title or deed to the property listed as the address and placed on the market by defendants for the amount of $70 million. And this property in the estate blowing to or connected to defendant Sean Combs, shall cease and desist any and all trades transactions or otherwise stop the process. This shall have an immediate effect. That was a lot of legal jargon. I don't understand was but recently. But it happened recently though. Yes. Yes. So I was gonna sum it up for you 'cause I knew it, it is a lot of legal jargon.


So basically what just happened in that zoom, and this was from the other day when we originally reported this, but I did not, This is a story from the man who had his, the man who said did he had his hand on his butt, allegedly butt cheeks. But This is cheek from this man, the man with the hand but cheek. Yep. You said Did he touched his butt, allegedly The left buttocks. Allegedly. Yes. Allegedly. Why you Said that twice. Yeah, we heard you the first time Because that's what he remembers. You know how his mom works. He trying to keep the story going. Yes. Go, go, go, go. So basically that Zoom is from court recently. I didn't use that the first time I reported because I'm like, this doesn't make sense. This is a lot of money for him to have been served and just be like, like You know what? I'm, I'm good. So when I reached out to get more information, what they're saying in response to that is that first of all, the last time that Diddy lived in the house that this man is claiming Diddy was served at, was over three years ago.


They're also saying that because in this same Zoom court hearing, the man alleges that Diddy came to him. They had a conversation, right? Diddy like basically tried to offer to settle. And it, and Diddy seem, is saying that is completely not true. Diddy does not know this man. Not even does he not know this guy. But they didn't even know about this hearing whatsoever. And they keep saying it's because the online system in Michigan is a lot different than other places. They didn't even know about this. They found out about this when news outlets started reaching out to his attorneys for response to the default judgment. So they just recently found out about all of this. So yeah, it basically, they're asking for this to not happen. So they're saying He never got served. Never got served. He does not know this man. He's, they're also just overall saying all of the claims of assault and the sexual stuff and the drugging completely not false.


I mean completely false. Sorry. Completely false. And they wanna make it clear too that this guy has a record from what they found of doing this. Like he's entered a lot of other lawsuits that judges have been like, that's silly. We not even honoring that. But this judge for some reason, because of the amount of money did not take a second look into it. And, I was listening to some other reporting where normally I guess in these situations, a judge who's supposed to be the protective party over a person's, right? When you do a default judge, They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right? Right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court justices probably not Presidents. Vice presidents.


That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for You. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said, black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for President


State. Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here's bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide.


It takes away a person's right to defend themself. Right? They're saying that there should have been another step because of the amount of money that this guy was granted like another, Hey, Diddy, are you sure about this? And it didn't happen. So everybody's trying to figure out what's going on. But his team is saying they're calling BS. And Also some of, some of the, the legal jargon. Diddy selling his Bel Air home, right? He bought it for 35 million. He's selling it for 70 million in that junction that she put in, basically said he cannot sell that house until this is taken care of. Anything that would make it where Diddy may not be able to pay this guy or right You know what I mean? Like anything that's gonna touch his money close to the amount of money that this guy's supposed to be paid. They trying, this guy is saying, I need to be able to control that. And his team team is saying, wait a minute. No, you shouldn't be able to control That. And this guy has no lawyer. He's doing this all on his own.


Yeah, He was in court by himself. He was representing himself. That's crazy. Now He, he reading all the jail law, he figuring all everyth. He Was in there dropping statutes and Lord Mercy and, and he yeah, he was. Yes. He's been sitting there for some time. And when does he come home? Do we know? I have no idea. So, and other Diddy knew. So Dawn, you wanna Invite him to a party or something? Yeah. Don't you got a birthday coming up? Who? You My birthday Passed until June. I'm just, I wanna know why Diddy? I said, Diddy, why If? you wanna know why when he coming home? No, I'm just Curious. 'cause he's he doing I know you are. Nevermind, go ahead. I hate this guy. Y'all Are so, I know. You are so Annoying. Like, I'm so annoying that he like, So in other news, Diddy recently, in addition to that, like this is so serious addition, what y'all do.


Sorry, we talking about people being allegedly abused here or not. Who knows? Diddy sued. Diddy is now being sued in addition to what we just talked about by Dawn Richards. You guys will remember her. She was a part of making the band Dirty money. Dirty money. The Denny Kane era. Yeah. So basically what she is alleging, she's alleging a lot of different things too. So she is saying that she, number one has not been paid for a lot of different things that she's done, whether it's been like writing, producing, performances, different brand deals that she did for Ciroc. And she wants that money. But she's also saying that because of the different things she's had to endure, like she says that she watched him Diddy as him, she watched Diddy punch Cassie at one point.


And this is all alleged during a dinner where allegedly Jimmy Ivy, usher and Neo were at the table and it was like a huge label dinner. Tons of people there and nothing happened. The, the dinner just went on and they continued to do business and make a lot of money with the label. She's saying that at one point she was headed to a studio in 2005, allegedly she saw Kim Porter coming outta the studio with v like various like fractures and different things to her face that were very obvious. And she was crying. She's saying that just when it came to the girls from making the band and dirty money, he would treat them insane. Like they were basically starved, allegedly, according to Dawn, they were overworked. They would have to work for like periods of like 36 or 48 hours without being properly fed.


And because of that, she actually ended up in the hospital at one point. And I mean you say, I mean, I was just reading some of it yesterday. He would allegedly starve her out and then have the chef Cook in front of, in front of her and, and would eat in front of them and would only make them eat like p drink peanut butter or milkshakes or something like that. But Dawn has always been, so when, when he did all that giving back the catalogs and all that, it was a well known conversation that Dawn and Aubrey day did not do it. They didn't take back their whatever it was from him because, and Aubrey spoke out about this. I I she did a special with TMZ where she talked about she didn't do it because there was an NDA in there that said that you couldn't, I guess talk about certain things, whatever those things were. And some people are speculating that Dawn didn't do it as well because she knew she wanted to be able to come out and tell her story.


But we have audio about her talking about one of the instances where Diddy would like talk to them. Kind of crazy. We were coming to rehearsal in, in, in New York. We were doing Saturday Night Live. Yeah. And Colleena, And, I didn't know we had rehearsals and we were asking everybody, yo, when's rehearsals? They didn't know. We get to SIR studios and Puff on us. He spazzes out on us. Like, and he was like, we was like, y'all s don't want it. Y'all don't want it. YI threw my purse down. I was like, well, you wanna go? We can go. There was this chess battle that happened between him. And, I think everybody's Eyes was like Dawn. Like D Rock was looking at me like little bit like, where you gonna go with that? And I think that was the first time Puff was like, yeah, I needed to maybe slow down on that moment.


And there are like, there's tons of talk about the car, the car thing that you told me behind the scenes. I thought that was real interesting. So two things. So first of all, Dawn said that there was one time when she walked into Diddy's house, and this is when Cassie was cooking him the eggs. And he threw the hot eggs at Cassie and he came downstairs in his underwear and Dawn was like, can you put some clothes on? And he was like, no, this my, like you and my, this is me. This is what I'm doing. And she had to sit there and talk to him in his underwear. And then there's another time in the lawsuit where she talks about showing up late to a studio in New York. And Diddy was so upset at her and the other girl from Dirty Money that he went off on them. He all the words she just said, all of that happened. B, y'all don't want this. Y'all don't wanna work for this.


And he went to swing on her according to Dawn, allegedly. And the bodyguard grabbed her. So the bodyguard intervened. So he wasn't, he didn't hit her. And then the bodyguard threw her in like a Bentley, like a bad weapon Bentley that they had. This is the part though she's saying, 'cause people are like, why you just didn't get out the Bentley and leave. She's saying that she was in that Bentley for hours, at least minimum two to three hours because there were no interior doors in the Bentley. And she realized that when she got in no door handles. Yeah, yeah. No door handles. And she was able to call her dad within all of that, only because the other band member had her cell phone. So she called her dad because she really thought something was gonna happen to her. And her dad drove from Baltimore to New York and demanded to see her. But be, I Know he was ready to catch a body. But listen, because he was so upset. The people, the team members around was like, yo, we gotta let her see her dad.


They let her see her dad. But Diddy and the dad got into it and her dad was so shaken up by them getting into it, according to Dawn, allegedly that she felt bad. She felt like, I don't wanna put my family in this position. And she backed off, like basically backed off of it because the dad was threaten to call the police. And the next day they performed that SNL and Didi told her like, You know, great job. Y'all did amazing. But don't ever call your dad again unless you're in the hospital. So it was, it was a lot of recurrence of like these crazy things would happen. She would witness crazy stuff. Nobody would do anything, but they're making money and they're You know what I mean? They're successful. So she's just quiet. She said she didn't Even even get paid. Go. And those feels like that has happened before. That is all according to her. And, I wanna also say every, every, Every story about Didi gets crazier and crazier. And Freakier. And Freakier.


That documentary 50 Dawn is gonna have to be on PornHub. Didi's attorney Erica Wolf is saying, Mr. Combs is shocked and disappointed by the lawsuit. Dawn is attempting to rewrite history. She's manufactured false claims in hopes of trying to get a payday conveniently time to coincide with her album release in Press store. Jesus. Yeah. Well that was a lot. Look, it wasn't a clap for me, man. It's early. Y'all not going, We not clapping after nothing. You, After you Just report. You not, I'm saying the fact that I got Through the report, We clap after the, y'all know What I mean? Don't turn this into that was a lot of stuff to report. And, I, AMM. Not attorney. It's not about you, Lauren. You're right. Sorry. Jesus. Well that was just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. All right, well who you throwing your donkey to over There?


I don't even wanna talk right now. I'll be back in a minute. All right, you'll be back. I'll give you A hug. Shut up. Front or back. The. Breakfast. Club your mornings zone. Never be the same. Better be a as. Charlamagne Some donkey days. Just saw Themselves have been watching Charla. Man, what's ready for you donkey? I never heard old donkey other day. What is it? Common Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Everything. And Charlamagne is saying is true. Donkey of the day for Friday, February 13th. Oh, it's Friday the 13th. I don't care about that no more.


I used to, not anymore. It goes to a woman named Michelle Cop KI think her name is, I'm probably pronouncing her last name wrong. Listen man, I am reminded every day how hard it is for women to find the right partner out here. Okay? I am surrounded by some very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very single women. Damn. Okay? I'm talking about the type of women that JD Vance uses to prove his childish cat lady point. But it's not because they don't want a man, okay? It's not because they don't want to be in a relationship. They just can't find a man in full disclosure as hard for me as a uncle, okay? It's hard for me as a UNC to these women. It's hard for me as a brother to these women.


It's hard for me to feel sympathy for them because I know them and because I know them, I can totally see why they single. I totally understand why they can't find anyone. Why are you saying to me envy, why nobody wants to be with them? Why are you saying to me why their relationships don't last? I completely understand. Okay? But I also can understand why women be sick of men. Okay? A lot of men need to go through the work on themselves. That's why I be stressing healing. I know a lot of women who refuse to even date a man who's not going to therapy. And. I. Don't blame them. But some women like Michelle Cobb, get the fan outta here. Some women like Michelle Cobb k are going to extremes to prove that they don't need a man. See, Michelle Cobb. K has been diagnosed with objective Filia. Ever heard of that? Anybody in the room?


I have not. It's when you develop an attraction to objects, okay? Because of this condition. Why you looking at me with that envy? Michelle fell in love. Alright. You know she fell in love with And. I want all my single friends, all my single You know nieces and sisters to listen because there's other options out here. Okay? Okay. Michelle fell in love with an airplane. Oh, not just any airplane. A Boeing 7 37 800. She says she's attracted to the plane's wings. Okay? The planes wing lets, and it's thrusters. Oh, Michelle said the plane got a big ass cock pit, okay? She carried out a long distance relationship with the airplane.


But after nine years of flying high, the relationship has come crashing down because Michelle and her Boeing 7 37 800 have finally broken up. I know you all are listening to me and you're saying to yourself, uncle Sharla, what the hell are you talking about? Well, If, you don't believe me. Michelle was on a reality show with her bay. So you could listen to the story for yourself. Let's listen. Michelle's love of planes is known as object affiliate. And she's not alone. Over 5,000 people worldwide are also in love with inanimate objects. And that's just what's been documented. Unable to fit 129 feet and six inches of 7, 3 7 into her apartment.


The focus of Michelle's daily love is her models and the life size scrap parts she buys online. Michelle has spent some $6,000 on these 7, 3, 7 parts. You judging, okay? But when the plane starts talking dirty to you, saying things like, baby, I'm carrying a full load, and the passengers are ready to disembark. Ooh, you can talk back to the plane dirty and say, Ooh baby, you want your bin stuffed. Listen man, Michelle said her biggest dream was to be married and live with the plane and says she sleeps with her darling every night, either with real You know components like the spoiler, the flap, track bearing and tank valve, or a five foot two model.


She said, intimacy is part of our relationship. I'm actually kind of of shocked they couldn't make it work because in relationships there is going to be turbulence. Okay? See, in relationships, everything starts out good. It's a smooth takeoff. But there is gonna be points where a ride gets bumpy. That's why you have to wear your seatbelt on the plane. You can't get up and go to the bathroom right now. Sit here and figure it out. What you gonna do? Get up. Open the emergency door and jump out. Just because things are getting rough, you 30,000 feet in the air, that's not gonna work, okay? You are not going to be on cloud nine every moment of a relationship. Even If, you were dating a plane and none of this single ladies I know better be judging you. Judging I I wasn't that.


I didn't know you were single. I wasn't even talking about you. Why you jumping in? Why you, why, why, why you, why? You just, you Didn't know I was single. I had no idea. All Of your nieces, you didn't know I was single You know? Alright, keep going. All I'm simply saying to all my nieces, okay? All my nieces, Okay. At least Michelle had somebody, all right? She was with that plane for nine years. Okay? My single friends could never, or maybe they could, but they got too many wants. Okay? These checklists of what they need a man to do and You know, You know they, they, they don't even check off none of the boxes they looking for in others. I Feel so bad for them. What You want in someone else, you must possess in yourself.


So imagine how fly Michelle must be that she ended up with a whole plane as a sexual partner for nine years. She did what works for her. And for the record, her and the plane have stayed on good terms and the breakup wasn't too messy. And she said her and the plane are still friends. That's good to know that Michelle in the plane had a smooth landing. Please give Michelle Cop K the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh, the day Heehaw.


Good morning to all my single nieces. Good morning to all my single sisters. Everybody Turn This way. Good morning to all my single friends, okay? It's just another option out there for y'all. Okay? That's why that fan won't open. 'cause God don't like ugly Hot. There is another option out there for y'all. Okay, hot. That starts with a P, right? Whoa. There's another P option. All right. Whoa, I want y'all to know This over. How you feeling, Man? I got great. Okay. This is crazy. What's crazy? What? Crazy. Hey Mac, come here. Mac what? Big hit the wobble one time. Hit the wobble one time for Big Mac.


You can't do the wobble. He lost weight. Do the Chacha. Mac is concerned. Mac is concerned for, well, you concerned about he's he's concerned about the single people, single nieces. What you got, the single sister are Single friends. Matt, I know you're wage war between the single community and the Fat Lives Matter community because you don't want this war. You don't want this war. We got nine, but time baby, Just Mac, just talk. Just say what you said to me. I was just, I was just concerned because Say it with your chest. Come on this, all Of them. This lady took the mile high club. Like literally. And it just made me think that the way you was coming to the defense, that maybe you was just upset that you wasn't getting any turbulence in your middle seat. Wow. Ah, You said your middle seat is empty.


This, this came from a Pink spot. I love you. I love you. It Came from love. I love you. And this is with Lauren. Absolute. This response is, I don't even know why Lauren, why are you Lauren? Lauren? Why are you getting upset? Why ahead? I'm represented for my people. And I. Just wanna say, who is Your people? At least, at least who is your people? A lot of the single community only need a middle seat. We don't need multiple seats. I Mean, that's true. That's true. Max. She said you whoa. But it is obvious that ladies, it is getting bad. 'cause y'all fall in love with all in inanimate objects. Y'all fall in love with roses. Y y'all fall in love with planes. Ain. It's it. It's getting Bad. And Y'all were falling in love with objects like, yo, okay, turn the W off.


This is over. Wrapping up. It's over. What's the last thing you fell in love with? This is not about me. We not doing this. Listen, man, I don't even like, you should fall in love with objects. 'cause objects in the mirror are closer than they appear. So that lets me know objects. You'll be with an object before you be with a man. That's what I'm getting on. I got you gonna find, you gonna find somebody. You gonna find somebody. That's what I'm getting from a hood. All right. When we come back, fawn Weaver will be joining us. Big Fawn. She's the CEO of Uncle Nearest whiskey. Lemme tell you something, fawn came up here seven years ago. That's right. And seven years ago she had an idea and her idea was this whiskey called Uncle Nearest.


That's right. Seven years later, uncle Nearest has a valuation of $1.1 billion. Come on now, let's talk about it. She'll be Here in a second. I guys sense. Can I add this? What? This is the difference to Diddy, what we just was talking about? Oh No. Let's come back and do That. No, it's important. Not right now. Okay. No. Y'all know I don't, I don't like to leave nothing out. It's important. Okay. Alright, we'll be back at The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in for Jess, and we got a special guest in the building. That's right. We have four Weaver, ladies and gentlemen. New book out now called Love and Whiskey, the remarkable story of Jack Daniel, his master distiller, nearest Green, and the improbable rise of Uncle Nearest.


Yes. How are you feeling this morning? I'm feeling great. Like a billion dollars. I I'm feeling too. I, I'm in the hallway. I'm feeling good. Who is this? This has to be here. So break down what Uncle Nearest is it and explain what whole Thing's. Got the bottle. Pass me the bottle. So this is the bottle. That's right. So this is Uncle Nearest premium whiskey. It is the most awarded bourbon of the last five years in a row worldwide. It's about to be six. That also is improbable because we're coming into an industry that's been dominated by the same people for hundreds of years. And it became the fastest growing still is Bourbon or American whiskey in US history. Wow. And Uncle Nearest is the first known African American master distiller.


His name is Nearest Green. His legal name was Nathan. But we don't use Nathan because he didn't use Nathan any document on him that he was involved in post-slavery. He didn't use Nathan, which it was very common. If. you were given a name that after you were free If, you didn't like the name, you changed the name. So he went by Nearest his kids called him Nearest, his grandkids called him Nearest. So we, we call him Nearest Green. But now when Nearest, when this came out, it was the first time an African American was ever commemorated on a spirit bottle. And when we opened Nearest Green Distillery, it was the first time ever that a distillery had been named after an African American. Can you break down the whole Jack Daniels of it all?


Absolutely. Every, everybody knows Jack Daniels, Right? Yeah. Could you break down Like why he's so intricate to this Story too? Because Nearest Green was the teacher of of Jack Daniel. He was the teacher, he was the mentor. Before this story came out, before I did the research and brought the researchers together, Jack Daniels, the company didn't realize that distillery number seven ever existed. Their records only went back so far. And so they're looking at it and looking at their distillery number. I said, no, no, no, you gotta take that back. Old number seven was the actual distillery. And Nearest Green is the only known master distiller for distillery number seven. So when I came to this story, the very first thing that I did was buy that original property where distillery number seven was where Jack grew up, the 313 acres above Lynchburg, Tennessee.


Because that allowed me to start piecing the story together and to be able to, I mean, coming into a story that is so iconic, Jack Daniels is a ubiquitous brand around The World. And I was coming in and saying not only was an African American there at the beginning of it, but Jack treated him fairly. Mm. And you're talking about the South Lynchburg, Tennessee. And for a person to be treated as an equal, that was a black person. That was unheard of. What year was this? This? So this is in the 19th century. So everywhere from about 56, 18, 56 into until Jack died in 1910.


Because I know with prohibition too, 'cause a lot of people will hear this story and say, well if he treated him nicely, why did you have to go back and say, check out distillery number seven. But with prohibition, there were so many different things that happened where they made it where like after Har, like with when Harlem Renaissance came along and like just the political powers that black people couldn't say, oh, I did that. Well, in this instance it was a little different. So in this instance, during prohibition, prohibition was 20 years in our country, 19, 20 years. But in Tennessee it was 30. Wow. Okay. They Start at 10 years


In this election, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom. The freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it. Because when we fight, we win. I'm keep running because a winner don't quit on themselves Paid for by Harris for President.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State, Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like The Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa. Do com to learn more. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


It's before. So most people don't know that Jack Daniels moved to the loo. Jack Daniels was in St. Louis for 10 years. Got you. And leading up to Prohibition. So on the other side of Prohibition, the it reopens, but it's in so much trouble. Jack's nephew is in trouble. So they eventually had to sell it to another company. It's under that company's watch. Got you. Okay. That the story disappeared. But under Jack and his descendants, they made sure. So when you look at this photo, the reason why I started this book with this photo is Jack Daniel didn't just put a black man to his right in 1904, he seeded the entire center position of the photo to the black man. So that was Jack's way of saying, America's gonna try to write you out.


I'm not gonna allow him to. Wow. And then his biography written in 1967, hi to the Civil Rights era. And you have Nearest, his boys mentioned more times than Jack and Jack's own family. Wow. And so you knew that Jack wanted us to know, not only was he here at the beginning, don't ever forget it. And so that's the reason why the story mattered to me. If this was another one of the stories where African Americans were done wrong and we were like pushed to the side, this story would've had no interest to me. We have enough of those stories. Yeah. What interested me about this story is I felt as though it was a story that we may have been treated. Right. And, I wanted to prove it if it was true. Because if we don't have any hope, like if every story we hear, we don't have anything to go toward.


If every single story lacks hope, then we just walk around here thinking, well, it's always been terrible. It's always going to be terrible. But if every generation we can find those glimmers of hope that move us forward, then we know where we're going. What got you Into Spirits Nearest Green? So cementing, cementing his legacy originally book movie. Right? Super simple. But if I were to, well you all in this room, you might know. But if I go in And, I have a room, And I have a thousand people in that room, and I'm talking to them, And I say, how many people saw Hidden Figures? 99% of the room hands up. Right? Absolutely. If I said, name for me, the three women who were the hidden figures played by Taraji p Henson, Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monet.


I can do May Mae Jameson. You are the first person to ever. So how, why? Because my daughter wants to be an astronaut. Okay. Why? So you got so much maye stuff around. That's Why Yeah. Can never be counted in these stories because he always has this wealth of information that's, but in a room like that, nobody can ever name. So we all walk into a movie theater and we walk out remembering the same people we knew before we went in to. And so if we wanted to make sure that this story a hundred years from now, someone wasn't having to uncover it again, then we had to do what? Johnny Walker, Jim Beam and, and Jack Daniel. Why are, why do we all know who those people are?


Because we're watching them. Every time we go into a bar, we see their name. That's right. Right. Wow. I saw, I saw for the book that you interviewed some people that were 106 years old, Nearest, his granddaughter was still alive. Wow. Wow. When Nearest, his granddaughter was alive. And Jack's great niece was alive. She died at 1 0 4 and nearest his granddaughter died at 1 0 8. Did they drink whiskey? They, I gotta start drinking whiskey here. That's the Case. So here's the deal is you will find in that book, a lot of the African American elders that I interviewed were 90, 95. And so yeah, Whiskey might be the key. Man. You know when you down south and it's crazy. Right? 'cause they, they eat everything They say you're not supposed to eat because I'm from South Carolina.


You eat everything you're not supposed to eat. That's me. And they drink cognac every day or whiskey every day. That's me. You. Know what I'm saying? You do whiskey every day. Every day. But it's in moderation. It's, it's in moderation. Listen, If, you had pour a glass, I'd be drinking and it's like 10 o'clock in the, in morning morning to pour you on. No, I'm good. Okay. I'm good. But the thing is, is that I don't ever drink to a point of being tipsy. Got you. I love to, I love it. I love how it brings inhibitions down. I love how you're able to have great conversations. But the moment I even feel my head buzz, I will put it down until, until it doesn't anymore. So I don't like tipsy, I don't like drunk. But I do love, I have, I have Uncle Ris every night. How, how were their memories People? How, how, how was her?


Did his granddaughters memory? His granddaughter's memory was not great. Okay. Okay. But everyone else's memory was great. And the thing that I love about being able to capture their interviews, both, I had a crew with me, so on video and tape, tape recording and that kind of thing was that so many people, between the time I started the research and the time that Uncle NRIs came out, or at least the distillery opened, so many of them passed away. And it's almost like they were just holding on to tell their piece of this story. And then they're like, okay, I'm done. And it got to a place where almost every couple weeks there was another funeral. Oh wow. And so people held on and, and so I got to capture all of their, all of their words in this book.


Wow. All right. We got more with Fa Weaver when we come back. She is the CEO of Uncle Nearest whiskey. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne. The guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in for Gs now. We can't get it with Fa Weaver. She is the CEO of Uncle Nearest whiskey, which recently got a evaluation of $1.1 billion. Lauren Beyonce shouted you out. First of all, how did you feel about that when she shouted y'all out? Yeah. People, people have been tagging me when her whiskey came out last week. I think I was in London and doing literally because love and whiskey dropped in London. And I was doing nonstop interviews. And so people are tagging me with, with Beyonce's situation.


Yeah. And I from what I understand from my husband, I have a really beautiful gift at home with her whiskey in it when I get back home. So I'm super excited Yeah. About that. She gave you guys a really good shout out and talked about how good it was. Yeah, yeah. Like all that. But she also, like, literally the next question after they ask her about like just navigating business and industry. Yeah. And she talks about how like when it comes to brands, women have always had to kind of be forced into like the face of the brand. Yeah. But you never like the strategy, the planner and the, like the boss of the CEO. Yeah. So it's to hear you say that is in line with like, she really identifies with your story. Oh no, absolutely. And, and she's the queen. So You know, we kinda all bow down there. Have any Of these celebrities, especially the ones that you named earlier, reached out to you for advice because you've, you've conquered, you, you, you are working, you, you, you put your foot in these people's asses where they, they're having a bunch of problems.


Whether it's a, a Diddy back then or a J or a 50 or a Kevin Hart or everybody else that has their own lick of Snoop. Yeah. Has anybody ever reached out to you for advice or help? So none of those, the people who have reached in to me are generally those who want to start a brand. And their response is always when I say why, it's always Clooney. And I'm like, okay, so what Doy do You know about the Clooney deal? And he sold it from Bruno. Every, that's it. They don't know. They don't know why that one worked. Why that was one out of like easily 99% plus celebrity brands fail easily in this industry. And everyone keeps pointing to that one. And I'm like, you, if you're gonna point to, you have to know why he succeeded.


It wasn't just his celebrity and just kind of, so I usually spend the whole conversation breaking down for them why that Casamigos actually succeeded. And by the time we get to the end of the call, I usually don't see them come out with a friend because they don't wanna do the work. They don't wanna do the work. It's a lot of work. I mean it's a lot of foot. Like when I used to be in the market, I used to always see you in all of my accounts. Yeah. And, I. I always wondered like, how did you get, because it's hard to get in accounts. I was in those accounts. Yeah, you were. And you were front. People don't understand there's a business and when you sit at the bar, you front and center at the bar, people can see you. That means your people are out there doing the work. Absolutely. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of work. Yeah. This is not a, this is not posted on social media and hold up your bottle, hold up your glass.


And you think that, I mean, If, you are a big celebrity, a really big celebrity that will allow you to have a great launch. But the work is not in the launch. The work is how you grow it after the launch. And that's where almost all of them fail. Did Beyonce reach out? No. Well, years. Years. Years. Not Beyonce. Okay. Lemme say that. Not Beyonce. Yeah, Because I couldn't tell 'cause the way she, I mean the way she shouted y'all, I couldn't tell if she had spoke to y'all prior to launching her brand or not. But I can say this and it's, and it's because the person who reached in to me had me sign an NDA. That's why I paused. Got you. Got you. Gotcha. But it was, it was quite a few years ago, And I gave my advice on it. I said, these are the things that will need to happen if it's going to succeed.


And And I said, and by the way, I'm around. So any person in this industry who is a woman or person of color will tell you if they reach out to me, I give them all the keys, everything that I know I share freely. 'cause it's not mine to keep, it's not mine to hold. Absolutely. If the information came to me and it's gonna help you succeed, I'm going to give it to you. But you better still do the work. Right. And so I told them, this was probably about four years ago. I told them as you're working on this project, feel free to reach out to me at any time. And I will share with you whatever. I know And I didn't hear anything. So Wow. Wow. Man. Welcome to Yeah, you got a story. That's why you got a book, man. It support foam weaver And everything.


Congratulations Again ladies Gentle. Get the whiskey uncle nears everything. That's right. Like you are very, very inspiring in so many different ways. Absolutely. Thank you. And it's not, and to me it's not because of the 1.1 billion valuation. It's just because you had a dream and you did not give up on your dream. And it's a dream connected to the ancestors because of you. Uncle Nera story will continue to grow to be told. Yes. That's incredible. I feel like that's what we're here to do. Yes. Because it is it, we're not here to be reservoirs. We're here to be rivers. That's right. And my life is a river. That's right. Fa Weaver. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us. Thank you. DJ nv. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get to past the S Dj. Yeah. dj. Spin. Spin. Yes. So before we get into past the SI wanted to make sure that I added this part into all of the Diddy Don for Don't be freaking find, don't be freaking find past the S with no Diddy story. No, no, no. But this is just important when you reporting something legal, you gotta get all the facts in. So Correct. End the filing. Like deep in the filing, she mentions between 2009 and 2011, things got worse for her.


She says that she was backstage in a dressing room and she was naked and he came into the dressing room. And then, I'm sorry. Yeah. And then she says that at one point, somewhere, at some point he inappropriately touched her breast and her butt. So I just wanted to make sure that we also put that in, because that's the part of the filing in her story. So yikes. Sorry, Nyla, I, we continue Dawn and All that. Sorry. It's all right. I'm about to raise the vibration. Thank you. Jesus Christ. Happy Friday guys. To think there was a point when we thought just walking to Brooklyn for cheesecake was, story was crazy, right? I know. Actually still is crazy. It's Still crazy. But yeah, because junior's not even that good. Watch your mouth. No. What? I'm not a cheesecake person.


I Can't say if it's good or not. I gotta pick the right flavor. By the way, Juniors, if you're listening, I love the, the Fudge Junior CS Shake is banging. Feel free to send me some, but, all right. I wanna kick it off with Layla. She's a new RB singer. She's also most deaf daughter that's been going viral lately. But she had not my problem go viral earlier this year. And she just dropped her first tape called Gap Year. And the song that I like the most right now is called Want two. Okay. We dig it. We dig it. Yep, yep, yep. Yeah. Shout out to Layla. Shout out to GA Gap year. The project is actually super dope. She produces, she sings, she's like a freak talent. Wow. And ironically, I actually met her like, don't Call nobody a freak talent. I thought I did stuff right. Yo, I was thinking that.


I'm like, yo Do Now. Nonetheless. I met her years ago when I went to go talk at her high school. So it was really cool to watch really her evolve. Yeah, that's, does that Make you, she feels fresher. Well, probably not because most definitely a rapper. So she never, And nobody even knew that was her father. She was going viral before that was even a thing. Yeah. So I think she's in good hands next though. I'm gonna keep it pushing with Joey Badass and Chloe Bailey. They dropped a record called Tell Me, which kind of gives me like that early two thousands duet type of vibe. Okay. I always love when Joey Badass does Girl Records. So shout out to Joey, shout out to Chloe as well. Big fan of her voice. My third record is gonna be a record off of Eminem's deluxe album called Feel Featuring West Side Boogie and Grip And I.


Don't know who had the better verse on this. I'm not gonna play the whole thing, but I got a little bit of both. Ooh. Who is Grip? I ain't never heard of No Grip. Yeah. Tough. He's Fly. Where You from? Tough. I don't know where he is from. Damn. But So you Grip don't know you. But that's my first time hearing some boss. Yeah. Now You know you got something young man. You Know what I heard yesterday. Na what? I know you a hip hop head Renegade. Remember Jay-Z. And of course Eminem the version without Jay Royce to five nine. You Swear. No, I never Heard that. I know. See you've never heard that? No, I never heard. That's been on the internet for a year. Royce the five nine. I never Royce Em was on the on the record originally And original. Yeah. I didn't so late with that. Yeah, I Am late. So who got the better verse? Royce or M?


Still MI don't remember. I heard that. I mean, I heard it so long ago. I don't remember. But It was dope. It was dope Hearing Royce go on that Record. That's funny you said that because I was listening to that record this Now I'm like, yo Royce would've killed this record. Yeah. Record. Did you just played with gripping Conway and m I'm like, Royce would destroy that. Okay, I'm gonna check it out. And then last but not at least feel like we gotta do this Kendrick record. I know it's not out on DSPs, but the party's over the Party die Party. Watch the party die. Who's the radio personality? I don't, who is it? It's Charlemagne. No, shut up. I don't think he, I don't think he's talking about an individual. I think he's talking about, I think he's making broad generalizations because there's another part where he says the influencer. I think he's just talking about the culture of influencers. Mm. Same thing with radio. I think he's talking about You know the propaganda that is pushed on radio.


Like You know radio does push a lot of the to music that probably is influencing people wrong. And we try to have a balance, but that's just the reality of the situation. It is. But I think he's just talking about, I think he's just making generalizations in general. Yeah. And listen, like I said the other day, You know I don't want Kendrick or anybody You know to go crazy trying to change The World. In order to change The World, you gotta change yourself first. So you gotta be the change you wanna see in The World, you gotta treat all of this. The way Noah treated building the arc, God told Noah to build the arc and he told people, he said, tell people the rain is coming. Now whether they wanna listen or not, that's on them, right? Yeah. But when the rain comes, they will be trying to get on that arc. But the dog gonna be closed.


So now you gonna drown. And we also gotta keep in mind at some point, God might just have to pressure wash this whole planet. He's done it before. It's not like he hasn't pressure washed the planet before. It might be a time where he just gotta get rid of everything and start over. That's how you keep your head Shiny so he can see you, Him hit you. The water, listen, whatever God got playing, I'm All for it. They're definitely doing a pressure wash to the music industry right now in general. I don't know if it's God, but with all the firings, layoffs and just changes that we're seeing, that's what they get. That's what they get. That's What they get. Because No, the people that are being affected though, aren't the people who are the ones eating. Listen, Radios, radio and records need to shift radio. Radio and records. Labels have been operating from a old playbook for a long time.


And a lot of the things that are happening to them is their own doing. If, you don't shift. If, you don't shift culture. Culture will shift you. Culture's definitely changing the, the thing I agree with and resonate with the most that Kendrick is saying is just the integrity part. Like people are not having no integrity and people just, That's been a long time Doing anything for a check. Like I like that. But Kendrick's not the first person to say these things and put these things in a song. But I just think it's the most impactful because coming off of the year he's had and just the caliber of our artist He is and and salute the D one. Salute the Lecrae salute the Terrance Martin. I, I can't wait to see what D one and Lecrae do after. I hope they jump on it shot.


I hope they jump on this. And do they own version of it? I think that'll be dope. Yes. Mm. Alright. Talk to D one yesterday. I talked to Lecrae yesterday too. Alright. All right, well make sure y'all follow me on the gram at Nyla Simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Make sure you guys tap into my playlist. Make sure you guys tap into my podcast. We need to talk. That's at W-N-T-T-L-K and make sure you guys follow at it's a certified vibe. We got some more events and shows on the way. Nyla. Alright, well thank you Nyla. And also I gotta remind you guys that Powerhouse NYC tickets go on sale at 10:00 AM A Boogie with the hoodie. Gunna boss man Dlo Jordan Atune G game from on the radio and so many more. All right, so get your tickets. 10:00 AM positive note is up next.


The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess And I. Just wanna say salute I September 21st, which is next Saturday is the Battle of H going down in DC. Hampton University versus Howard University. I am DJing the game. Oh that's so insane. So I want all the HBCUs in the surrounding areas to pull up September 21st. Again, the Battle of U You know I went to Hampton University, but I always love my HBCU. So that's September 21st. Lauren, you should go You know why. Why be some single man? I'm sure there for you.


Oh my looking man. Nv. I'm about to do a whole run at HBCUs. Nice. Qualifi HBCUs U gentlemen for you. Shout Out to the, I'm gonna announce stuff soon, but shout out to the HBCUs that are booking me to come and host stuff during their season. October. I'm about to be everywhere. So if my husband is out there, he's gonna find me. Y'all don't gotta worry. We doing a couple Together. You say things like I'm doing like Lauren looking for a man, but are the men looking for her? It said You. know what I'm saying? You are. They Looking ain't say nothing. All right, so remember we doing a couple Of HBCUs together so We good. Remember when we came back from your party and you was like And. I was like, can you relax? Yeah. Sometimes Can you pop out and show him that he don't be knowing what he talking about because they on my body. Stop saying me was little. There was No line for Lauren on. I'm not by myself because I can't. I'm by myself because right now that's where I need to be.


Okay. It's a different, you need to be in that corner. Put you in the corner yesterday. I agree with you that You need to be by yourself. I I only on my nerve. You ain't Gonna never Oh my goodness. As she throws something at em, she misses. She getting pretty good with that. Yes. So alone again, September 21st, I'm gonna be at Audi Field in DC It's gonna be a an amazing time. Hampton University verse Howard University. The battle of HU last year. Hampton One. So I'm gonna be DJing the game. We're gonna have a lot of fun. Can't wait to see you guys. You gotta salute Rema for joining us this morning. Salute to the Good Brother Rema man. Make sure you go check out his album. He is Okay. He's a artist that I'm really tapped into As far as Afrobeats, I don't even know, I don't like to call everything Afrobeats 'cause all of them do different types of music.


Tell him your favorite song. He does Afrobeat. He does Afrobeats. Tell him your favorite song. Charla. He's killing him on. He he, he also salute the farm Weaver pulling up. That's right. I love seeing those stories man. Seven years ago she came up here talking to us about this brand she was launching called Uncle EZ Whiskey. Now it's evaluation of $1.1 billion. That's right. So salute to her and also salute to Swiss Beat man. Happy born day to Swiss Beat and Tyler Perry. Happy born day to the Good Brother Tyler Perry. Man, appreciate both of those brothers. That's right. Alright, well it's time to get up outta here. You got a positive note? Oh yes. And I. Wanna tell people too? Make sure you go to mental wealth expo.com to register for my fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo.


You know it's a free event. All ages are welcome. You just gotta go to mental wealth expo.com. The register to vote is is October. Not to register to vote, the register to be there. It is October 12th from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott Marque in Time Square. Some of your You know some of the best psych psychiatrists and therapists and grief counselors and spiritual leaders are gonna be there. So go to mental wealth expo.com to register to be in the building free for all ages. All right, now the positive notice simply this, I'm very cautious about who has access to me lately. And it's not outta arrogance, it's outta the need to continue to protect my space and energy as I continue to do the work to elevate myself. Okay. This chapter of my life requires me to be a little less accessible.


So if that resonates with you, carry it into the weekend. Have a great day. Breakfast Cup, bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all Done?


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet. Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top. Fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide


Residents at BrightView Senior. Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If. you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough, or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.