
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Did you know using your browser in incognito mode doesn't actually protect your privacy? Take back your privacy with IP Vanish. VPN. Just one tap and all your data passwords, communications, browsing, history and more will be instantly protected. IP Vanish makes you virtually invisible online. Use IP vanish on all your devices anytime you go online at home, and especially on public wifi. Get IP vanish now for 70% off a yearly plan with this exclusive offer at ip vanish.com/audio.


Show me how good it can get today, God, and show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer, and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeves. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast. From iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo, Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The God Peace to the Planet is Friday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. We are in the midst of cancer season, baby. How my fellow cancers out there doing, huh? Mm huh. Sensitive feeling everything. I understand. Oh, Listen, very much so, you know, my husband is a cancer, and Lord, he's a July cancer though. Yeah. So Jess, I walk in the studio today and it says HBD Morris.


Who the hell is Morris? Morris? That, that's Dr. Morris. That's our trainer. No, I, I get it now. They think he, this guy looks like Morris Chestnut. I don't think that Oh, You talking about him? Yes, Because his birthday's this week. Sunday is Sunday Automatically that it says HBD Morris. I guess it's a play on Morris Chestnut. Well, I, listen once again, I don't think I look like Morris Chestnut. Other people think I look like Morris Chestnut. Morris Chestnut himself has said he's gotten mistaken for me. So I don't know why we keep This s The charade up. Like, I'm not gonna hold you. I seen something a couple weeks the other day, Emini here a couple weeks ago on the Shade Room. And it was, it was, I thought it was Charlemagne. It was literally Moore's chestnut though, sitting in a chair. You see what I'm saying?


You know, he'd be doing the, the, the get dressed with me. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Keep up with man at first before he got dressed up and he was looking good. You, he was looking like Charlemagne. He was sitting there with a sweatsuit on. And I was like, oh, what, what the hell is Leonard doing? And, you know, just looking dumb. I Cleaned up nice too. Yeah, but you didn't look like him once he cleaned up, That was it. All I'm simply saying is it ain't my fault. Why y'all be mad at what God designed? You know, Emini here. Oh my goodness, man. Drop on a clues bomb for God for that design he created. Okay. And I pray for Delusional People also. Me too. Happy Birthday job to be Simone. I pray for her all the time. That's my friend. Like, don't do that. That's right. And happy birthday to our producer in Boyd.


Red is his birthday Sunday as well. Happy Birthday. Me rta. Both, both. Six twenty nine. That's right. Yes, Absolutely. Now, today on the show, we have Idris Elba and John Cena. They got a new movie, heads of State. It comes out on July 2nd, and we'll be kicking it to both of Them. I'm sure y'all know Idris Elba and John Cena. Yes. No introduction either. Yes. And Also, who else is, is joining us? Jeffrey Katzenberg and Hari Akron, I, I believe is how you pronounce Hari's last name. Yes, yes. How Do it? But they stopped through the Breakfast Show. And then The Breakfast Club. I don't know why they didn't correct Jeffrey Berg when he said the Breakfast Show on the promo, but Oh, Jeffrey was the chairman of Walt Disney from 84 to 94, you know, created some of your favorite animated films like Aladdin, like Beauty and the Beast, lion King.


The Lion King, just the name a few. Yeah. He did the Improvement TV show, but then he just left. Well, they had falling out with Walt Disney and then him and Steven Spielberg and David Geffen created Dreamworks. Yes. But now they have a company called Aura. And Aura is a technology company dedicated to simplifying digital security for consumers and helping parents stay abreast of what it is their kids are into online. Because you know, what's happening online is impacting not just kids' mental health, but a lot of people's mental health. That's right. So that's what our Aura is about. So they'll be here to talk about that this morning. Alright, Well let's get the show cracking. Can we play something for a Friday? Can we play something? There we go. It's a Friday. Damn it.


Let's be happy the weekend is here. Next week is 4th of July. A lot of us are taking vacation. We're actually taking vacation, so we gonna be taking a couple of days off. Well needed. I love, be Happy. That's my favorite song ever. But you know, that's, that's, that's, that's for a certain demographic. Yeah. I literally thought you was talking about Pharrell happy. But yeah, we gonna be married Periods. Mary j Blige, be happy we throwing it back on the Fridays to Breakfast Love. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Friday. How we feeling on a Friday? Let's black and highly favored. You know, I love to hear that. Okay, so first on front page, Democrat and Republican senators are sharing different and very contrasting views on the Iran strikes after an Intel briefing.


Now, Connecticut, Democrat, Senator Chris Murphy says Iran's nuclear program has been damaged, but not quote, obliterated as President Trump maintains. He also noted that the Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, was notably absent from the, from the briefing. Meanwhile, Republican Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina was confident about the US strikes. Let's take a listen to the comments from those senators. I, I just do not think the President was selling the truth when he said this program was Alliterating. The director of National Intelligence is not allowed to be in these briefings. That's a question that we should get answered. Nobody is going to work in these three sites anytime soon.


They're not gonna get into 'em any time soon. Their operational capability was obliterated. Yeah. So this comes as the White House says, president Trump has ended Iran's nuclear threat once and for all. Press Secretary Caroline Levitt said Iran was weeks away from developing a nuclear program before Trump ordered their sights to be again, quote, obliterated, continue to use that word by you as bombers. She slammed US media reports about the effectiveness of the strikes on Iran's nuclear capabilities or nuclear facilities. Excuse me. Let's take a listen to those comments from White House Press Secretary Caroline Levitt.


The Iranian regime was weeks away from being able to produce a nuclear weapon that would threaten the entire world before President Trump took this decisive action on Saturday night to obliterate their nuclear capabilities. Despite agenda driven leaks by the fake news media aimed at undermining this incredible accomplishment achieved by President Trump and our brave fighter pilots. There is broad consensus emerging already that Iran's nuclear capabilities were indeed destroyed. So of course, her comments come while questions swirl about the effective effectiveness of the strikes the White House been playing, has been playing defense, trying to debunk a leaked intel report saying Iran's nuclear program has been delayed but not destroyed.


Levitt was pivoting saying the Trump administration now looks forward to peace and prosperity in the region. And Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Cini says the US achieved quote, nothing from its military strikes on his nation committee added during more of the than a 10 minute address the American president exaggerated events in unusual ways. And it turned out that he needed this exaggeration. That's what he said. So this of course, it marked the first public remarks since the US bomb three Iranian nuclear sites on Saturday. And the Ayatollah declared victory in the conflict. He also pushed back on President Trump's claims that the strikes were a spectacular, spectacular military success and warned against any further attacks.


So that goes to show, you know, where we are in terms of whether or not we're dealing with the, obviously the ceasefire is holding right now, but it's not all as sweet as things claim to be Iranian Leaders. I think we gotta use some common sense with some of this too, right? Like a, the Iran, the Iran Supreme leader might be trying to save face, but you know, if you drop 30,000 pound, you know, bunker busting bombs on a facility, something happened. Yeah. Like, like you can't sit here and say that nothing happened and it wasn't effecti. Like they said, you're not gonna work tomorrow. It's not one of things. Exactly. Yeah, No. Like I was, I was reading what Raphael Gross said, he's the International Atomic Energy Agency director and he said, I think annihilated is too much.


But it suffered enormous damage and Iran's foreign ministry spokesperson. He, he also said that our nuclear installations have been badly damaged. That's for sure. Once again, you dropped 30,000 pound bunkers on something, something happened. You can't sit here and say that nothing happened. It wasn't effective. They did nothing like, come on. Right. Well, we'll continue to watch the situation, monitor the situation and see what develops out of that. Now we will take it to 7:00 AM We will talk about how the President Trump is threatening lawsuits against both CNN and the New York Times over reports regarding these US airstrikes. So you guys stick around for that at seven. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. James, what's up? Get it off your chest. Yeah, Man, I wanted to put it out there. Anybody out there that be stealing from other people, you gonna mess around and get yourself hurt or worse, man, Emini here.


We're all out here struggling, so there's no need for that taking from other people. Or a lady in my neighborhood earlier this week, somebody stole her wallet out of her car. She got two young boys, man. And she worked, they went limited through my car. But I don't keep anything of value in my car. But if I could catch these people, And I, you know what's so funny? What's so funny is they, you be stealing from people who, who just trying to make it just like you are. So it's Like, yeah, I know. That's what was messed up, man. I why you stealing from other people? Yeah. I I will say this though, and, and it is very sad, but if, if you, if you look at it, and I'm not saying it's okay, a lot of these times, these kids, 16, 17 years old, they'll steal a car or steal the items out of a car.


And let's say they steal a car, somebody will pay them five, 7,000 for that car. And for them it's easy money because if they get locked up, they come right out. There's no bail, there's no nothing. And until they change that, that's, that's the only way you're gonna start changing these kids' mind frames because it's really no penalty. Think about it. You steal a call, they pay you $7,000. If you get caught, you come right home in a couple hours. But that's what, that's why my man said, you know, there's, there's gonna be consequences. By the way, that's North Carolina. North Carolina is different. North Carolina ain't got no no bail law like New Jersey, I think everywhere. Pretty much got no bail Laws. I don't think, let me make, let me make sure. I don't think so. I Know New York, New Jersey, la this mad, mad town, like pretty much everybody got no bail laws in the mo now. Well, All I can say, if I catch these people, man, it's going be something.


It's gonna be me and them. Me, Yes sir. Yeah. North Carolina does not have a no bail law. Oh, totally. New York, New Jersey does. There's no, have a good day. Yes sir. Have a good day, brother. There's no blanket policy. Eliminating bail for all crimes in North Carolina. Yeah. New New York, new That Jersey Guy from North Carolina. Yeah, that's what he said. North Carolina. North Carolina Is like New York. New Jersey is Emini Here. You, you come out immediately, which is, which is very sad. Yeah. Hello? Who's this? Hey, it's Bobby. Hey Bobby. What's up? You up your chest Bobby? I I was holding on the other day and then y'all hung up on Me. Oh, this king of all blacks? Yeah. Why y'all do that? Man? I told them not to keep you on hold like that. Man, we, some of people Emini here.


We got some employees that need to be deported to be totally honest with you guys. Oh My God. I'm be honest. What Up brother? Get off your chest. Hey, what I'm, I'm curious with Charlamagne, I'm curious, what's the odds of Diddy getting out? That I acquitted at everything? I I honestly have no idea. My brother, you know, I I I'm, I'm just like everybody else, you know, speculating playing YouTube lawyer. I, I have no, I really honestly have no idea. If you ask me, I I think he, the, the best case scenario for him is a hung, hung jury. Other than that Emini here, I can, I can see them getting him on the, the prostitution charges. But then it's the Feds, bro. Like the feds got a 95% conviction rate.


Yes. Who knows what's gonna happen. Yeah. I really don't know, like, you know, And I have no idea. And Then when they, and then when they showed that their hand was kind of weak, it, it, it kind of gave 'em hope. But I, I think I agree with you man, at the end of the day, I think they might get him on something. I think, did he walk? I don't think before he gets Tom served? I think, did he walk? I don't think he, Bro, it's the feds. I don't, I don't think, I don't think that they, we've seen People beat the feds before. Irv Gotti beat The feds. Yep. And name another one. They got a 95% conviction rate. Hey, 95. Hey, listen, here's the thing. I I don't think that even when you say they, they charges were weak, I don't think that they're weak. They just streamlined them. That's all. And then how you gonna tell, imagine me telling you not to consider something you already hurt.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But but that, but see with with that, when you said that the, the, the problem with that is they can't consider it. You know what I'm saying? I know what you mean. It's in their mind like it, but Yeah, but you still think about it even though you're not supposed to consider it. But when you are, you are deliberating that's, you still something that you seen or what you heard. That's Right. Yeah. You talking about on the freak off tapes? No, the, the telling him not to consider the arson or the kidnapping. Oh, okay. I don't how many, how many people, how many Two personalities. If he gets acquitted is gonna say, I knew he was gonna get acquitted. The same people that said that he was gonna go to jail. All of 'em Emini here. Listen, I I honestly don't know what's gonna happen King.


All blacks. I have no idea. Have a good, Well we'll definitely see in the next couple of days I'm sure. And I'm sure Lauren will be breaking it down in a little bit. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up, wake up. Wake your, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you man or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? This is Sharay from 7 5 7. Hey, 7 5 7. What's going? Hey, happy the early birthday Charlotte. Thank you very much. I appreciate You appreciate y'all cancer. But Y'all, you love us.


I tried to my ex-husband a cancer. I'm just, oh my God. I just got sick this last night to come. You Coming to the show girl? Yes, That's what's up. I'm Excited. Love you. I love you too. You coming tonight or tomorrow? Tomorrow. And envy. I'm coming to the Kapa show too. Before you even ask. I'm coming. I was gonna ask but I love the fact that you're from the 7 5 7. You know I love my 7 5, 7 family But I know where you from. But y'all have a good day. I'm on my way to work. Where You from? Girls? What part of seven? Five. Seven. Norfolk. I'm Chesapeake. Chesapeake. Okay. I sound like I'm from Norfolk. You said what? I sound like I'm from Norfolk. Yes you do. From Chesapeake.


From Norfolk. Well have a good one. Enjoy the comedy show this weekend. Okay. Alright, thank you. And if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. Just will be be in. Need to get your tickets Virginia, tonight and tomorrow. What the show Tomorrow? Seven and nine tonight and then six 30 and nine tomorrow. So get your ticket to jess lawyers official.com. That's right. Hello, who's this? This is Ahman Ahad. What's up? Getting it off your chest First of all. Good morning everybody. Good Morning Please, please. Hey Jeff, how you here? Good morning. What's up? Hey, I wanted to talk about my wife's podcast. She had an interview with a aerospace, a black, the rocket science.


Her name is Dr. Camille Allen. Okay. My wife's podcast is Beauty Topics podcast. She talks about the pursuit of excellence. This lady is from like Trinidad, a small little country and she made it all the way to be like the head of nasa. Wow. Congratulations to her man. Absolutely. Very Nice. Appreciate that. But you know, check it out. Okay, will, will do brother. Thank You man. You have a good one man. Alright, thank you. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren. She'll be breaking down everything with Diddy. She's working on that now. So we'll see you in a second. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowes Premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Show me how good it can get today, God. And show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeds. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer, hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast that explores society, culture, and the intersections of faith and identity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian to hear conversations about what it means to sound the way you look. I think what I've had to make peace with is that every iteration of my voice is given to me by God And I love it. Books That validated our identity. The Library now for me is a safe space as someone who is writing books that they're trying to take off of shelves And how we as black queer folks relate to our Christianity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this Taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. It's really, really, Really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two, and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network, hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and meat eater founder Steven Ronella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the Ice Age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, You Know, so join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Nobody care about the show today, Jess, I just want you to know that it's the last day before vacation. Everybody's just floating around. Damn, doing their own thing. Envy walking around here with headphones on for no damn reason. Humming the music that he don't even know what the hell he's singing. Stupid. It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club. Good morning. How are y'all feeling today? How you feeling? I'm good. It's Friday. Yes, I'm, I'm good. Feel blessed Black and Holly feeling. What's, what's Lauren? She doing research cooking up a big story man. She gotta confirm if, oh yeah, Walter Scott from the Whispers passed away. Rest in peace to Walter Scott. She rest in peace to Walter to confirm, even though it's everywhere. Did you confirm it? Did you confirm? I haven't heard back from the person I released the statement. But that is what, that is what we do over Here. The Knight did a mix. Well that is what We knife did a mix, I promise, mix every Real newsroom that wakes up this morning and sees that news, even though it's there, they will reach out still for their own statement.


And they will say that in their story. They Put out a statement and every classic radio station is saying it all, all the urban ac urban AC station, the WBLS is the W DSS of The World. They did it. Lil Duval did a post. He loves the whispers. I think we can confirm it. Okay, great. Well let's get to the ladies. She just wanted to know because she was very sick. Thank you Jess. Lauren. She gets him from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la Sometimes facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes you have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest in The Breakfast Club. Talk, Talk to me.


Alright y'all, so yesterday in court closing arguments begin. So the prosecution is up first. They took the full day yesterday. Yesterday was a very long day. Even though it was supposed, it was a shorter day. So basically what they did in their closing statements or closing argument arguments were they, they took us back through a lot of the stories that they've told us the whole time we've been in court. And they specifically pointed to different charges that these stories prove. One of the things that they spent a lot of time on was the man act. And they were trying to basically have a conversation about what actually, like what is required to prove that Diddy was flying in these different escorts and blah blah, blah, blah, blah.


Like all those things, right? So directly the prosecutor is telling the jurors like, you know, you don't have to worry about if force was required, fraud, coercion, or even the consent because you don't need any of that. As long as we can prove that there were these people flown in and that Diddy was allegedly at the, like he was the one paying and organizing this. That is the charge. They did a lot of laying that out yesterday. You know, that That's what they got r Kelly on. They got r Kelly on several violations of the man act. They brought up r Kelly a lot in the, the day before in the charging conference when they were talking about how they were gonna word the instructions to the jury. You do a lot of like case law to say why you're able to like argue for certain words and things of that nature.


And they brought up r Kelly a lot of times, probably five Times. Didn't Cassie say that she, she flew people in as well and paid them as well? Yes. And took care of, of all Of that. But at the same time they, they literally had communication that they showed on the screen yesterday from Diddy. That is, you know, he's talking to escorts, he's asking for their information for flight stuff. He is transferring money different places. What is He saying? Sex? Because I, I thought he was part of that was he was See now that paying Them for Comfort, see now that is a thing. So yes, his team is arguing that they were paid for their time and their discretion. But the prosecution is saying that that is ridiculous. And what they did use to point to that at one, at one point was there was like a, a communication between Diddy and one of the, the escort services.


And he's was complaining because the escort that they had, I don didn't wanna say rented. That sounds so unhuman, but, but the escort that they had paid, they that they hired didn't finish or whatever. So Diddy was like, he couldn't even complete the job, but he never said what the job was. Right. It was very vague. So that's gonna be a point of argument as well. But yeah, that, that's, that took majority of the time in court yesterday. Court was so packed. Y'all I've never, so the main courtroom, of course was closed by the time I got there. 'cause I was here And I was told that there was a ton of family there. So his Sonos are there, his daughters are back, his mom is always there, some of his Sonos friends, all the things. But the overflow room itself was like packed.


You walked in, they, they had to escort us to a a, a backup overflow room. Really? Okay. There was so many people there yesterday. It Was closing arguments, right? Yeah. But yeah, that Makes sense. Yeah. But today and the actual, like the, the day that the verdict comes out, of course it's gonna be even crazier. So court has gotten back crazy again. So What's today? So today the defense is going to go Gotcha. So the defense will start having conversations about what their closing arguments are. And they're obviously gonna argue a lot of what you just said because It has to be proven from for reasonable doubt, right? Yes. So the fact that he didn't say completion now finish, that could be taken many different ways. Yeah, but that's what they were arguing. You finish. So you done Literally they were arguing about like what the, what the terminology around it.


What the terminology around commercial sexual acts is. Remember I told you guys that like, do you actually have to finish or do you not have to finish that Don't even, that honestly does not make no sense because if you purchase the prostitute, you purchased the prostitute. You no, you purchased the escort. Well that's, they not If it's illegal, it's illegal is what I'm saying. But you could purchase a escort, people purchase escorts every Day. But that was an argument. They're Saying yes, That was but that was a argument for Comfort though. And for dating, not for sex. It don't matter. It's Illegal. It's not illegal if you pur purchase him for comfort. But That was so if it Wasn't illegal, why he don't try for It then? Because they're saying that he purchased it for sex. It don't matter if it's illegal. I like, if I order a prostitute And I Just say I just wanted to talk to her. No, I still paid for the prostitute. No, no, no, no. There's, there's escort services that people can use.


Like if, if like let's say Lauren, This, this wasn't one of them is what I'm saying. It's not illegal escort service he used. Well yeah, there was it escort service that he did use. But what I was trying to say was that was an argument in court on the charging conference day. Because what is, what is happening is the prosecutors are arguing that yes, you can pay for escorts to come and blah blah blah. But because of what actually went down from what we've heard on the stand from escorts, it then changes the terminology Correct. Into prostitutes. But also too, not even just the escorts, the prosecution is arguing that anybody that was flown in money was at, at any way transferred. So whether he's paying for something or he's paying you directly, whether you're escort or you're just a woman coming in, that they can have a conversation about whether you're a prostitute or Correct.


So being that he's charged with engaging in prostitution, they're trying to prove it wasn't prostitution basically. Yes. Yes. His team. His team, yeah. Yes, a hundred percent. Now, And I will say too, they also were arguing yesterday in court, not arguing, but they were having a conversation with the jury yesterday in court that it only takes one instance. Like they only need to prove one time that Diddy allegedly paid for these male escorts to travel in for the sexual encounters in order to convict him. So their whole thing yesterday with the prosecutors was we are, we've been more than clear on our case and here's all the reasons why the text messages. Yep. Everything that they broke down the Cra And the crazy part about this too is right, if Diddy did pay a prostitute or pay somebody for sex, right?


Yeah. Diddy's the only one being charged. The prostitute himself is not being charged. They just got immunity. The per the other person that paid for it got immunity. Everybody. I I promise you if Diddy come home, you ain't gonna be a boy. I don't but you, but you gotta base it off of everything party. Everybody should be charged for this. But even, even everybody should be charged With it. But even with the Rico, right? 'cause remember we were arguing about like how they gonna figure that out if they, they are gonna be able to figure that out. They, what the prosecution is doing now is they're bringing it like the indictments started up here, right? We land and see they came into his homes, now they're bringing it down by, we only need one instance of all these things we've told you about. So yesterday were arguing that to convict Diddy on that Rico charge, they only need, they only need to find Diddy.


That Diddy agreed that he or another member of his organization would commit at least two criminal acts under that charge. So, and they've talked about several different times where even if you didn't go into the crime with him, you watch things allegedly happen when down. So now that makes you part of the crime. Yeah, you're right there. So, But, but that's my point. Diddy's, the only one that's charged the prostitutes are not charged. None of the other people that paid the charge. Nobody else is charged. But did he, this he got immunity, correct? This, This is why people should just be gay. What He could have had all the men he wanted legally, you know what? Emini here and wouldn't have to freaking fight through none of this red tape if he just had the freedom to be himself. But What if, what if one of his things That get him, if he not gay, what if he bisexual?


That's why he should just be Gay. Whatever it is. All I'm simply saying is you bringing all of these men in, okay. For whatever reason, all right? He just felt like he wasn't free to be whatever it is he was supposed to be. So he had to pay for it. What if he got Allegedly? What if he got off on paying for it though? Take That, that, you know, something That bread You could, you could be a, a sugar daddy for another man, you know? Yeah. But like same way he could trick on a woman. You could trick on a man. But I, I don't even think it's the gay bi. I think he wanted a professional pounder to pound out his girl. Shut up man. You know what I'm saying? That's he, because you ain't even serious about none of this. And that's why I don't even like having the conversation with no, he is dead. This man set a professional pounding.


He trying to have all of this legal jargon with Lauren and he just playing. And I know he just waiting for me to start playing too. But now see that's why he keep going now he working professional In the next hour. A professional pounding like somebody professional to pound his girl. That's what he said. Envy. That's crazy. You used to be a Ciroc boy. Now you sitting up here talking about professional, pounding professional in the next hour He can't get a professional girl because it's getting a professional pounding. I'm trying to be scared to say I just want him to be who he really is. If that's who he really is. Okay. And that's gay. But then he come in, Well if he come home, he gonna certainly be on the float. He with Carlos King at the New York City Pride. So with all the other professional ERs, there's a lot of professional pound in the Pride parade, Jess.


Okay? Yes. The pride is gonna be full of professional pound. Oh my god. Professional pound float would be crazy. Yes. And it would be. That's a float full of top. And guess who putting a bed in the Be dj? Not me up here or happy. Nope. DJ in. I hate Y'all man. And that's the latest one, Lord. What you gonna say? I was gonna say in the next hour, Christian dropping new music, talking about, you know, people turning on them And I think he was coming at you. He ain't Coming at me. It's a hot album or just a Single. It's a, it's a full little project with not little. It's a project with Kanye, not Christian, Not don't ever cut her off when she talk about Christian Dropping music. Not right now, Christian. Not right now. Not at a time like this.


He talking about people like envy that be switching off not at a time Like this. Switching I to send you my opinion. That was at always, Yo, he always come out with music at the wrong time. The wrong time. You the one told 'em search the other house. You got your daddy into it. Oh my goodness. All right, when we come back, we got the front page news and then Idris Elba and John Cino be joining us. It's breakfast low. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club.


Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensing 50 states NM ls consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30


Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club on this Friday. And let's get back to some front page news. What up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey, how we feeling? Good. Good girl. All right, let's get back into it. So President Trump is threatening lawsuits against both CNN and the New York Times over reports surrounding recent US airstrikes in Iran, a lawyer for Trump sent a letter to both news outlets saying they had damaged Trump's reputation demanding a retraction and apology for reporting that the attack on Iran had set back the country's nuclear program by only a few months. Instead of saying that it was obliterated like Trump would like for people to say, now the times posted a response on Thursday rejecting the demands and saying they told the truth to the best of their ability.


A CNN spokesperson also confirmed the letter was responded to with rejection. That's a very interesting story that, you know, Trump is gonna start taking legal action against new news outlets. So Emini here, oh, I guess in other news, president Trump continues to promote his big beautiful bill at an event yesterday to drum up support for the spending. Bill Trump was flanked by working Americans wearing their uniforms of their employers. Now the president spoke about what he believes what his big beautiful bill spending bill will accomplish. Let's take a listen to his comments. One of the most important pieces of legislation in the history of our country, the one big beautiful bill to secure our borders, surcharge our economy and bring back the American dream.


That's what's happening too. So Trump said the spending bill would benefit the middle class Americans joining him. Trump said his aide initially wanted the bill to be split up into smaller pieces, but you know, he is pushing for that one big beautiful bill. That one piece of legislation now the President says he expects the bill to be on his desk. By July 4th, the measure passed the house and now sits in the Senate where Republicans can only afford to lose three votes. And there have been some Republicans indicating that they will not vote along party lines with this. Now Democrats say the bill cuts Medicaid and other social safety nets by billions of dollars. Republicans say these are much needed reforms to the programs that cut the deficit.


And also during that, those remarks apparently Trump mentioned that the US and China have reached a deal over rare earth elements, rare earth materials. Now the US and China, of course, reached that deal to the production of everything from automobiles and electronics to fighter jets. Trump said the deal had been signed the day before with the White House confirming it would help both countries reach an understanding over how to expedite shipments to the US. Western companies have faced difficulties in getting rare earth metals and they need from ba, that they need from Beijing. Trump made a quick remark during the event for his fifth beautiful bill and let's take a listen to that.


Do you Remember a few months ago the press was saying, do you really have anybody of any interest? Well, we just signed with China yesterday, right? Just signed with China. So in the US China has been carefully looking at buyers to make sure those rare earth metals aren't being used by the military. So this is for, you know, computer chips. You know how President Trump is saying America first and he wants everything made in America. Well, we still need to get those rare earth materials in order to do that in some of those electronics cars and things of that nature. And in local news for you guys, New York mayor Eric Adams is officially kicking off his reelection campaign. Adams announced he would run as an independent in April and attack the perceived front runner of the mayoral race.


Mom, Donny mayor Eric Adams said he's not, it's not time for socialism. And he asked New Yorkers to get behind him. Let's take a listen to his comments. A choice between someone who delivered lower crime, the most jobs in history, and the most new housing built, built in decades. And an assembly member who did not pass a bill. We're gonna lift up the city of New York. And so I'm asking you New Yorkers to continue to stand with me as we move this city in the right direction. I'm ready to be your mayor again for another four years. Mm. Rah Ani, a socialist democrat, declared himself the winner of Tuesday's primary mayoral primary.


And Adams will also face Republican Curtis Augh, independent Jim Walden and possibly former governor Andrew Cuomo. If he decides to run as an independent. It's crazy to me how socialism is such a dirty word, man, because all socialism is is where, you know, they, they wanna reduce the gap between the rich and the poor and they wanna make sure everybody has access to their basic necessities. And you know, when government intervention is, is needed for somebody to, you know, have those basic necessities, then they can happen. You know, whether it's healthcare, education, housing, just aiming to improve the overall wellbeing of citizens. You know, that is what socialism is. That's why I like when what, what Ani uses the word ani affordability when he says, you know, let's talk affordability.


And I, And I, I said that to him when he was here. I'm like, Democrats can come up with all types of other language, right? They'll say pregnant person and all this other goofy stuff. How come they can't come up with a better way to talk about socialism? 'cause people try to demonize socialism. But when you actually look under the hood to what you know it is hell yeah. You would want your basic necessities dealt with. Right? Right. And I and as I understood it, or as I read it, it does, like you said, it closes the gap, but it also gives the people more of a voice. Is that correct too? I don't know. I I just know that I'm just talking about the financial aspect of it. I don't know. Okay, well, well before I go, let me do one more big one for you and me. Charlamagne. Shout out to the cancers, you know, Charlamagne, you celebrating a birthday?


I'm celebrating a birthday and I know that the show is off next week, so don't clock me on the news. I'm just gonna say, but the Black Information Network got y'all. Okay. That's birthday Morgan. Thank y'all. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage y'all follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank y'all so much. Have a great week and enjoy your fourth. Thank You Morgan. Have your early born day. Absolutely. Thank You. Same to you Shar. Right when we come back, John Cena And I, Oh hold on. And also too, we're doing the People's Donkey today. Oh. So you know, if you want to call in and give somebody the credit they deserve for being stupid, you can do that right now.


1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 because you know, on Fridays we let the people give out the donkey of today. So Morgan, you got one? Yes. For that guy who's over there talking about, you know, media, but I won't say his name and I'm gonna get up outta here. Okay. Alright. I be sewing the media when they just doing the media's job. I'm just saying the news. Just She talking about Trump, y'all, there She is. Alright. When we come back, interest and John Cena will be joining us. Their new movie, head of State comes out July 2nd. So we'll talk to them next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's probably usually little kids though, right? Not adults. No, it's mostly adults. Adults, adults do it how they Walk the team, they walk up To you.


Like the joke is mostly adults. The kids are great. They'll enthusiastically be like, oh, it's John Cena. Adults would be like, who am I talking to? Exactly. Or even there. So like the joke is more of an adult thing. Gotcha. And the enthusiasm I guess is more of a damn, I know I should Get it. You should've. Hey, I, I have it. If the joke was told, well how Are you feeling? First and foremost, that's what we usually saw. How are you feeling? How's everything? By the way, thanks for asking. I appreciate that. Not a lot of times people ask like, how you doing? How are you feeling? Nobody cares. You're John Cena. They care about them. And wanting that selfie, man, I I, I, that's a perspective for sure. I just, even in life, not a lot of folks genuinely ask like, man, how you doing? How you feeling today? I'm great man.


Thank for asking. How you guys doing? All right. I'm good. We're doing, if you weren't great, would you tell us if you do some things? Yeah, I would. I would. No, I certainly would. Admittedly promotion wears on you a little bit so the days are long, but the way I've compartmentalized it is climb the hill in front of you. Mm. Oh, I got, I get to share 45 minutes with you guys today. Nice. I I love the project. Are you telling us the time so we don't go over so we don't outta here. Honestly, if we're having a good time, we'll be here for as long as we have. But somebody will eventually drag me outta here. But no, besides being a little exhausted, I'm, I'm, man, I'm good. Life is, life is good for me. Nice. One thing I noticed about you when I shook your hand is your hands are big as shit.


Oh my god. Damn Emini here. I I can't do much about that. Gotta have what I have. Yeah. Two catchers, MITs. Yeah. The little guys always say that to you. Like your hands are so Big. 'cause he's, it ain't nothing to do with being little. He got real like, it's thick hands. I noticed it too. It is a meaty hand. Yeah. They're a meaty pairs, but when Slap nose, when the outta people Yeah, it is, it's, you need those meaty hands. But it's not like they're, they're not like a, like a nice long, like a piano player hand. So I don't have that. It's just a bunch of sausages stapled to a pancake. Pancake. Yeah. When you first noticed of sausages. Yes. You know, I hit a, a pretty decent growth spurt like around 13, 14 and that's when everything started to like grow and my, I guess I, I grew into my bone structure, so right around that.


Did you start having fun with 'em around that time too? No, no. I was having fun with 'em far before then. Okay, gotcha. Yeah. So eventually I'm like, what, what is wrong with you? Is my penis getting small? My hands are getting bigger. That's the thing. Alright, great. Excellent. Now this is your first time here, so I want to, I wanna start off what got you into wrestling for people that don't know what got you there? So professionally an accident, you know, from, as a fan standpoint, I, I was a, a young person growing up in the, the national broadcast of wrestling. When WWF first launched, its, hey, this wrestling is now on a national and global phenomenon, right? Like the Hulk Hogan, Andre the giant era.


I was a little kid in that time, so I got swept up in the, in the mania and the madness. Got you. And then as an adolescent, you're like, oh, okay, well that's a nice thing to be a fan of, but how the hell are you gonna do that for an occupation? Right. So it it found me by accident after, shortly after I graduated college. Oh, it is On that note, on that note. No, we care about you John. That's my time. No, no. How are you? Yes. Is it yourself? But walks in. What's up? Yeah, see you again. Yes. Good. It is, it is interesting though, John, because you know, I've, I've of course seen you as a wrestler. I've seen interviews before, but this feels like the little John Dave Chappelle skit when you sit down with Little John and you expect him to be like Yeah, yeah.


Eent. Wait, you just messed talking about penis size and hand size. No surprise. We were talking about masturbation actually. Really? I am no surprise, just missed that. But not surprised I wasn't, they expected they expected you to come in here. Like you look like you're running from Congress, like basically right now. Yeah, so I guess we, we only have our, our judgements of what we're, you know, accustomed to seeing. And I've been, I've been fortunate enough to be in people's living rooms every single week. 52 weeks a year for 25 years. Wow. And usually I'm in front of an audience, revving them up for a fight or getting my ass kicked. So I I get that, I get, I understand why they would think I would. And you, you built a brand, a brand around like hustle and loyalty and respect.


But has that ever come at the cost of like, vulnerability? Could you talk more about that? Like, do people, like, like how do you define emotional strength? Like do people expect you to be like, like, I guess emotionally intelligent or sensitive or just show your vulnerable side? Do you always have to be in like the John Cina tough guy? Well, I've, I've worked very hard to, to try and, and use my storytelling through wwe e if again, I've got a 25 year arc as the same character. So if you essentially go out and play the same stuff all the time, people get tired. So you have to introduce your character. And my character started as an underdog and a very brash smack talking character who got their ass kicked all the time.


And then I began to like lean into this sort of Superman persona and that only works for so long. And then the audience, like we, I I really feel like I have a strong connection with the audience because I, I put myself out there, I'll, I'll embrace losing, I'll embrace embarrassment, I'll embrace failure. And I think those are all important things, not only man for life skills, but to connect with the viewing audience so they can watch for a quarter of a century and still be like, that's my guy. Yeah, because I just noticed when, when, when Envy asked you how you're doing, like that was very disarming for you. Like wow. Like no, I just think it's great and and you were genuine. It's not, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up everybody? Like what's you were like, ah, man, what's start with this?


How are you today? Because it's A lot, it's a lot. People come up here and, you know, press runs are a lot on people. It's a, it's a lot. You are in and out, you're talking to different people. A lot of times a lot of the answers are the same answer over and over, over and over again. It's almost thing. So we just like the things out the box. And how are you doing Idris? Yeah, Thank you for asking man. It's really good to be here. See everyone again. It's been a while. Good to see you, brother. I'm good. Thank you man. Emini here, you know, it's been a busy press one. I love working with the guy and we get to, oh, thank you very much. Enjoyed the hit. Very, very kind of you, but I'm good. Thank you for asking. I'm feeling good when you have two leading men like yourself on set, right? Is there ever any like real rivalry that develops now? Who gets the bigger trailer? Emini here. I ain't saying that crazy.


Like y'all fist fighting, but just like little small Stuff. Who gets to go to lunch first? Man, I think I, I You wanna speak on that? Yeah, no Emini here. Look, I think one of the things that I love working, why I love working with John is that he is very humble. He's very grounded, as famous as he is, as successful as he is, when we are all on a set, like we're all in this room right now, we're making a movie, everybody, whether it's the person behind the camera or in front is equal. And that's something that he, I think really strives to bring to this film set. I love that we have both worked with people that do not feel that way, that feel like they are better and therefore actions need to act that way.


And so it is so refreshing to be with someone, work with someone that is, you know, an equal and is prepared to keep it all. So we never have to squabble fight. If we do, I'll kick his ass. That's just how it works. Hit in 25 years, man's. That's the truth. Yeah. I don if I tell you what's wrestling, what's going on? We got more with Idris Elba and John Cena when we come back, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Idris Elba and John Cena. Now Heads of State. What is it all about? For people that don't know, explain the movie. It comes out to July 2nd on on Amazon Prime video. Yeah, so So what is Heads Of State?


First and foremost? You can watch it whenever, wherever you want, on any device you want. That's the great thing about Prime Video. So you don't have to carve out a time. I love the theater experience. Love it. But we got a nice two-hander buddy. Action comedy that you can, like, it's, you know, an hour and 45 minutes. You can enjoy anywhere you want. Do you prefer the home My screen, or Do you prefer the Home? Because you said So This one, it's weird because it's a big, like, it's a big movie. We have huge effects and large scope. It would look, it would look dope in a theater. It really would. But at the same time, we got a great movie And I wanna be able to get it to audiences around The World. So now to be able to, to have an outlet like Prime Video Man, and like everybody around The World can watch this. I think though I've tried to cut you, but I actually think that Amazon are leaving Money on the table. This one. Ooh.


I think. Okay. Some be so I like that Honesty. No, tell me more. It's a big scale movie. It's an absolute marvel of filmmaking and it deserves to be seen in that forum. I think personally Emini here, it's, it's built under the construct of those buddy action comedy movies that we used to go to the theaters and see to tonight. Exactly. Yeah. I, I can't debate you on that. I agree. But Emini here, this is Emini here, you gotta play the Hand, you're dealt where we're at and I'm, I'm grateful to Pro Video for giving us a platform. They very much wrote the check to, to have us do the movie. So we got a great movie And I think it's a great feeling to be able to say, man, I, I want more out of this. It's that good. It feels that good. So I find, Oh, go ahead. I was gonna ask Adris, what you saying that, did you feel that way from the minute you read the script or when you're making the movie?


Because it feels different when you're shooting something in theater versus something that goes to streaming. I think it's the, the execution when it was making the movie, you know, the scale of the stunts, the style of it, you know, it is reminiscent of those big theater production. So during it, we knew that, oh, this is a bigger movie than, you know, your average, you know, streamer movie. No disrespect to that, but there's just a certain way you make movies for the cinema. And this was made for the cinema. So why didn't they get there? Because I, I, I have a producer friend and my producer friend said, you know, nowadays you should just make the film and yo know where it should be after you make it. So why didn't it make it to theater? Well, you know, that's a, that's a question I think far above our pay grade. Yeah. To be fair, yeah. And I always, I always operate under the construct of, it's not, I'm not writing the check.


The, the best I can do is give the picture the best I can do. And there'll, you know, people, people I've had, I just had a production company buy a movie called Acme Verse Coyote that Warner Brothers Shelf. What we did the movie, everybody get the Outta It Live Action. No. Yeah. They, it's with the Warner's animated characters, myself, will Forte, PJ Bryan, Dave Green directed and because of budget cuts, Warner Brothers chose to shelf the movie. I totally understand that. It's their movie. They can do what they want with it. So the best you can do is, well man, it happens. I'm not, I didn't pay for the movie, you know, I was, I was paid to provide a service. Mm. I did that, I was compensated fairly. And they, at the end of the day, were like, you know what? Now when it's, we don't want anybody to see this.


When something is shelved like that, is it because the movie's bad or it's not the right time? Because when this movie goes do they say, you know what, John, you know, your last one did amazing. Let's put this one back out. You wanna put it out? Yeah. So I, again, it's, they, they own it. So they, they ended up selling it to another production company and that company's gonna put it out. Oh. Oh, gotcha. So another company saw the, the positive upside of it, spent some money, Warner sold it, and now the movie's gonna see the light of day. But like that's an example of, man, why didn't it go to theaters? Or why is it on streaming or why is it in on the shelf? We don't own. So, but this, this movie, this movie we made over two years. Right. Partly because in the middle of it, there was an active strike. Yeah. And and a writer strike. And a writer strike. And in that time the whole industry was on its back.


You know what I'm saying? Like no one was Sure. Have ever theaters. So, you know, they went for the safe bed, let's put this on streaming. They could have pivoted. Right. But still up until like maybe sinners, everyone was still a bit precarious about the cinema. A little bit worried. You know what I'm saying? I feel now that the landscape has shifted this, a movie like this would work really well in the cinema personally. Yeah. I think I agree. You two a happy to be there on Prime video, but I agree, I can't argue that. And Y'all two had crazy chemistry in Suicide Squad. What was it like revisiting that dynamic in heads of state? It's great. It was great. Emini here actually, we're just doing the same thing. Different costumes, you know what I'm saying? It's kind, it's kind of the how do we, Peter Saffron, our producer who worked with us on the suicide squad, would hear us riff and be like, man, we gotta keep this act going.


Hmm. Yeah. So he basically kept the act going under the guise of, of heads of state. Now it's a lot of improv comedy. Nah, you know what Emini here or is the scripted No, the, the script is really good. Yeah. And I, I think it was because they saw us and Hey, could you write something in the dimension of this? Mm. Yeah. Like a lot of the comedy is through the action too. And like that's, that makes it even more global. 'cause you don't understand what we're saying. You can, A pie in the face gets a laugh every time. Right? Yeah. So a lot of the action is is comedic Yeah. To a lot of the comedy. But you, you know, you get those rappers that can walk in a room and just fly off lyrics just like flawless bar after bar, meaning this dude with the improv.


What? I couldn't keep up. I could not keep up half of it. Didn't make a movie. It's all good. That's but that's his wrestling background. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Exactly. And y'all, both presidents in the movie, correct. Presidents Of Prime, prime Minister, us Prime Minister of uk. Now break it down of how you guys meet and what happens for people that are interested in the movie. Well, at the beginning of the movie, right. The Prime Minister of England, Sam Clarke and the president of the United States, will, will Damager do not really get along. Okay. My character's been a politician for six years. He Calls you Eminem in the movie. Yeah. See what I'm saying? There's a, a cultural shift mismatch anyway. We don't get on we leaders of the free world, you know, and we find ourselves in a situation that neither of us expected.


We go onto his plane, air Force one, it gets hijacked. See what I did there? Anyway, moving on. It gets taken down and he And I find ourselves in a survival film. And it's that obvious, you know, you start the movie at the end opposite ends of each other and you find work your way towards each other. There's a real big reason why these two have been hijacked. And, and, and that's what we find out in a film. Did this movie make you look at politics any different? Either one of you? No. Nah. Nah, it's a movie. It just A movie. I ain't, If you, I think if you watch the movie you'll understand like it's just a, a pretty decent thrill ride. Escapism. It's a thrill ride. It's definitely escapism too. And it has like a comedy element. But when all this stuff recently happened with all the nukes where y'all like, ooh, this, this nuclear stuff.


Like, y'all were like, oh, the time of this is kind of crazy. Yeah, it Is crazy. I was thinking that the promotional tour might get interesting. Yeah. Yeah. I was thinking especially 'cause you played the US president, I play the US president Yes. In a movie Yes. Called Heads of state video. Correct? Yes. Yes. Thank you Charles. Now us three are sex symbols. Is there any, huh? Say that again. What? Yeah, can I get us Three are sex Symbols. Who, who are the three be specific? Us three. Me. Oh, okay. John. I'm saying we're symbols. What do I symbolize? Picture ejaculation. Like People love us. Whoa. Women, you know, women love us. Guys look up to us like They're sex symbols. He ask you a question, what does he symbolize answer?


He said, is it premature ejaculation? Is that, is that the sex that I symbol? Didn't think they handsome. Just say it like I don Say I'm telling y'all, y'all look. No, I'm just, can I answer my Question? You sexy envy sexy too. I'm you. This whole room is sexy. Thank you A Lot. I was gonna say, you know, do you have to make sure that you always are on tea when you walk out the house that you always on tea. Always. Excuse. This is sexy. But tea Sexy basically envy is like, do you be giving or do you not be giving? Because the girls be saying on T is crazy. Oh my goodness. He's asking when you go Outside, you always have to be on point because you are like me. Sex symbols On t. No, I like Emini here. I appreciate the, the sentiment of being sexy, but seatbelt right now you kind me.


I'm sorry. No, I just, yeah, I like to make sure my elbows and my an ankles look, don't look ashy. That's about, you Had like five of the same shirts too. Was that your stylist that was with you? Yeah. 'cause I sweat, you know what I'm saying? So sometimes I like to take that off and put the fresh one on. Very observant. A hundred is nosy. Isn't that you Got five damn shirts. I saw him on the hanger and I'm like, that's a great stylist. 'cause it's hot outside. And he's probably do a bunch of interviews today. That stylist is very smart. All right, so if you're observant, what color were those shirts? They Were that color? No. Or it was white off White in that. Nah, now you messed up. Now this is cream and those are white. You not know. I Said it was white and off white. Oh, sorry. Alright, we got more with Idris Elba and John Cena. When we come back, it's the breakfast.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Show me how good it can get today, God. And show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Res. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer, hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast that explores society, culture, and the intersections of faith and identity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian to hear conversations about what it means to sound the way you look. I think what I've had to make peace with is that every iteration of my voice is given to me by God And I love it. Books that validated our identity. The Library now for me is a safe space as someone who is writing books that they're trying to take off of shelves And how we as black queer folks relate to our Christianity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops Called this Taser the Revolution, but not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought You Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. It's really, really, Really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network, hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and meat eater founder Steven Ella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the Ice Age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, you Know, so join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is here as well. We're still kicking in with Idris Elba and John Cena. Their new movie Head of State is out July 2nd, Charlamagne. John, why don't folks ever really leave the WE like no matter how much success like you or the Rock had and other places, like they don't ever the money need the ww Well, I'm, I'm retiring this year from competition. Okay. In December I will be done And I will actually be the first. We don't believe you pro, I know you don't believe me, but my actions will define, you know, hopefully change your opinion. I I think it's, it's a combination of, certainly it's very lucrative, but as a live performer, gosh, the going out there in front of 15,000 people and having 'em go crazy for you is a, is a pretty nice feeling.


But it's just the, the physical toll. I, I can barely hang on right now. Like, I have certainly lost a step and my, I, I promised myself And I made open accountable promises to the fan base that when I get a step slower I am stepping out the door. Wow. So the business has been great to me. I've been in it for 25 years. I got 18 more dates left this year. Our last match will be in December. Wow. And that's gonna be the, the door shutting on me. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. So the way that wrestlers, you know, transfer to acting, do you think actors can transfer to wrestlers? I do. Really? I do. It just you too Old. You trying to wrestle Too old. I'm say You Emini here, This guy. Listen, he does listen.


You would be fine. You would be great. Alright. I, I don't think I would even wrestle, you know, one of them guys that just talks a lot of shit. Yeah, you'd be great. I'll be, you still gotta get In the ring. You gotta, every, Every once in a while you gotta fall down, hit, you know, fall down, get up and just, you know, I'll have some magic powers and talk shit. You know what Emini here, like Yeah, we've tried the magic powers thing a few times. That's a, that's a shot in the dark Emini here. S that is a Long shot because you still get hurt though, right? You still get hurt and you get paid and you get broken bones. Like, it's Like any, it's like any other physical thing. Mm. Like of course you get hurt. What we do is we, we essentially tell stories through live stunt. It's a physical thing, like of, of course you get hurt. I have a list of surgeries a a mile long.


I thank, thank goodness nothing has been incapacitating. Another reason why I wanna close the door. I'm good. I made it through. So, but it, it is a physical thing and we perform a lot. You've been talking a lot about like your physical health, which a lot of people in your arena don't do. Like they kind of shy away from 'cause they, they wanna seem like, you know, they're always these like superheroes a bit. Is that what we're gonna see a lot more from you in your retirement? 'cause I know you now are like the SPF ambassador for Neutrogena Yeah. And the skin cancer battle. Yeah. And you talk a lot about that. Well, they, they hired me because of the, you can't see me stunt Neutrogena came out with a sunscreen you can't see. And they're like, oh, we'll get the, you can't see me guy. And when I show up to do the campaign, I'm like, thank you guys. I just had two scares. I had two spots removed of like basal melanoma.


And they're like, man, I was kind of introduced through sunscreen through this campaign. I just had another spot removed. So now I'm, I'm, I've had to go in three times and get a call to be like, Hey, the biopsy was cancerous. We gotta come in and dig out your shoulder again. Hey, hey. And, but by the way, it's just ignorance had I known like, hey, just, just, you know, use some sunscreen and you could have prevented this. So if, you know, if, if people listen to what I have to say And I can, I can just help somebody not get that phone call. That's a cool deal. And at the same time you're being able to have a brand partnership that isn't just a, a cheap ham sell of like, Hey, this product helps save my life. And I don't, I don't mind sharing that. I don't mind sharing my ignorance and failures with an audience if it can help them be a little bit smarter.


Mm. I love it. What do you do with fans? 'cause wrestling fans are some of the wildest, right? What do you do when fans cross that line? So I've also had the luxury of a lot of experience with that. And if you ask me that 10 years ago, my answer would be different. Starting out, trying to gain a following. You want to give as much as you can. And then you get that following and you realize, well, in order to give, I've lost the ability to essentially have all the luxuries that of anonymity most privacy. That's a little frustrating. So I thought, I went through a period of thinking that work is different than human in my human life. And I'm a human here and I'm working here and you need to leave me alone.


And that's, that is a perspective that wasn't successful. I am not perfect because there are some days I wake up grumpy and there are some days I'm short on patience. But if there's one thing I'm really trying to hit the throttle on it is just have a second of empathy for everyone. And that is, there's a difference between like fans and memorabilia hounds. Because memorabilia is, you know, it's a business. But even those people that are doing that don't necessarily care about you or for you, your thing is gonna help them financially. I used to look at that as a way of like, man, I'm just gonna sign, you're sign this and you're gonna sell it. But yo my work can be a vehicle to help someone.


And maybe that's, maybe that's my give back. Maybe one signature at a time. I can help give someone resources to have a better life. And I, I try to keep that mindset. I will say it is fucking tough. I'm sure because sometimes I'm with my wife, I worry about her safety. 'cause people don't pay attention. They just want what's out for them. Don't knock her over trying to get to you. They don't have a lot of empathy of the scope of field. You know, I, I got followed by three or four people a few nights ago and I'm in the car and I'm like, all right, I just told the drivers change lanes. Three cars, change lanes, change lanes again. Alright, pull over the guys. Pull over. They come out, dudes get out of a car. The third car, the guy's standing there.


And I told my wife to stay in the car and I'm like, guys, come here. Come on, get outta the car. And I said, what you're doing is wrong, you know that. And the driver of the car is like, yeah, I know. I said, okay, listen, you want autographs, I get it. You didn't get a chance to get it. Here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna sign your stuff, but please, you know, what you're doing is wrong. Just get in your car and turn around. Mm. Because we're about to be in a position where I'm gonna have to take a step that's going to, that's gonna put everybody under a microscope. Mm. Because if you stalk me, I gotta involve the authorities. I don't know how that's gonna go after that. Here's what you want. And normally I would just be pissed off. Just took a deep breath. Here's what you want. Is it okay if we come to agreement, lean in with kindness, you guys just bang a u-turn.


Everybody's happy. And I gotta tell you, I don't think that approach is gonna work a hundred percent of the time. But they all just banged a u-turn and left me on my way, John, senior for president. That's what I'm saying, John, for president, no buffer between Old people. You don't know what's going on in those cars. So I, I honestly just believe in the good in humanity. And I, I think instinct can tell you if a situation is one that you should avoid approach. I don't use security. I don't have like an entourage. I, I haven't. Wow. I, I believe that, that people are genuinely good. And I also believe that when things start to boil over, diplomacy can be good.


Mm. And I, I've been in some pretty shaky situations and I've also been in places where you gotta get the fuck out. But here's the thing about having a small footprint. I can move And I can go fast. So if I need to get out, I'm only one person. I'm not 25 people. And sometimes it's true. The idea of 25 people is, is security. But it's also attention. It is. They just said f that when you just said no security and nothing. Nah, I was gonna Just been dealing what you deal with Emini here, stalkers. Like women be chasing you down wanting to No, it's, it's different. It's different. What? You Be stalking him Down. Women don't insult me down, man. That's, that's, that's a fan. No, I didn't, what'd he say? Don't Worry.


Say say, say again. Say again. Said women be wanting to stalk you and be wanting to Wow. You heard that Me? I did not hear that. The Phrase, not the phrase, the sock Phrase is cool, but the accent, which was not, not that great. But no, I don't have those issues if I'm really honest. You know, Emini here, not really. No stop, no Emini here. Apart from the hounds. The guys that want the signatures and all of that. That's one thing I have. Security just cares. I think it's safer. Mm. I agree. I don't have the temperament to do the diplomacy thing every time. And rather than do that, I'll just have Jamar just be like, not today gents. And that's just easier for me.


You know what I'm saying? I understand. Like John getting outta the car in my temperament that might end up in an altercation. Right. And usually people get threatened if you try to approach him. You know what I'm saying? So I don't really go for that. I understand why he does it and it works. He's nimble as he gets in and gets out. But I prefer to go. Well you have, because you I have a question to be dangerous elbow. Okay. Emini here. What's your question? My question is, how comes I'm not on the wall? What's going on? Exactly. Hey, where's the wire on the wall? Well these are Plenty of wires. The Huffs radio Station Oh my God. Come and people that actually been on the show that we've Interviewed, I've been on the show. Exactly. And you talking about, You was talking about T earlier. He just clocked yours.


Heads of state. That's my video. July 2nd. Hendra Elbow John C Thank you so much for joining us in us So candid. We appreciate you brother. Man. Man, it is great being here. Thank you so much for giving us a a, a wonderful environment on a sometimes repetitive schedule promotion. This is a conversation So much. Great. See everyone. Thank you so much. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Now let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming free. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on Good lord The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. So it mentioned previously Christian Combs, Diddy son drop new music produced by Kanye West. It is a project called Never Stop. We have a few songs off of the project. Let's take, let's take a listen to Diddy Free. I disagree with the title of the album. It is called Never Stop. You should Know When to Stop. Okay. And now is the time to Stop. Your daddy is on trial fighting for his life. And you using that for marketing, didn't he? He didn't learn from the last time when he did that freestyle talking about the defense should the house I don But that aside the beat go crazy. But I could hear somebody else on it. Like, I don't know, this is the album Art baby boy rap.


Like, you know, like he not really confident yet Baby boy rap. Like Can't rap have a commanding voice like oh yeah, like this because that that beat you post. I could hear ye on that. That's that's the beat you like go in like you perform On Yeah. Emini here. You know what it is? He, he raps like somebody who grew up around rap his whole life and wanted to be in it, but he don't really got it, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And he always just seems like he drops things at the wrong time. Yeah. And now was the wrong time. They just did closing arguments yesterday. It don't, it don't sound as bad as y'all say. But I Ain't say it was bad. No, No, no, no, no, no. I I actually Just say yeah, big up the beat and all of that. But I just, I just feel like, I Just think it's bad timing. I wouldn't have put it out. I ain't say it was bad. I ain't say it was good either.


I'm just saying it's just a record and like Yeah. It's just terrible timing. Nobody wants to hear that from him right now. Yeah. And and he on the Sambo f the witnesses All right. Everything he gonna Learn. He ain't, he clearly didn't learn the last time. He literally told you taunting the feds. Yeah. Told the feds y'all hit the wrong house. It's bad Time. Okay. I would've waited. I Waited at Least a week. I ain't gonna lie. I like that one Man fought on that record. I know. Don't fought on it. That's stick. I don't wanna fart. He's using that self expression Charlamagne voice. I did like that. Can't stop. Won't stop record. He with Kodak Black though back then. Oh yeah. That Was a about Yeah That was a about. I don't, I don't, I don't think it's that bad. I just think it's, it's bad timing, right? You got these witnesses, you got everybody.


And I get it 'cause that's his pops. So he wants to defend his pops for sure. He wants to go at all the people that he's probably seen at his, you know, that his pops done helped and now they turn his back on him every time. But I just think it's bad time. Not right now. Wait. A wait A week. Yeah. And not even a week, week. Wait this is Over. Because when a week this, it'll be Over week man. Wait a year. Like let your daddy figure out what's going happen pops. Yeah, Because it'll be over in a week. This court, the court case will be over In a week. Man. Figure out what's gonna happen with your pops and all that's, I'm saying it just feels weird to be using this as marketing because that's what he's doing. He's using this whole situation as marketing. That's Whack Emini here Or is it whack or is it just him expressing his himself? 'cause we're gonna move on from this. 'cause I do wanna get to the second story, but he also has a song on this, this project about his mom and missing his mom too. So it's not just about his dad, but he's going through that in real time.


So they Said he was using this, this the whole case as marketing to sell that album. But, But what else is he gonna talk about right now? And it more so I would him saying is the little bit that we heard is more so him saying like the family, like, y'all don't turn y'all back on us. Not, it's not really like subjected to only his dad. It's literally him. He talking about him and his siblings. He can tweet that. Yeah. Yeah. True. Well yeah, you right. But I do like the last record though. But what, what you say, Lauren? I was saying I wanted to get to this TPA story so completely separate then all the Diddy stuff. But yeah, so yesterday there was an interview that went viral. This interview was actually from eight days ago on the Crash Dummies podcast. T Payne was speaking on Drake on the podcast and it went viral.


Let's take a listen. One thing I learned from Drake, but one thing, he hasn't followed his own words. Drake said, I wanna be one of them people that gracefully bow out and not get kicked out. I have ever since said, I see y'all when I dropped. Don't worry about it. I'll just drop something. Lemme lemme know if you heard it. Yeah. Drake is like, no listen, okay I got another one. I'll Check this out. Check this Out. Y'all didn't like that one. Okay, real quick. Just one more. Lemme try one more. And then he's the person that he said, you know, he didn't want to be. And I learned that from him. Like when he said that I want to gracefully bow out and not get kicked out, I was like, you know what, I'm out this, this just live shows now. I, I'm out this mother, I'm not trying to impress y'all give a I live or die.


Yeah, I'm done. I did everything that I'm trying to do. I changed the game. I made a sound. What else? Now this went viral even though it was a eight day old interview because Drake actually commented in the comments of a blog that reposted this interview and said, this guy always, this guy's always had resentment for me. You can hear it every time he speaks on my name. So of course then blogs went and picked up Drake's comment And I didn't even know that there was like a little tiff tiff between the two of them. I had no clue. It is not, I had no clue Rick just responding to me. But I was, Yeah, but I would feel a way too, Drake is not over. He like, he just had a number one record. Well to add more context, if you watch the full interview, he wasn't necessarily trying to say, well maybe he was more so talking about knowing when it's your time to kind of like take a step back.


And he said he learned his lesson with that. Let's take a listen to TPA on dropping albums. Now I'm not saying that I'm gonna stop making music, but album, the album process is not my favorite anymore. Yeah. I will drop singles. I will drop albums. I'm not gonna promote it. I'm not gonna sit here and try to convince you. If you want to hear it, I'll tell you where to go get it. Yeah. But I'm not doing the process of you showing Up at The Breakfast Club. Come on bro. John, first of all, me and Charlemagne done had our quarrels already. We done did our things already and and we have respect for each other. Now we know that we respect the game but we know that it's not worth it. We've done years and years and years of this work and then your album could be shut down by one meme.


I'm not willing to put my mental health at risk for that. Absolutely agree. Yeah. Well and Drake, Drake not done everybody. Everybody eventually gets to the point where you not as hot as you was, but Drake will always have a core base defeat. A hundred percent. I think he more so was leaning into how some people felt like Drake should have took a second and not released so much music during I agree with after all the Kendrick stuff and let things because people were gonna come for you either way. I agree with that. That's how I took it. But that isn't what he said. So I can understand why Drake was upset, but what you do to T-Pain What I do to T-Pain. Yes. I ain't do nothing to T-Pain. That's My guy now pay up here a bunch of times. But I, I would would say the thing with Drake is Drake has had big records in the last two years after the, the whole Kendrick beef. So I don't know why people think Drake's career is over.


It's not. Yeah. Noia is still a big record that plays big in the clubs. We played a year and what, a year ago, two years ago we played the Yeah ago Drake and Sizzle. That was another record. Like he's had records Drake and like he's had records on the charts Back in, back in the day. I did tell T Payne that he couldn't sing without a allum. Oh We have the audio of not back in the day, but him recounting the, the encounter with you. Let's take a listen to T-Pain speaking on Charlemagne. You Remember when Kanye went to Breakfast Club and Charlamagne was like Yeezus was whack. Right, right to his face. I didn't like the album at all And I was a Kanye West fan. Yeah. But Jesus was whack to me. Yeah, that's great. That's great. Charlamagne got out of that though. That was like his thing. He grew up, the first time I met Charlamagne, he roasted the outta me.


I brand new artist. I didn't know how to respond to that. I responded with pure violence. Like, bro, what is your problem? You wanna go get like, what's your problem here? I don, I don. I don't, I was like, bro, who do you think you are? Like I'm charlamagne to God when I talk the streets. Listen, like you on a radio station in South Carolina, you gotta stop doing back in days. Yeah. In days. That literally sounds like something that Charlamagne would say and he'll say when I talk the streets to listen. And he What he Said, Jess And I talked to three brother And, and the funny thing Jess, he said Charlamagne changed but five minutes before he just farted on some bars. Crazy. No, but you know what's what? Crazy T-Pain also said that that time he came to South Carolina and made him take singing more seriously and he stopped smoking and everything else to take his vocals more seriously.


You now Definitely make somebody take some serious Baby you are hockey Stick actually can sing without autotune. It was just something that he was doing. But he did I think invent the trend of that sound being cool. Yeah. But he, back then he couldn't sing without it. Yeah, yeah. Emini here. But, but I know that for sure as he didn't want to don't because that was His style, you know? Right. That was, he never missed. That was on Hot 1 0 3 9 in Columbus Stock Carolina. That's what TPA had one record out. It was, it was Scruffle Strip love the SLE strip. Yep. And he still never missed. So shout out to him. Oh nah t Phenomenal shout too dpa his eye icon. Yeah. And then shout out to Drake too. But I didn't even think what TPA said about Drake was like saying like, his career is over.


I just took it as like he was talking about the beef side of it. Like bow out gracefully. I didn't even think about him saying I didn't take either. He was saying Drake's career over Drake seemingly took it like that in his comment. That's Yeah. Drake. Drake still. We gotta, We gotta go guys. Alright, well that's the latest. Oh damn. 8 0 4. My bad. That's the latest with Lauren. When we come up, we got Donkey of the Day down The People's donkey. You know, people can call in on Fridays and give folks to credit they deserve for being stupid. So hit us up right now. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And Let's get into a TPA joint. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club.


Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLL c licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30.


It's your time to Nominate a donkey of your own. Remember Now that's it is how they choose. Call in Now. (800) 585-1051. Yes. Donkey. Today for Friday, June 27th is the People's Donkey. On Fridays we like to open up the phone lines and allow you to listeners to get people the credit they deserve for being stupid. So good morning. Hey, good morning. Hey Charmaine, Please, please, who? This, This is Kiki. I gotta go Talk to me. Kiki patient. Okay. I work in a clinic. If you, if you put your appointment at 10 o'clock, don't come at one o'clock. It's not Burger King. You have it your way. You have an appointment for a reason. Yeah.


That's disrespectful. If your appointment at 10 and you four hours later, I don't even know how you can expect to be seen. Yeah, That's too much. Exactly. And don't come early. Don't come late. Come on time. 15 minutes back. You work at the clinic. So people that be coming in for gonorrhea and chlamydia and all that stuff, stuff like that. I I work all types of clinic urology. I, I work everything. Yeah. If you got a yeast infection, a gonorrhea or chlamydia, you know what I'm saying? You should be taking your ass day on time. 'cause why would you want to have any of those things? A second, two a second pass time. You supposed to have it. Exactly. But yeah, that's my dokey. Stop coming anytime you want. Come on time. Thank you very much. I appreciate you. That's just nasty. You should be trying to get rid of those things as soon as possible.


Make sure you get your chlamydia appointments on time. Good morning. Who's this? This is Kenya Peace. Kenya. How are you? I'm good. How about yourself? I'm blessed Black and Holly Faed. Who you wanna get the biggest heehaw to, To y'all. The last week I was on hold like two hours And I was trying to get Donald Trump punk ass down the other Day. Why would they ever keep you on hold two hours? Why would you ever stay on hold two hours? We are not that important. I'd be like f that. Yeah. What's up? I was trying to get through, you know what I'm saying? Like, I wa I listen to y'all every day. I've been listen to y'all since I was 13, bro. And I been to y'all every day And I just, Just say, Hey Char ain't no fucking Love.


Peace. So you almost 30 now, but who you want to give donkey today to? You go Don, don't waste, don't waste your time to Y'all. Oh, I thought you were, I thought you was going. Oh, okay. Well thank you. You last week you said Trump and now you wanna give it to us just 'cause we had you on hold for so long. Me wrong. Yeah, but no, I know that's right. Him outta there. No cap. Good morning. Who's this? This De this DeAngelo for Rockville, Illinois. DeAngelo, who you wanna get the biggest heehaw to? I wanna get a first off. Good morning Jeff DJ team. But I like to give a, a big heehaw to everybody who go to jail for hustling and get back out and didn't get it right and go again the next time.


You are the biggest donkey believing your children and family who suffer from your mistake. Oh, Ibel. I I agree with that wholeheartedly. Absolutely. I agree with that. With any crime. If you go to jail for committing crime with any crime and then bring your stupid ass home and commit the same crime again, you hey, you deserve whatever you get. Double the hee-haw on they ass. Hear me? Yes Sir. Yes sir. Thank you for calling brother. Good morning. Who's this? Yo, what's happening? I want to give Dunky of the Day to Keyshawn Davis man went from one of my favorite fighters to real junkie. What happened with Keyshawn? Remember? Oh, when he, He missed weight and then him and his brother jumped Somebody. He went to the fight. Yeah. Jumped the dude that just beat his brother.


Yeah. And now they talking about kicking me. Yeah. I forgot about that. Damn. That seemed like so long ago. That was just coming Man, you my boy, you my boy. I knew you was gonna give him Dunky other day one of these days. But you didn't. I was gone. I was in France when all of that happened And I, when I got back, yeah. I forgot about it when it came, when I got back. I didn't even remember till you said something just now. Yeah. And I want to get with you on the, my daughter. She going to St. John's next year. She gonna start. Oh wow. Congratulations man. Basketball, Listen. Better better than taking port. Really? She only 19 years old. What's her name? I'm gonna look her up. What's her name? Her Name? Her name. Look her up. She the best juco player in basketball. And her name. Beautiful Waheed.


Beautiful Waheed. Guess what, what where she is. Hold on. Beautiful Wa s John Black. So Oh, I see it. Beautiful. Waheed. Okay. Sophomore guard signed with Sage. I'm gonna check her out right now. She played number three. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. She, she, she. Nice. She'll be leaving. We live in Milwaukee by the way. And she'll be leaving next week. She average 17 points, seven rebounds, three assist game. Okay. Yeah. Nice. Hey, I, I relate. Congratulations y'all. Very well. That's why I listen to the show every day. 'cause I'm married with kids And I do all the things y'all do. So I just relate, man. Hey, thank you man. And I really, I really respect you, man.


I respect what you doing with your daughter, man. And that's, that's a very powerful name. I hope y'all got that trademarked and everything. Are we working? We working Okay. We working, but I'm, I'm all way in Milwaukee. I'm a knees y'all. I'm a knees y'all. All right. If she listen, if she go out there and do what she supposed to do at St. John's, we will be up here telling The World about it. Believe me. Be beautiful. Waheed. You can't forget the name, Man. I love you dog. Love you too King. Appreciate you man. Listen, that is the people's donkey. We do that every Friday. You can call up and give somebody the credit they deserve for being stupid. All right. Now when we come back, Jeffrey Katzenberg and Hari, Rob Kron will be here. Now, if you ever heard the name Jeffrey Katzenberg, you know, he served as the chairman of Walt Disney Studios from 84 to 94.


Some of your favorite animated films from Aladdin to Beauty and the Beast to the Lion King. He had his hand and all of that. Then he left Disney and went and started Dreamworks with Steven Spielberg and David Geffen. He did that until 2016. And then he sold that. And now he is a CEO and founder of Aura. And Aura is a technology company dedicated to simplifying digital security for consumers and giving parents away to stay on top of their kids and what they're consuming on these social media platforms without being too invasive. So we're gonna be talking to Jeffrey Katzenberg and Harry Robert Condron when we come back on the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats. You can't escape and you're weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the BS premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Show me how good it can get today, God. And show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Res. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast that explore society, culture and the intersections of faith and identity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian to hear conversations about what it means to sound the way you look. I think what I've had to make peace with is that every iteration of my voice is given to me by God And I love it. Books that validated our identity. The Library now for me is a safe space as someone who is writing books that they're trying to take off of shelves And how we as black queer folks relate to our Christianity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network, hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and meat eater founder Steven Ella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the Ice Age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. Across the country. Cops called this Taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser Told them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. It's really, really, Really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two, and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts


Over busy with all the school activities, et cetera. And then Summer came along and she, we thought it'd feel a lot better because it was, you know, no real activities. But she went the other way, really went sort of downhill and to like a scary point. So we had to get her some clinical help. And so until that point, we'd never looked at her phone or like any of her devices because we were very, very sort of privacy sensitive. And I remember we dropped her off just about two years ago, came back home, they wouldn't let her keep telephones inside this facility. So that's the first time I actually looked at her phone. And when I did, I was stunned. I just, you know, I was like, wow, like there's so much going on with this kid that we had no idea. So You guys have teenagers?


Yes. Yeah. Yes we do. You you do. And and I know that, and when you were growing up, your parents would be sitting across from you at a dinner table and they actually knew where you were, who you were with and what you were doing. And with that they were able to shepherd you. Today, your kids, your teenagers are sitting across the table from you on this device. And you cannot answer those questions. And you know, we, the analogy I I like to make about this 'cause it just feels like an an easy one to relate to, which is, is that when your kids are ready to, they're of age to be able to drive, what do you do?


You get a learner's permit, you take 'em out to a Walmart parking lot where they can't do any damage, right. And you start to teach them, right? And they get a, and they then get a permit that allows them to drive only with an adult only during the day. And over the course of a two year, three year period of time, they get to a place where they're safe. And so the online world is a hundred x more dangerous, believe it or not, than driving in a car. And I want just share with you some statistics, which is to give you how challenging and how problematic this is. So before Harri released this brand new product, it's only about six or eight weeks that it's been out at 2,500 teenagers, 13 to 18 years old, 46% of them are depressed, 35% with social withdrawal, 22% are up at night on scrolling when they, you think they're sleeping 30% with low self-esteem, 22% with self-harm, suicidal thoughts, and 52% have eating issues.


So again, I ask you as parents with teenagers, what do you know today? What insight do you actually have? What tools do you have to be able to onboard them into this world? There's a lot of great stuff around social media. There's a lot of reasons why you do want them on there, but you don't let a kid in a car today without onboarding them. And even when they are onboard, you make them wear a seat safety belt, you know, a seatbelt. And that's what I'm so proud of. Hari and what he and his team have, have built here are tools for you as a parent without spying on your kids, but being able to observe and therefore coach them as they get older out into this World.


I actually definitely resonate with you when you say somebody had bought a, a mortgage in your name. Yeah, that happened to me. Yeah. Before years ago, right? Yeah. Before I bought my house, like before I actually bought my first house, I realized that, you know, identity theft was committed, you know, and, and people, I already, I had a car in my, I had never driven a car. Mortgages and everything. And then what you just said, my son, I realized I didn't know too much about who he was during the pandemic. Hmm. Right. Because we had to be inside with our children. Yeah. And going through his phone and things similar to what you just attested to about your daughter.


Like, I, I literally was like, wow, I don't know what this kid likes. Yeah. I don't because I'm just assuming he likes what I like or I'm just, I'm not really in his phone. He realizing that, not even realizing that technology is like helping me raise him and that's not how I want it to be. Yep. What exactly does Aura do? Like what, what type of, what type of connection? Great question. Yeah. Yeah. Look Emini here. I I I think you hit on something that, that I really didn't have a sense of until we went through this experience Emini here. I think we think the truth is in real life, like in physical world, but for a lot of these kids, they're on their devices eight hours a day. So the truth's actually on the phone. Like, And I, you know, And I think it's a blind spot.


Like we have no idea what's actually happening there. So really the questions as we were going, as I was going through this experience personally, that, that, that were on my mind, were the first one was, is my kids safe? You know, are they like, you know, whether it's sort of like, you know, scary things online or just mentally and emotionally are, are they safe? The second is, well, they're spending eight hours on these devices. What are they actually doing on these devices? And can I, as a parent do anything about it? Those sort of the three things we set out to go try to help parents with. But we took a very clinical approach to this because we, it is just sort of an area where in some ways you're sort of in the kids' head now, right? And so you wanna be really thoughtful about how you actually build this product. So we went, hired a bunch of clinicians, we hired psychologists, psychiatrists, we partnered up with the Boston Children's Hospital because they had a lot of awareness around this.


So what we came up with was a system that, based on everything from something as simple as how quickly they're typing on their phone to haptics, you know, how, how, how hard they're pressing the keys to what apps are they using to sort of patterns of sleep, irreg irregularity, because they pick up their phone when they're not sleeping. So we can tell that. So we took all these things and came up with a system that, you know, look at markers for everything from, Hey, is my kid doing okay? Are they anxious? Are they stressed out? You know, what's their social behavioral patterns? So this is what AI are changes is actually made possible, right? Yeah. So when you talk about the, the, the things about innovation that are going on and the positive things around ai, this has gotta be near the top of it.


Because without these tools, which didn't exist literally two years ago, this was not possible. All we got more with Jeffrey Katzenberg and hurry, rev Condre, when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club, Laura La Roses here, and we're still kicking it with Jeffrey Katzenberg and Hari Akron Shale. Jeffrey, man, you have Emini here. You were a super big dog at Disney. Like I said earlier, you ushered in what they call the Disney Renaissance. Like, what was the, what was the boldest decision you made during that era that could have gone either way? Well, I, you know, I think the boldest decision, which was a decision that, you know, really Michael Eisner and, and you know, who was the CEO of the stu the whole company at the time made was that animation had been the heart and soul of the Walt Disney Company.


Even though it had declined to a point in 1984, which is, if you sort of look at the peak and the Valley of Disney animation, that, that, that was the floor. It was really pretty grim. And Michael was the one that just said, we cannot thrive as a company if we don't reinvent reinvigorate animation. My first day at work, you know, I went in and sat with him And I had my list of the things to do, and we went through it and he went, great. Those are all good priorities and, you know, movies and Touchstone and all these different, you know, things television. And I was at, at one foot out the door and he said, Jeffrey, one last thing before you leave.


I said, what's that? And he said, come over here, I wanna show you something. And he was in this corner, Walt Disney's old office, and he said, look out there. He says, you see that building across the way there on the, on the Disney log? I said, yeah. And he says, do you know what they do there? And I went, no, I have no idea. He said, well, that's where they make the animated movies. And I said, oh, that's nice. He said, yes, and it's now your problem. And that was my introduction to animation. Now the beauty of it is, is that Walt Disney had this amazing archive of all of his work and his work product of how he made each and every going back to Snow White, all of the processes and all of his thinking and insights about it. And so I learned of these archives and with a group of people that were there at the studio, really sort of educated me to the Disney Way.


And when I think of the things that were the sort of the tent poles of the sort of rebuilding Disney animation all goes back to Walt. So here, handful of things that I just learned immediately stayed with me every day. He said, we make movies for children and the child that exists in each of us. Wow. Mm. Now could there be anything more pure and simple and a North Star? Right? So that little saying was on my desk and every day, that's the first thought of the day. What are we doing? What is our purpose here in this, what are are we doing in terms of the, the, you know, goal of, of our, of our content here?


He said, my movies are only as good as their villains. So now let me share with you the villains for me. Ursula Jafar, scar Gaston Far Quad, yeah. Ty Long. I go through all the movies that I've made, animated movies in my career. We always had great villains, you know, I could go on and and give you more of those. But he had these amazing, amazing insights of just great storytelling. And, and then there were things that were just pure, you know, fortuitous luck. David Geffen introduced me to Howard Ashman and Alan Mankin, who had done Little Shop of Horrors and oh, that was like one of my favorite movies mechanism.


Okay, well Howard and Allen really became like our guardian angels of like, how do you make movies that are musicals again? Yeah. Because as an art form that had been forgotten for, for much of Hollywood and for sure, I think at Disney. And so, you know, in The World of things, if you had to pick between lucky and Smart, pick Lucky. Mm every time. I always felt like there was a deeper intention in Disney movies. Like when you watch a movie like The Lion King always felt like, you know, that was telling actually to me, the plight of a, a black person in America, you know, being taken from a land they know being brought to a land they don't know, not knowing the language, not knowing what to eat, being taught by Simonean and pba who could have been looking that as inferior to him.


Like, was that, was that real? Well, there really were two stories at work there. One was Shakespeare, it's called Hamlet. So let's give you know, as much do as we can. The other is an experience that happened to me very early in my life. It's the, the specifics are not as important as the, the lesson that I learned in this. Did you met somebody that tried to make you eat bugs? Nearly, but what I learned is, is that you cannot run from the truth in life. Like the truth will find you ultimately, no matter how far you run. And so the way that was realized, it's not how it happened to me in my life, but because these are fables, they're not, you're not, they're not literal.


But the, the, the way we realized it in the movie, and it was the thing about the movie that was most personal to, to me is, is that Simba believes he was responsible for the death of his father, which we know he was not. He was set up by scar. But that's what you, that's his impression. His point of view is, oh my gosh, I did this irresponsible thing and my father died as a result of it. And what does he do? He runs Mm and he runs and he runs and he runs. And no matter how far or how long he runs, it haunts him. Wow. He cannot escape that truth. And the only thing that frees him wow, is when he returns home and faces his truth, which is his family and his, you know, Nala helps him, you know, sort of comeback and face his truth.


And so Walt Disney always again said that, you know, my movies are, and these were not his literal words are opportunities for, for learning lessons for. And so he embedded in every single film, we tried to do the same just great life lessons that you could see through these animated cartoons done in a way that, you know, was very kid and mom and family friendly that are just hard lessons that are important to learn. And every one of these movies has something fundamental at the, at the core of 'em. You know, there is a, a message, it is with intent that he, you know, he would do it.


Sam Goldwyn had this great saying in the live action movies, which is, you know, if you want to deliver a message, call Western Union. And I know today nobody listening to this show actually has any clue what Western Union is. Yeah, right. I do. I know I do. All the friends I had in jail And I was on the other side, I was sending people money in jail. That's what I was doing. Oh yeah. Because he said friends. Yes.


Oh hey man, tell him how can they, you know, I guess download Aura or like what did it? Yep. Just www.aura.com. A UA Thank you guys for joining us. We have Past The Elks. Up next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Pastor S Dj. Dj, Yeah. Dj. Come spin. Come spin. What's up Nyla Big Nyla Nyla Simone. NYLA. Yes. Yes. Good morning. How are you guys? What's Going on? Ah, You know, another Friday. A lot of new music out. What we got, I'm gonna start with this big extra plug in Sha Booze record.


It's like a country song. Big extra plug in sha booze. I know, right? I'm Already intrigued. Yes. Let's get into it. Fire. That's Fire. That's Hard. That's hard. Yo, you are on temp today. I love that. That's Dope. Big extra plug in sha booze. That was hard. That was right. I like that. That's dope. And I just love seeing black people reclaim country music like Emini here. We never let it go. That's why you should read Alice Randall's, my Black Country, the past, present and Future of country music. Okay, fine. Well black people's Past, present and Future and Country Music, great history. Less than that book. Okay, maybe we never let it go, but it's becoming more mainstreaming again. Country for black people. Oh, Oh, oh. Who's Who? What popular black person was doing country music before Renaissance?


It's a bunch of 'em, but I just don't want to name You just don't. Yeah, I can't remember. Yeah, I can't remember. You mean Cowboy Carter? But yeah, it was, it Is a Oh yeah, yeah, It's quite a few. Okay. Okay, well next let's get into, so Lizzo drop the rap album. Have you guys seen it? No. Lizzo snippet? Yeah. No, she's been like going, doing like parties and rapping her, her verses leading up to it. Okay. I've Been seeing the little things she been doing online. Well yes, well the full rap album is out. She got a song on there with Tza called In Real Life. And I actually like it because it's giving like affirmation. So when you say rap, is she doing balls or more like, you know, chanting little Jaice style. She is the part that played actually wasn't the part that I had in mind when I, when I said affirmations, that was more like hook into scissors part.


But yeah, she is rap, like actually rapping It sound bad. I got, I like to hit the whole record. Yeah, I like it. I don't like hearing clean records. I know on the radio When, when it's all dirty like that it just can't Get a vibe. Honestly. I want to hear that big extra plug with goddamn shazi again. I'm about to turn that on in the car. You hear me? Look At you. I love that. Okay, I wanna get into this Rari record called Bonafide. And they've been describing this as like a spiritual knuck. If you buck, I feel God and Knuck, if you buck way more than I do in that record. Oh, so I don't used call. You called it a spiritual No. If you Buck why they Save your bread And it's, it's a little, it it sound noisy. First of all, Knuck, if you Buck is a spiritual, I didn't say it is a Negro spiritual. When the devil Buck God Knucks, can I get an amen?


Okay, save your bread. Right? You're Talking very positivity in the song. But it sound very, it sounds noisy though. I feel God and Knuck, if you buck way more than that record right there. I don yeah we knuck in and bucking and fight and ready To fight. You talking about the devil, you don't be fighting the devil. You don't wake up every day to fight the devil Don't wake up every Day to fight the fuck The evil ain't no stopping. That whole song is about fighting the devil and fighting negativity. I Wish it we get crunk up in the, this is not about fighting the devil. I Don you listen to, I Don Really trying to dissect the lyrics like this, trying To compare it. That's why you compared that record to Knuck If you Buck 'cause you feel God in If you duck way, Bon if Bonfire, bonfire Rory, check that out. What's it called? Bonfire. Okay. Anyway, I agree with Envy. It sound noisy and confusing. The devil is the Devil is the author.


Confus show. Very noisy. Last one. I wanted to get into this Rick Ross and Pharrell one just because it was a combination that I wasn't expecting but I actually really like this Wale joint called Where To Start Tough. I Think we played this a couple days ago. This Is tough. It sound a little incomplete though. Why the hook sound like that? Why it sound airy. It's a sample. Yeah know it's a sample but also I think Airy is like the new sound. Really? Yeah. Like I know in the pop world it's called Bedroom Pop so I think they're doing it in RB Music. Don't sound like that in my bedroom. Music in my bedroom sound very clear. I got a great sound system. No, but that is a tough record. Yeah, it's hard. It's a very tough tool. Why They Don't be missing, They really don't. I love when he does popular 90 samples And I love when new rappers do it and do it well But the problem is whatever label he signed to ain't gonna put a bag behind the record and so the record ain't gonna go.


Is he Signed? Yeah, he signed the Def Jam. Oh god Damn. Okay, make sure you guys follow me on the gram at Nyla Symone. But follow me on the gram at Nyla Simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E Lincoln Bio. There's a playlist and just tap in. We got new interviews, new events on the way. Alright, Up next is the People's Choice Mix. We throw back on a Friday is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake Up. Wake up.


You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensing 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30


Morning everybody. It's D EJ nv. Just hilarious Charlamagne ne Guy. We are The Breakfast Club now just as out in Virginia this weekend. I am in VA Beach y'all. So Norfolk come out Virginia Beach, Virginia come out. We got two shows tonight at Funny Bone Comedy Club. We got two shows tomorrow as well at Funny Bone Comedy Club. I will be doing Meet and Greet. Greet at the end of each show. No, not at the end of each show. At the end of each late show. So get your tickets if you have not yet. Tomorrow is sold out. So we only have Friday tickets available. Jess ari's official.com. Can't wait to see you. 7 5 7 in all this rain. Big Jess go pull up on Big Jess. And also too man, I wanna remind everybody to make sure this weekend go out there and pick up a copy of No Holds Barred, A Dual Manifesto of Sexual Exploration and Power by Mandy B and Weezy WTF.


If you are a fan of the Decisions Decisions podcast, they have released their first ever book and it is out everywhere you buy books now man. So go check out the Ladies of Decisions Decisions in their new book. No Holes Barred, don't look over here like Ta Envy. Why you look at me like that boy, why you saying like that? Why Did you slow down on the hole? I know, Right? I'm just, are you thinking about I'm stressing the title A professional pounder that Right? Yep. Yep. That's what Envy was looking for. You Shut up man. When we come back we got the positive note and more is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club reminding you I got two call shows coming up.


Of course July. We are in Hampton, Virginia, July 19th salutes everybody from the DMV area, North Carolina that is pulling up. And then in August I do my birthday car show every year in New Jersey. So I can't wait to see you guys and also happy birthday to our very own Charlemagne and Brent. Hey it is their birthday this Sunday. They are celebrating to happy birthday to these fellas up Here. Yeah SLU to all the cancers out there. Why did NB say earlier he wanted a professional pound? That's so crazy. I did Not say I wanted a professional pound. I said Diddy wanted a professional pound Who made, he wanted a professional pound for his girl. That's right. I wonder if like when Diddy was walking, 'cause you know allegedly they said he would have the guys lined up and he'd be looking at penis sizes.


Did he ever look at one and you like, Hmm, that's a quarter pounder. Yo, you're an idiot. You're an idiot. Oh my gosh. I just wonder, I just Wonder. Well if he come home you can get the chance to ask him. No. No man, that would be so funny if Diddy man, can you imagine if Diddy came home and did an interview up here? Oh yes. Oh my God. Yes. Because we was his last interview. So what if we are his first interview after? I Don't think he would do that. God done blessed me too much. He ain't gonna gimme that one s. That would be true. What Would be the first question? I ain't serious enough. I'm telling you right now. I ain't serious enough to have that conversation. I know you're not. Everybody would be so mad at me 'cause I would not be serious in that one at all.


There's nothing to be serious about. Okay, my God. No, I could do that. I couldn't do That. My God. I'm definitely Gonna do that here with you. My God. A three hour conversation. Be 10 minutes because we would start laughing and it'd just be over. Oh my God. Listen man, the positive note is this slu all the cancers out there it is cancer season. Everybody's they born day. I just want y'all to know that God gave us the gift of life. It is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living. Well, I repeat God gave us the gift of life, but it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. So let's go out there today and make sure we give ourselves the gift of living Well y'all have a great weekend and have a great week because we going on vacation.


Hurry it. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish? Or y'all Done


Career changers including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill Bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Show me how good it can get today, God. And show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeves. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast. From iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What up y'all? This your main man, Memphis Bleak right here host the Rock Solid podcast. Ju is Black Music Month. So what better way to celebrate than listening to my exclusive conversation with my bro? Ja Rule. The one thing that can't stop you or take away from you is knowledge. So whatever I went through while I was down in prison for two years through that process, learn, learn from. Check out this exclusive episode with Ja Rule on Rock. Solid. Open your free iHeartRadio app, search rock solid. And listen now, I think Everything that might have dropped in 95 has been labeled the Golden Years of Hip Hop.


It's black Music Month and we need to talk is tapping in. I'm Nila Simone. Breaking down lyrics, amplifying voices, and digging into the culture shaped the soundtrack of our lives. Like that's what's really important and that's what stands out is that our music changes people's lives for the better. Let's talk about the music that moves us to hear this and more on how music and culture collide. Listen to, we need to talk from The Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an IHeartPodcasts.