
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


Okay, you say, I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says, we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously, when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Nick d app for details.


Ba


Tired of wandering the aisles at Walgreens. Trying to find the best deals. Well, we've got something that'll make your shopping experience a whole lot sweeter. Introducing, drop the app that rewards you with free gift cards just for doing your everyday shopping. Whether it's groceries, toiletries, or your favorite snacks With drop every purchase earns you points towards fantastic rewards. Download the Drop app now. Use code Drop five five when you sign up to get $5 in points.


Most deals are burly worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best Deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At t Connecting Changes everything requires Trade In of Galaxy, S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees. Terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details


Mo go us.


Visit MOD US for the best free play Social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at m mo. Do do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply to website details.


Hello? Important Main Street. You got one of the biggest things in America. Culture. They not like us. Think everybody should go on The, Breakfast, Club. You wanna shake it up? Ain Not like what the fuck up B Club DJ Envy the family guy. Just hilarious. I'm the wild card. Keep the real and Charlemagne the guy. I'm a lovable athlete. Or your clown. Yo. I'm loving that energy up there right now. Sometimes you gotta pop out. Miss Show Now. Let's begin. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo.


Just hilarious is on maternity leave. Y ain't the God Be Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. That's right. It's Wednesday. Hump Day, middle of the week. How you guys feeling out there? I ain't blessed. Black and Holly favored. I guess a little bit tired. Not really though. You know it just be them damn kids, man. Like see, here's the thing. That kids don't be the damn kids. They your kids. Yes. But what they don't understand is that Daddy gotta get up at four 15. So when you in that good REM sleep around three 30. Okay? And You know that alarm gotta go off at four 15. You can't come in at 3 33.


Matter of fact, let me look at my angel number and see what that mean. Okay. That's happened the past couple of nights. Now that I think about it. 3 33. Let me look and see what that mean real quick. Your beard looks stupid this morning too. I just want you to Know that. Yours do too. No, no, no, no, no. My mine is natural. You know you. Mine is You know it is not. Mine is natural. You ain't ain't ain't nobody gonna tell you but me. That looks crazy. Mine is naturally And I like I don't do it for you. Oh. The ascended masters are right by you assisting you with whatever it is that you're currently working on. You're in great hands. Okay? That's what the angel numbers mean. Oh, Well salute to everybody heading out to bruh. What You using that Fat Joe? Rewind 10 man. Well, why you Worried About me? That looks crazy. Why you worried about me? Come on red. We not gonna let our guy do that today. Why are you worried about me?


YouTube, Please tell him in the comments. No, don't tell me in the comments. No, that looks crazy today. Now that don't even look, you ain't even try to be natural. Leave Me alone please. You got a BBL bid. It don't even look real. Leave me alone, Lord have mercy SL to everybody heading an out to Shreveport, Louisiana for fifties humor in Harmony weekend Yesterday we loaded up all the cars. We had to get calls from Houston, calls from Atlanta, and of course calls from New York. So we loaded up everything and we are heading out there later on today. So the cars will be there in the next couple of days. And If, you haven't got your tickets. Get your tickets. It's gonna be a great weekend. And I'll be there in the next couple of hours. So, so you're not gonna Be about here next couple days. I'm gonna be broadcasting from there. Oh, we got canceled guests, Eddie. I ain't sitting here by myself talking to no damn body.


Alright, so I'm gonna be, I'm actually gonna bring my equipment out there, so hopefully You know I'm supposed to be running into a bunch of people. I know Andrew Schultz will be out there. I know a bunch of artists will be out There. There's gonna be a lot of comedians out there, so you need to get that paint on your face. Correct. 'cause they gonna be making jokes after jokes after jokes, okay, Mrs. Bullying, this Ain't bullying, man. Mr. Is bullying. You gotta that, that paint job is crazy. Okay? I hate this guy. And it's just one side. It's like they painted one side of the house crazy. I'm side, No, leave me alone. Both the sides of the house ain't the same color, bro. God damn, y'all, y'all just let him walk in here like that this morning. They say nothing. Mm mm mm Wanna start the show?


Listen, Jessica Tarof will be here this morning. If. you don't know who Jessica is. Bullying. Dunno, If. you know, this is bullying. Jessica Tarlo is the co-host going of the five on the Fox News Channel. Now, I know y'all might hear Fox and y'all get turned off, but the reality is Jessica is not like everybody else on Fox. Okay? Right? So she'll be joining us this morning. She's A liberal. She pushes back on a lot of the misinformation and false narratives that might be spread on that network. Yeah. So we gonna be kicking in with her in a little bit. And then we got front page news with Morgan Wood up next. So don't move, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's djj, nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The, Breakfast. Club. Hey, yo, Drake. Cool record, but it's not changing the temperature or anything. Okay. Drake putting out those records for his fans.


We'll Talk about it. A for guys like Eli, who's a OV ho, who get all excited in the group chat and You know it's OVO Hoe. But What I said OV Ho, OVO. It's O-V-O-O-V Ho. Alright. Okay. But for, but for that, yeah. Like, it's not changing the temperature of nothing. Drake, we you take a break. I don't know why you won't listen. Why won't your advisors tell you the truth? Go take a break. We'll talk about it in Romans. All right. But let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. I see y'all chose violence early. Okay, peace Morgan, let's get into it. Good morning y'all. So vice President Kamala Harris, y'all announced it yesterday that she has selected Tim Walls as her running mate. And the two kicked off their campaign tour yesterday in Battleground States.


Now, the Minnesota governor appeared alongside Harris for the Democratic ticket's first joint rally in Philadelphia. Yesterday. Harris spoke about Wall's character and why she chose him while Wall said he wants that smoke day one. Let's hear the comments from those from them yesterday at the rally in Philly. I stand before you today to proudly announce I am now officially the Democratic nominee President of the United State Because he's the kind of person who makes people feel like they belong and then inspires them to dream big. And that's the kind of vice president. He'll be And, I gotta tell you, I can't wait to debate the guy that is If you if he's willing to get off the couch and show up.


So, and make no mistake, violent crime was up under Donald Trump. That's not even counting the crimes he committed. Woo. I wasn't mad at Tim Walls yesterday. I You know I was talking about, I I would prefer Shapiro or prefer somebody else. He just looked like he looked older. He looked like what we would say we wanted to get away from. But yesterday, after hearing him speak And I wasn't mad at him. And, and you can definitely tell he was a football coach. He's very confident, he's very comfortable on that stage. He knows what to say. He, he can be serious. He can be jokey. I wasn't mad at walls yesterday. Yeah. So, yeah. I mean, I, I I thought Governor Shapiro would've been the better pick.


But I, I don't care. I don't have to fall in love with any of these politicians. I just hope You know Tim Walls can help the Vice President win electoral votes. That's it. Right? So, so for those who don't know, walls is a former teacher, congressman and military veteran. And as you mentioned, coach Vy, he is scheduled to appear with Harris alongside her today in Michigan. And of course, the two will continue on to other battleground states, Wisconsin, North Carolina, Georgia, and Arizona. Meanwhile, JD Vance thinks VP Harris chose her running mate to appease what he calls the anti-Semitic wing of the Democratic Party. You guys thought Josh Shapiro would've been the choice. So does Vance. So here's what he had to say in regards to that. Pick Some of the, the leaders in the grassroots activists and their party wouldn't take a Jewish nominee.


I think it's despicable. I think it's disgusting. But that is right out of the words of many members of the Democratic leadership, I actually called Tim Waltz. I left a voicemail. I didn't get him, but I, I just said, look, congratulations. Look forward to a robust conversation and enjoy the ride. And maybe he'll call me back. Maybe he won't. Oh, that's light. I was watching Fox News last night. They was cooking. You hear me? JD Vance is on Fox News last night too. They said Democrats are anti-Semitic, anti-Jewish, far left radicals who want to chemical chemically castrate your kids. Jesus let men play women's sports and put tampons in men's bathrooms. What? Oh, wow. They said last night said, Harris Walls is the most radical presidential ticket ever. Tampons and men's bathrooms. And then they point, they, they, I don't, I I don't know if this is true or not. I didn't know this, but they said that they didn't mention inflation on the border.


Not one time yesterday at the rally. No, I did not hear anything regarding inflation. But the You know they just getting started and there's gonna be another one today. So we'll see what happens. As it regards to that, president Biden says, the Harris Walls ticket will be a powerful voice for working people in America's great middle class. In a statement, Biden praise Kamala Harris for tapping Minnesota Governor Tim Walls as her running mate. He also calls Walls an effective leader, citing his background as a teacher. Congressman, governor, and veteran Harris, of course, announced walls as her running mate yesterday. The Trump campaign is not feeling it. As you mentioned, they had some really critical things to say in regards to the Harris Walls ticket, as you mentioned, far Left Radical.


And they also cited her record on immigration saying that has been a disaster. But what's striking me a little bit is that Vance seems to be on the campaign trail by himself right now. And when reporters asked him, where is Trump, he simply responded. He's very busy. So where Is Trump? Trump is everywhere. We just saw Trump on a Ross scream. I just saw Trump about to do another interview with Elon Musk like Elon Musk. Yeah. Trump is everywhere. What do you mean? Where is Trump? Trump is everywhere. I I'm just repeating the questions that were asked. So yeah, he said he's very busy, but as you mentioned, Trump is supposed to do a interview with Elon Musk, and that's supposed to take place to tonight. So we will see what goes on with that.


So that's your front page news for the first hour and the next hour we'll hear more reactions from some locals about what's, how they feel about this Harris Falls Ticket. All right. Thank you Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. I'm tall. I'm Hey, what doing man Call, this Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this?


Yo, it's Will Detroit. Will What up? Do what Up do aa Look, I'm not a Republican, democrat, whatever. Right. But I really, I drive, I drive trucks for a living, bro. My man riding with me came here illegally. His brother just did the same thing. They getting debit cards loaded and working crazy ass cash jobs. So What we doing? We calling ice or what? What we doing? Ice. Ice. Whoever you wanna call, man. But I know my homies growing up here can't find a job, but these other people getting catered to. Oh, you say the guy's riding with you. So he's like your truck mate. What does that mean? Yeah, bro, he, he, well, listen, I don't know how you pass a drug. I mean, not drug, but I don't know how you pass a truck test If. you don't know how to read and write in English.


Wow. So he's riding with you. He got a job. He got a full EBT card. And your homies, you say grew up with you that, that are from the us Can't get a job. Can't find any work, Can't do nothing, bro. I'm the listen, in order for you to have a CDL, you gotta know how to read and write. Right. 'cause you gotta pass a written test. Where you calling From? Detroit? Detroit. Detroit, man. And I'm Middle Eastern, bro. That's why he's tripping me out. It's like, yo, I'm riding with somebody that's illiterate, but you drive a truck to me making five, four, or five wrecks a week and you can't speak English. How did he even get a job though? That's What he's saying. Because they paying for the scam. They're paying for the what? They're paying somebody to get the CDL bro. They Got a fee sign. He's saying that they got a fake CDL Bro.


What's up with ice? Ain't saying drop a dime. Lemme say drop a dime. Ice is all chill right now, bro. Hold on, let me see. He's saying drop a dime. That's what Charlamagne is trying to say. I'm just asking questions. Okay. You why haven't seen Belly and the dude with the dog? I gotta drop a dime on them. He trying saying drop a dime on him. I'm not, I'm not snitching on him, but I'm just keeping it real, bro. Like how? All right, well listen, I don't know. Thank you brother. 1, 1, 8, 6, 6 dhs, two ice to report suspicious activity. Just report it. Suspicious activity. You crazy. Okay. Alright. It's crazy. Hello? I just wanna know what's going on. That's all. Hello? Who's this Money? Hey, what's up? Money. Get it off your chest. Yes. About the open borders. If there was open borders, why would we need passports?


And there's no open borders on land, water or space. Where You calling from? Oh, calling from Tennessee. All right. Okay. And Also with the vices president pick Watts. They always be blame him for the Minneapolis riots, but they never seem to say what started the riot. All right. What you talking about? Derek Chauvin killing George Floyd. Right? I'm pretty sure. Yeah. That's what started It. Yeah. Derek Chauvin murdering George Floyd in cold blood. Yes. Yeah, that set the city on fire. So I believe was had nothing to do with that or the people in Minneapolis. Oh yeah. Yeah. I saw he, I saw him. He gets flax for his, his his, his late response in rolling the National Guard out.


I was, I You know, I like to watch all news networks. So I was watching Fox last night and they were saying how his wife allegedly rolled the, put the window up in her house and said she wanted to smell the flames of the city. Wow. I don't know if that's true or not. You know. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, Wake Up. Whether you're mad or Blessed, it's time To get up and get something. Call up Now. Eight five eight five five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this?


Yo, what up? What up? This Jay? This Jay. Jay, where you calling from? Oh, I, somewhere, somewhere in the city. Somewhere in the city of Georgia. Okay. Anyway, but look, I was doing, I was doing eat and then I, I do the package too. Somebody tied to put some illegal substances to, they tried to make me deliver some other packages. When I looked at the bag, I said, hold On. No, man, man. You know, right? I said, hold on. This person over here trying to deliver drugs, we reporting the hell out this right here. So look where You, where you at? Where you at though? Which, which state you in? Georgia. Oh. So it's definitely illegal in Georgia. You gotta call the police. How much weed was it though? How much weed was it? I don't know. Was it a, was it a lot of weed or was it a, a a a small pack. Let's just say it was enough DJ Envy.


It was enough out. Right? It it was enough to send your black after jail. I would've parked that car right then and there. And I would've called 9 1 1. And I would've said, Hey, I would've told him exactly what happened. Okay. That That what I did though. That what I did for look, they were like, look, I, I, I told him I threw it away You. know what I'm saying? I told him, I threw it away. I got rid of it. And what you really do with it? What you think? See, he just Bad get off. You about to feel bad. Get off my phone. He just As bad. Now I'm gonna ask you another question. How much weed was it? Was it an ounce? Was it a brick? Was it a pound? How much was it? No, it wasn't nothing like that. Man, come on. Now. These folk don't, I swear to God, these Don't, these folks ain't that dumb, but they dumb. You ain't that smart either, Bro. Not at all, brother. You going to jail.


Goodbye. Jesus Christ. Hello. Who's this? Yes. Hello, this is Manuel. Manuel. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Yes, yes, Yes. I'm doing good. I just wanna say that everybody's criticizing Donald Trump and stuff, but there's no one that's criticizing Madonna. When she said the first day when Trump was in office, that she was gonna brought the White House, and many other people were saying that they should attack Trump supporters. And then envy. I never hear you talking about inflation, the economy, how things are so expensive and why they won't make it less for my people. That's all we Talk about. But when Trump was in office, y'all criticized Trump lying.


I think y'all hypocritical. We Listen only on, we talk about all the time about how the prices are groceries are super duper high. You bugging, we talk about inflation Is high, how interest rates and people trying to purchase houses is high. How people, Yeah, but you never, you never criticized Biden. You always criticize Trump on everything. You're outta your Mind. I don't know. If, you listen. But I, the Dichotomy was better on the Trump. No lie. Everything was affordable. I don't know. If, you listen, you, I could tell you don't listen that much because you talking about it one time mind. I, I've been trying to get Biden to step down for the last year and saying that he, it seemed like he had early signs of dementia. What are you talking about? Yeah. But everything, everything that I listen to is always negativity against Trump Here on The, Breakfast, Club. We give it to both sides, sir. Yes we do. I don't know.


I know Y'all don't. Y'all Biased. Not only do we give it to both sides, you give It to one side, y'all one sided. And yo suck from the back and Y'all got excuse. Get outta here. Charlemagne. Okay. The crazy. How about that? How about that? I dunno why people don't listen. It got to a point where Solem, they, they really thought Solem was riding for Trump Because they still think I'm magging down. We Were so critical of both sides. I don't know what you're talking, Manuel And I. I mean, to be fair, inflation is coming down. But the problem is, these, these capitalist ass corporations are keeping the prices up. But Manuel, I'm sorry that, that I'm, I told you something From the back. No, you're not. You better stop inviting people for a good time. You gonna be you? No, Nah. Because I didn't mean, I, I no, I am a part it. I didn't mean to say from the back. I just meant to say so. See, I you watch somebody gonna come up here and do it, but like, you remember on the phone you told me this, I here To do it.


No. That would be against everything he believe in. He is a, he's a staunch conservative. Okay? He does not believe in rights for g LGBTQ people. Pray him with a good time. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Kai Sinat, they want him to jump into the politic ring and he's a little nervous about it. We'll tell you about it when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out on maternity leave, so we holding it down for her. So let's get to Jess with the mess. You Music is real. Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't.


She don't scare nobody Worldwide. Jess, worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's Time to set it door. Michaela Skinner If. you don't know who that is. She's asking. Please stop. Stop cyberbullying her. Now this comes from her doing an interview. She's a former gold gymnast. She actually was on a team with Simone Biles. And when she was asked about the new team, this is what she said before the Olympics, Besides Simone, I feel like the talent and the depth just isn't like what it used to be.


I just noticed like, I mean, obviously a lot of girls don't work as hard. The girls just don't have the, the work ethic. Like, and it's hard too because of SafeSport. Like coaches can't get on athletes and they have to be really careful what they say, which in some ways is really good. But at the same time, to get to where you need to be in gymnastics, you do have to be, I feel like a little aggressive and a little intense. So she said that about the team USA this year. Well, they won a medal, the first event. And when they won that medal, Simone Biles posted a picture of all the girls with their gold medals. And she put lack of talent, lazy, but Olympic champions. Well, of course that was a stab at Mikhail Skinner. And what did Twitter and Instagram and social media do?


They started tagging McKayla like crazy. And five seconds later, Unfortunately, things have really gotten outta hand lately. And it's one thing to disagree with me regarding something I have said, but it's something else entirely when that turns into cyber bullying. Or even worse, watching people cheer on the bullying, which has led to threats of physical harm to me, my husband and our daughter is disgusting. Please, at this point, I am just asking for it to just stop for the sake of my family, because enough is enough.


If Simone truly believes that I called our team lazy and lacking talent, and if that's really how she feels, I am really heartbroken over it. Boy, young lady, she has no idea that ple


seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State, Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that We all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like The Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Mo Joe,


Visit MO do us for the best free play social casino experience Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at m mo. Do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly conditions apply to website for details.


Hello, go us.


Step into The World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get Mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck on the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I'll call upon you to do a service For me. Play The Godfather now@chumpofcasino.com. Welcome To the family, No purchase necessary VW Group. Avoid prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply


Tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcasts. Good news ad free listening is available on Amazon Music. For all the music plus top podcasts included with your prime membership, stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon music app for free. Or go to amazon.com/news ad free. That's amazon.com/news ad free to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Here's a Little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. Any year, any condition the deal's so good, it will have you shouting from the rooftops. So get yourself down to street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series. Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details


To the internet only makes it worse. I am sure that they went even harder. Yes. After she went online and said what she said, I I am sorry that she's going through that, but I guarantee you she made it worse. Yeah, but she said the team kind of was like a lazy, like didn't put in the work. And then when they won the gold medal, You know. Simone was like, well here's lack of telling. Lazy You know. Well, she should apologize for her statement. Correct. And keep it moving. Yep. Pleading to the internet to stop. No, they gonna stay on your ass. 'cause they gonna be like, you shouldn't have never said what you said to begin with. You apologize and walk away from your phone. If. you, you feel that way? That's right, man, your beard looks stupid now. It's so distracting. Now Kai Sinat talks about he was reached out by the Secret Service and Kai looked stressed.


He look, he's like, look, I'm not, I don't get into politics. I really don't know much about politics. I wish the Secret Service was stopped calling me. He looked kind of stressed out. I got the what? The SI don't my, this girl is so goddamn wrong who go have the audacity to text me. We need you a part of the campaign. At first I was talking, I was thinking she was talking about like a game, a video game, like a, a model warfare game. I'm like, what campaign? If this subway, somehow something was to go into where I do the stream of politics, I'm going to be 100% honest.


I'm going to sit on my street and say, why did you guys call me Drop on a Clues bus with Uck Kai hit me and tell me who sent you that text man? Because whoever on Vice President Kamala Harris team hit Kai and not to do a live stream, they need to be fired. Okay, stop letting social media run H Campaign. You saw Trump go Aden Ross. And you saw the attention that garnered, you saw the headlines that got you saw social media start saying the vice president needs to go on Kai to not, and you ran to go make that happen. Not even stopping to think, is this organic? Does Kai to not even care about politics? You know why the Trump, because He even know anything about it, have questions.


He might be supportive of Trump. We don't know. No, He's not supportive of Trump. Cut it out. You don't know who he supports. I know he don't support no Trump. You You know why the Trump, Aiden Ross scream worked because Aiden Ross had real interest in Donald Trump. And. I do believe politicians should absolutely meet people where they are. But it still has to make sense. Let it be something organic. There is a lot of places the VP can go to get in front of a younger audience. There are influences. Kai Age, You know it, it, I, I don't know. I'm like I said, I'm all from beating people where they are. But it also has to make sense. Masana is never even, I've never heard Cassat mention politics one time. Not even talk about it at all. No. So we don't know what, what his interest are, what he cares about, what he likes. Not at all You know.


He's the one, he's the biggest streamer. But besides that, he's never mentioned Politics. If the vice president was to run the Kai now she would just look like she's copying Trump. You You know who I wanna see the vice president sit with. I wanna see the Vice President sit with the 85 South show. I think that would be a great organic kickback. I believe Carlos Chico and DC would have a real honest conversation with her. And we would love that for the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. By the way, our Kamala should tap in with somebody like that kid. What's his name? Harry Sisson. Harry Sisson, I think his name is. He's all, he's all in on the Harris Walls campaign. I love Kai, but sending the VP to Kai just because Trump went to Aiden Ross. That's corny. Now pull up here at The. Breakfast Club. No, send the VP in her silk press someplace that doesn't look like she's copying Trump.


That's what shit happened. Now also, can, can we bring OVO in here? OVO. Eli. Oh Lord. Yesterday Drake released some new music and created a fence to page. Now he rela he released a hundred gigs of music. Now this was also three songs. As we bring in OVO Eli in here, first of all, I like don't, don't you say nothing and tell you tell envy how stupid his sprayed on bill. No, don't say nothing. So O Eli gang. Yeah, gang. Talk about have real beer. That's what I'm talking about. Paint. No, it's not paint, but, And it's darker on one side. That's what it is Now. OVO. Yeah. Don't let him, don't let him detract you of what? What you're supposed to be up here for. Detract Distract you My bad.


Yesterday. Yeah. Your God. Yes indeed. Released new music. You call Him your God. All three. You say God, oh my God. Like, what the hell? I'm like, come on bro. Your rap. God, I should say release some new music. What's your thoughts on it? I love it, man. I mean, it was great. Plot twists. There's a lot to unpack. When have you not loved Drake music? Let this man talk On you didn't like something. Listen, Drake's doing what he does best and us being great, doing right and killing everything. Oh my God. But like I said, there was, there's a lot to unpack, no pun intended than a hundred gigs on your head top. Did You know this was coming? Course there's A lot tot unpack, no pun intended. What did that mean? Because it's an archive of a bunch of folders. So a lot to unpack. But I thought you meant like fudge packer because that's how you sound right now.


But continue. But no, I think it's great. Aside from Party Next Door and Drake announcing their collab album on the way, which we already know is gonna be a classic. So now with the, the music that he put out, oh, you into the songs or, or how, how would the songs sound? And I didn't get a chance to dive into it. So He got three songs. One with Young Thug, 21 Savage. He got what That record is Cool. Green. You like that one? The record with 20. I said, I didn't say I like it. I said it's cool. The record with 21 and Thug is cool. What, what about housekeeping knows what Lotto you like I text you yesterday. What'd I tell you yesterday? I forgot what I said. What I said. You, you said you only liked the other one, but I wasn't sure. If, you gave the other two a listen, like a good thorough Oh, I said swinging a miss. That's what I said to you. So you like it so you supported full of it and you like this project because people are saying Drake should just shut up, go away for a little bit.


He's, and then come back later. But, but you think Drake's in his own, you think he's in his Zone? He can't take a break. He said it in for, for all the dogs Deluxe trailer. He said that like hes just, he got Canadian testicles in your cheeks right now. Go ahead. Listen. So you, so you are a hundred percent supportive. If, you listen to the project and it's a dope project. Yeah, the three songs is great, but whether they're loosies in the archive, I'm pretty sure he has plenty of music we haven't heard. That's the issue, right? He Drake just doing stuff. There's no direction to it. He's trying to make it look organic. Like it's nothing like it's effortless. But this is clearly a rollout. He's putting his toe in the water. He wants to see how people feel about him. Drake, you're fine. Okay, today you are you. That is true. And, and true. There is no one alive. Who is you than you?


Drake. Okay. You know, he just do what he wants. Like he's just You know what he wants to do. Thank you. OV Do you mind OVO if we play a one of the records off there? Of course. Let's house Housekeeping. Can we play housekeeping? No. Feature A motto. Cool. Let's do it. Let's do it. Nah man, we can't play that. OVO reps up. All right, I got a better record. We could play What? Play it red. Don't do it. Play it red, play it, play it red. What? Play? So those, No man, let's get into that right now. That is just with the mess. Yo wipe, Wipe your mouth. Here's housekeeping. Those feature a lot of, when we come back, we got front page news. It's the breakfast for the moment. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good boy. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's getting some front page news. What's up Morgan? Hey. Hey. So yeah, y'all in New York, New York democratic leaders are reacting to vice president Kamala Harris's choice of Minnesota Governor Tim Walls as her running mate. New York Governor Kathy Hool says Walls has a progressive heart. And New York City mayor Eric Adams says, people are looking for someone who's authentic. Let's hear their comments. He Wants to continue focusing on families and supporting the labor community and making sure we have protections. He, reproductive rights are so important to all of us, but he has leaned into this in a Republican leaning area. I just believe he brings this very authentic leadership that his, his daughter, I think his daughter said she's a vegetarian You know.


So I'm excited about what's going to happen on the campaign trail. I don't know if authentic is a word I would ever use for a politician. You know, I I, I just, I just don't think the, the nature of the job allows you to be as be authentic, but Well, What do people expect for them to say? I mean, they're gonna support regardless. It wasn't like they were gonna like, nah, I didn't like that pick. I think that pick was whacked. They never gonna go against Yeah, whoever. I mean, I, to be honest with you, like I said, I don't, I wanted Governor Josh Shapiro, but I don't care either way. If he can help the vice President get electoral votes, that's, that's, that's all we can hope for. I, when a post on X out house minority leader, Hakeem Jeffrey said, Kamala Harris and Tim Walls will lead America into a brighter future for everyone.


The campaign is now in full force. Now that's something I've noticed that I've seen on commentary is that people are now talking about how the democratic campaign is now rallying behind Harris with enthusiasm as, as opposed to before it was the focus was Trump this, Trump that Trump can't do this and Trump can't do that. Whereas now it seems to be more of a enthusiastic and hopeful agenda. But I, I agree with that. I've always felt like that. I've always felt like You know they focus too much on telling America how bad Trump is, as opposed to telling people what it is they they have done right. Because she's been in the White House for the last four years and what, what they plan to do.


That's what people, that's what people want to hear right now. Yeah, absolutely. Hopefully that is the case as they continue on these battleground states and we start to hear more about policy. Now, switching gears away from the political spectrum for people are being charged in connection to the death of Devonte Mitchell. Let's say his name, Devonte Mitchell, a black man who died outside of a Wisconsin hotel back in June. Mitchell was restrained and pinned to the ground by four security guards outside of a Hyatt in Milwaukee. The medical examiner's office says, Mitchell died from restraint of at fi asphyxia and declared his death a homicide. The me also said his death may have been exasperate exasperated by toxics of toxic effects of cocaine and methamphetamine.


Now, on Tuesday, felony chargers were, and arrest warrants were filed against all four security guards. I'm not sure If, you guys have seen that video, but allow me to issue a trigger warning before you go and check and watch it to the listeners that it could be rather a tough watch. So You know, definitely we'll keep you guys posted on that. And switch gears again. Team USA is adding another gold medal in track and field at the Paris Olympics. Gabby Thomas dominated the Women's 200 meter race, finishing first with a time of 21.83 seconds. Now Thomas says It was unreal finishing goal. And then team mate, Brittany Brown won bronze in the event. Let's hear comments from them about winning medals.


I was in complete disbelief. I mean, I know I've earned it. I've trained so hard for this. There is no feeling like earning a gold Olympic gold medal. It's unbelievable. But it's been a crazy year. So to come back with the medal, it's amazing feeling. So the win gives team USA its fifth gold medal in track and field with no other country having more than two. And of course, St. Lucia's, Julian Alfred took silver in that event. Meanwhile, team USA's basketball demolished Brazil 122 to 87 to advance to the semi-final round at the Paris Olympics. Devin Booker led the team with 18 points while Anthony Edwards had 17 off the bench. Joelle Embiid embraced the boos and nailed all three of his three point attempts with to finish with 14 points and seven rebounds.


Now, the stars and Stripes have won each of their first four games by at least 15 points. And we'll try to carry the momentum against Serbia on Thursday and just when we thought gymnastics was over, Romania is protesting the bronze medal that Jordan child received for her floor routine. Team Romania is protesting the results with the International Gymnastics Federation and a review of the floor rou routine will be conducted. This all comes down to fractions of a point and whether or not the gymnast stepped out of bounds. This whole Olympics has been absolutely amazing, and just watching the Youth You know get inspired by watching the Olympics. And I just can't wait to see what happens to the talent pool when they come here in four years at the Olympics in la.


And just real side note, shout out to young boxers out of the DMV, Jeremiah and Carlos under Coach Ben, AKA Mr. Miyagi, they're up listening to us every day as they train. So I just, And I know they got next. So I just can't wait to see what happens with, with, with You. know the young athletes being inspired. My daughter, she has her her mat out on the floor doing routines. It's just crazy to watch. But Team USA continues to lead the way with 24 gold medals and 86 total medals after winning seven more yesterday. What Salute to Mr. Miyagi? What's his name? Mr. Miyagi. It's Coach Ben. Yeah, he's out of Virginia, but yeah. Yeah. S they call him Mr. Biagi You know Karate. They're boxers Boxer trainers. So I guess he's just a trainer. So Mr. Miyagi. Yeah. All right.


So of course iHeart is your exclusive audio partner. Continue to check us out the NBC's coverage of the 2024 Paris Olympics. Stay looped on everything we've got here. Download the free app. We've got you covered. And that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, you can hit me up on socials at Morgan Media and continue to check out our news coverage at the Black Information network@binews.com. Alright, Thank y Alright, thank you Morgan. Peace Morgan. All right, when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now Kamala Harris has picked a running mate, Tim Walls, and what are your thoughts? What are your opinions? Do you like this pick? Do you not like it? (800) 585-1051. Phone lines are wide open. Let's discuss it. The Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club.


Steady calling my phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Jess is out. She's on maternity leave, so we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Kamala Harris yesterday picked her running mate, Tim Wal. And we're asking, what are your thoughts? Solomon, what do you think? I I I don't really care either way. You know. I, I thought I like Governor Josh Shapiro. I thought he would've been the best pick You know I like that guy a lot. He's been here to The, Breakfast, Club governor Josh Shapiro. He is a strong advocate for workers rights.


I love what he's done in regards to probation reform, criminal justice reform, his clean slate initiative. So I like him. And more importantly, man, he just got a lot of political star power. Like You know, you hear a lot of people call him the the Jewish Obama, right? And If, you saw him give his speech last night in Pennsylvania before Vice President Harris and Tim Walls. You, you can see that political star power. So I just felt like You know she needed that kind of star on the ticket to, to, to take out of Donald Trump in November. But honestly, I don't care about, I don't, I don't care either way. You know. I I, as long as Tim Walls can help her You know get electoral votes, that that's all that matters.


Yeah. I I I really didn't know much about Tim Walls. I still don't really know much about him. I just knew the fact that he looked kind of older. He looked like a lot. He looked like he's the same age as Biden and, and and Trump, but he's not. He's 60 years old. I do like his background. I I love the fact that he's a former school teacher, that he was in the Army. I love the fact that he was a ex-coach. And yesterday when I heard him speak, he, he was energizing. He, he, he gave the people what they want, but we'll see more and more about his policies and what he thinks he, he's able to fight with the Best. He, he, he done some really good stuff in Minnesota that I, that I, that I, that I saw yesterday. So after hearing him speak yesterday, I, I like him more. At first I was like, I wanted Shapiro as well, but I, I wasn't mad at, at his speech yesterday.


And we'll see how it, it continues on, on the campaign run. But I wasn't Mad at this though. I will say this though. What's that? It is crazy to me how black people are so quick to jump on these white politicians' penis. Lord have mercy. Y'all got nicknames for Tim Walls already? What's the name? I see people with little cute slogans from the window to the walls. And I'm like, damn. That's funny. I wish we loved each other immediately the way y'all love them. I mean, the cape goes on expeditiously for these white politicians. Y'all just met the man To the window to the wall. Isn't he's not your uncle? Nope. He's not your coach. Nope. He's not your fun dad. He's a politician. You don't have to fall in love with him.


Let's just hope he can help the vice president get some electoral votes, but all that other extra stuff y'all be doing. God damn bro. So he is not Uncle Wallace's. Coach Wallace taking knee pads off. Let's go to the fold, man. Hello. Who's this? Hey, This is Marquette. Ben, come out of Florida. Hey, what's up man? T talk to us. What's, what's your thoughts? To Me, I personally like it because he's a military veteran and I'm a military veteran, so I feel like he gonna look out for military veterans to welcome the election. And I feel like he's a good fit for the Democratic party. Okay. I mean, what you mean a good fit for the Democratic party? He's the governor. He's been governor of Minnesota. He been in the Democratic Party. You mean a good fit as vice president? Vice president, Yeah. Vice president. Yeah, vice president. Okay. Thank you. Hello. Who's this?


Yo, what's good? It's Keith from Brooklyn. You heard Keith? Why y'all be doing me dirty on the line like that? Why you talking so loud? Keith, calm down. We got you on now. What's up brother? Yo, what's up? Yo, my my opinion is, is that I'm just tired to pick people picking old people. You know I'm 34 years old, so by the time that You know, if, if Kamala Harris does a a two year term, like a a two term, I'll be like two years younger than what Charlemagne is right now. I'm just, as a millennial, I'm tired of seeing it. We need to start getting more millennials and more people like Charlemagne and y'all age, like into the, into the political field. Well, listen, Tim Walls is only six months older than Kamala Harris.


Kam Harris is 59. Tim Waz is 60. She's 60. Well, 59 don't give it. Don't round her up. No, I mean, I I mean, yo look, I mean, after, look, retirement age is 65, so I don't understand why people in their sun shake years after retirement age even still working. That's, that's time when you supposed to relax and go play some golf or something. Like why y'all still here? So you want your, you want your politicians in the forties is what you're saying? Yeah, At least in the forties or like my age, like we got some young politicians out here in New York and stuff like that. Like I wanna see people like that. Well, The minimum You know, I mean, is to be a president is 35, so you have to be at least 35 to be the president of the United States. Yeah. Yeah. I I ain't, I ain't mind. I don't mind. Alright. God bless All God bless.


Peace 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Yesterday Kamala Harris announced her running mate will be Tim Walls. And we're asking, what do you think, what do you think about this ticket? Does it excite you? What's your thoughts? Phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it. It's topic times call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave, so we are asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Kamala Harris picked her running mate, Tim Walls yesterday. And we're asking what are your thoughts? Hello? Who's this? Yo, This is Ano. Hey, what's up Ano? What's up? You hear that? I hear you in the truck. Yo. So yeah, listen, the VP that Kamala picked, I think he'll be good. I think he, he's, he's the type of person that will get like older white voters out to come and represent the Democratic party and it just kind of softens her up a little bit. Yeah, he makes the white folks comfortable. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. You're right. But I mean, other than that, the one thing I do worry about though is when and if the Democrats do win, it's gonna be all our health.


Well, Once again, there's gonna be a lot of people all over the country who, who refuse to certify the results of an election, results of the election and the Supreme Court. I'm telling you, in light of all of the Supreme Court's recent rulings, when Donald Trump challenges the results of the election, if he loses, what do you think the Supreme Court is gonna do? Oh, they gonna side for Donald Trump. Why? Why wouldn't they? What makes us think they wouldn't at this at this point? Hello, who's this? This Is Megan. Hey, Megan. Good morning. Good morning.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that We all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Modo us.


Visit Modo us for the best free place social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and casino. Hold them. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins, and exciting promotions. Register today at Modo us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly, conditions apply. See website details.


Hello, Do us, I'm Victoria Cash, And I wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky land slots.com. And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. BTW Group Boyd were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcasts. Good news ad free listening is available on Amazon Music. For all the music plus top podcasts included with your prime membership, stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon Music app for free. Or go to amazon.com/news ad free. That's amazon.com/news ad free to catch up on the latest episodes without the


ads.


Hey, This is Jodi Sweeten from the podcast, how Rude Ritos as a nostalgic voice from your past. I'm here to remind you that amongst the stressful and chaotic existence we live in 2024, you deserve to get away. It's time for a vacation no matter when you're hearing this. And lemme tell you how you'll get there. The 2024 Hyundai Santa Fe. Wanna bring the family to the mountains with the Santa Fe's available. H track, all wheel drive. Well, it's got standard third row seating and available door wireless charging pads for the kids who just wanna stare at their phone and not talk to you You. know what I mean? Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Well, first of all, I'm, I'm thrilled to get through and say good morning to you guys. I've been listening for many years and good morning, And I. Hope Jess is doing well. I know she's not there, but What's your thoughts, Megan? On Tim Wall? Yeah. On, on the new ticket. Kamala Harris, Tim Walls, I couldn't be happier. I was shocked that she actually chose him. And why couldn't you be happier? You like Tim Walls talk to us. Yes. I think he is hands down the most progressive governor in the country and he has done fantastic things in Minnesota. And, I. Just think that he was the best picked. I know you guys are very fond of Shapiro And. I don't dislike him. But there were a couple of things that I think would've worked against her if she chose Shapiro.


Like what? Like he is a hard liner on Israel to the point where he was smearing protestors a few months ago as anti-Semitic. He compared them to the KKK and with young people, that specific demographic like college age kids, that they need to get out there and vote for them. That would've been no good, because then he had the same stance as Biden. Yeah, but that's so interesting to me because literally whether it was Mark Kelly, Tim Walls Governor, Josh Shapiro, whether it's the Vice President, Kamala Harris, they all have the exact same stance on Israel and God like Not exactly. Yes, They do. To an extent. I agree. To an extent. I agree. Because they are all pro Israel.


Like that's gonna be the case regardless. Not just all pro Israel. They, they all say Israel has the right to defend themselves. They all say we gotta bring the hostages home first. Like, it's like the same rhetoric. They, they all believe in a two-state solution. No. Shapiro is way further to the direction of Netanyahu on No, he is not. He's actually, no, he's called. He, he called, he called Netanyahu out first. He does not like Netanyahu. He's called Netanyahu out. See, this is where the misinformation comes into play. No, no. He look it up. He definitely compared the protestors to the KKK. He said, he said, and He also had said a little further back, he said something very disparaging about Arabs that they're, I can't remember the exact word You're talking about.


You're talking about, yeah, you're talking about the paper he wrote when he was 20 years old. That Is naturally more violent or something like that. And it's like, that's kind of outrageous. Like that's not gonna win over young people when it comes to the issue of Israel. Well, he, and he also said that when he was 20 years old, thank you Megan in college. But the quote she's talking about is Governor Shapiro said, we have to query whether or not we would tolerate this if this were people dressed up in KKK outfits. Hmm. That's what he, that's what he actually said. Well, Lotus seven on the stream right now. We're live on the stream, said progressive, but also in touch and relatable to the everyday working person. He definitely balances out Kamala. Somebody else says Dems want men in women's sports.


The Dems want men in our little girl's bathroom in school. Mad people said that on, on the thing. Where did that come from? I was watching Fox News last night and they was cooking with that. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. They, they keep saying say no to men in women's bathrooms. What else are people saying? But it's also 'cause Tim Walls had signed a, the a bill making Minnesota a sanctuary state fac for child sex changes. Mm. Like that, that, that, that, That's why everybody's saying that because a lot of people are saying that in the chat. That, that, that people are not too happy with that issue. Yeah. All right. Well, let's go to another caller. Hello, who's this? Hello, my name is Alexander Oland out of North Carolina.


Hey, Alexander from the Carolinas. Good morning. Talk to us. So I actually wanted to let y'all know that I actually believe the Democrats made the 100% best choice. Why do You, why do you think that? Well, If, you look at Tim Watt's record, right? And you compare it to a little bit of Josh Shapiro and what, and his rhetoric and what he's done. Tim Wats has 12 weeks of paid family leave for the people of Minnesota. 12 weeks paid sick leave, right? Universal free school meals, breakfast and lunch. That's huge. That's huge for, for, for the working class and, and, and their families. I mean, this, this got Republic College from families making under 80 K, right?


He codified Roe v. Wade in in Minnesota, which again, is very, very huge and is gonna help out Kamala greatly in pushing this whole one of the You know big narratives of, Hey, look at the Republicans did. They took away Roe v Wade, which is a big deal, right? He did some good police referral too. On the other hand, he did some good police reform after George Floyd too. He did. And that's another thing that the Republicans are gonna probably try to fight him on, is, oh, look at what happened. You guys waited so long called the National Guard. That's not a credible fight. Or, or, or credible being against Tim Wal, like that. This would literally be worst thing the Republicans could have had happen to them with the Democrats picking Tim Wa because of his record.


They could have got Josh Shapiro on numerous things and And I understand. We I like Obama. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. They, they, they, they can nailed Tim Walls with way more things on the rights. See, here's the thing about Tim Walls. Tim Walls is great for Thank you. The Progressives. No, you should have kept him on the phone. You, he still there. He's great for the progressives and the Democratic Party. He's great for the base of the Democratic Party. But when it comes to the right, they can spin that. He's a far left radical. He's a far left liberal. Who wants to castrate your kids? You know, like, like, no, he wants open borders. Like I watch Fox for, see, I watch Fox News on purpose. I watched him for three or four hours last night. They was killing Tim Walls.


But A lot of people are saying Walls online. They're saying that You know. He, he seems like an everyday person. He did 24 years in military service, 20 years as a teacher. Correct. He used the GI Bill to go to school. He feels like an everyday person that came up the same way a lot of us did. So he feels like one of us that was from Niecy, Marcia. But yeah, PE people seem to like the fact that he's, he seems like an everyday person. He came up from the You know from the gutter and, and did it the right way, the quote unquote right way. Absolutely. I mean, look, I, I'm still in 12 years in National Guard myself in North Carolina. I've got 12 years. He did half, he did half more than me. I'm gonna plan on doing a little bit more than that. You know. He just, he feel like all of those things are valid. And also, if you've heard some of Tim Walk's interview and he has said, oh, they're going to attack me on, oh my goodness, I'm giving the kids free food, Free free food, right?


Or I'm doing this for the kids, or I'm doing that for the kid, or I'm doing this for these people. He just came out and said, yeah, go ahead and attack me on that. And he, he he'll be ready, especially against JD Vans. Oh, he's gonna demolish him in an debate. It's not gonna be good and it's Gonna be bad. And thank you for your call. And somebody also said, You know, forget about the tampons and men's bathroom. We can't afford food. You know a lot of people saying that You know they need help with, with, with money and, and they feel like You know the Democrats need to be sending people some more money trying to lower inflation and lowering all these things that people can't afford. Yeah. Listen, like I said, man, I thought Governor Josh App Perro would, would be the best pick, but he's definitely got top of the ticket energy. So I could see where he wouldn't want to be number two. But with Tim Walls, I don't mind.


I just, I just hope he can get the VP some electoral votes. That's all. The only thing I would like to say is black people, you do not have to fall in love with these politicians. It is just crazy to me how black people are so quick to jump on white political penis. It's unbelievable. Y'all don't have to create little cute nicknames for Tim Walls. Okay? Y'all don't have to have your little slogans from the window to the walls. You know. You don't have to do that. I just, I wish we loved each other immediately. The way we are so quick to embrace these white politicians. I mean, the cape just, just comes out for these white politicians. He's not your uncle, right? Yeah. He's not your coach. He's not your fun dad. He's a politician.


Let's treat this like business, okay? You don't have to fall in love with him. Yep. Somebody, somebody said that you seem like you're on Shapiro's head top. Somebody else, somebody else said Democrats need to continue focusing on Project 2025. True. The Harris Wall ticket very true, is smart and puts America first as opposed to the Trump Vans ticket. That was a unique loving life. Unique, Loving life. You're absolutely right. And that's why I don't like them saying that Trump and JD Vance are weird. Project 2025 is a lot more than weird. Okay? Those what, what the Supreme Court is currently doing our to our constitutional rights. That's a lot more than weird. What the Supreme Court has done by granting president's presidential immunity for crimes.


That's a lot more than weird. What the Supreme Court has done as far as You know, making it legal for elected officials to be able to take bribes. That's a lot more than weird. Like weird is a, a understatement. Like, don't let Republicans You know and conservatives force you to stop telling the actual truth. I don't care if people say things like, I'm tired of hearing about Trump being a threat to democracy. Facts are facts. Truth is truth. What they're doing is a lot more than weird. Alright? All right. Now when we come back, we got Jess with the mess. Jess is out. So we'll tell you about Kalani. Yesterday we reported a story that her, her baby father alleged that she was in a, a religious and sex cult. Well, she responds so we'll get to that.


And we got the full story. Charlamagne her, her baby father saying it was Ka. Who the hell you talking about walked out. I Say, you shouldn't have walked out. Well, you have to catch up when we come back. It's The, Breakfast Club. The Morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club every sluts. Everybody heading out Torie pour for fifties weekend humor in Harmony Weekend. Of course, we're starting off our my car show season, the Drive Your Dreams Car Show. We'll be down there. So if you're coming on down, bring the kids, bring the family. It's a family fun day. My, my family's coming down there, so we're gonna have a lot of fun. And then You know we did a big, big, big one next week, August 17th in New York. New Jersey, You know Kids Vibing under a Free, we are giving away backpacks, free haircuts for the kids. It's Rods games. And of course, every type of call you could possibly imagine.


The celebrity calls from Cardi B Offset a Boogie French Montana, just to name a few. So I can't wait to see you guys And You know this Saturday I was supposed to have my ninth annual back to school book bag Drive in Fish Frye. But we had to postpone it to the 17th. So Mons Corner, South Carolina, it's not gonna be this Saturday. 'cause You know Tropical Storm. Debbie, I think her name was Tropical Storm. Debbie is hitting the low country this week. So we had to push it back to the next, next, next Saturday. I believe it's next Saturday. Yes, Saturday, August 17th. Yeah, that, Yeah. You see I seen it on yesterday, say 17th. Same place. Berkeley High School student parking lot. 4 0 6 West Main Street.


In Mount Corner. So we'll have free backpacks and school supplies and haircuts and You know Free Fish and shrimps. Okay? But we just had to move it back a week 'cause of Tropical Storm, Debbie. So I hope everybody down there is safe and you see you. We'll see you next Saturday. All right, Well when we come back, we got your Jess with the mess. Of course Jess is out, she's on on maternity leave. But a lot going on. We'll tell you about Lauryn Hill. Were you excited to see that tour? Well, it ain't gonna happen. We'll explain when we come back. It's the breakfast local. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Jess hilarious. Who's out on maternity leave. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lie.


She don't nobody Worldwide, worldwide Method on The, Breakfast Club, she's a cultureship. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set the door. Now, update. Yesterday we reported a story about Kalani's baby daddy. He said that allegedly was saying that he believed she was in a cult in a religious inex cult. And he wanted primary custody of their daughter. He said that he, he was basically forced to say, I don't wanna say forced to say, but it was known or said that he was gay and that he was pretty much just a sperm donor for their child.


And he was upset about that. Now he's saying Cap on all of that. Well, he said, I never said that. I think Kehlani is in a sex cult. Nor did I ever say that my daughter is in a sex cult That's factually incorrect. And I think it's disgusting that TMZ would exploit a child's image like that. So where did he get that from? What TMZ get that From? I don't know. He said further. I have not been made aware of any court ordered mediation as of writing this per the account of TMZ. Personally, I would love for TMZ to justify to me the father how they came up with this narrative. So what do you think the Illuminati did? Did they come to his house? Did they email him? Did they send him a text message? Did they call, what did they do to make him clean that up?


Huh? He says, I'm hoping to clear all these discrepancies made by TMZ. I hope to see a formal retraction and apology. What do you think YouTube? Huh? What do you think? What's, what Secret Society was it that made him clean this Up? Now, Kehlani, she also responded yesterday. She said, what has been published in the media over the past 24 hours is incredibly hurtful and accurate and appropriate and simply untrue. I wanted to take the time to ensure that I responded to these accusations from a calm and considered space rather than a reactive one. They emailed Kehlani too. You think they emailed Kalani or they came to our house? What do you think happened? I just wondered when, when the Illuminati makes these calls and tell people to clean things up, I wonder how did, how do they send a message Carry a pigeon?


I I have no idea. But they both, what do you think claiming Cap on on those stories? Where did TMZ get there from? I don't know. Don't TMZ gotta cite their sauces? Yeah, but it was entertaining. It was interesting. It was Hilarious. It was interesting. Now I know all you guys were probably excited to see the Lauryn Hills and Fuji's tour. I know people will buy tickets like crazy. It's supposed to be a dope tour, right? Well, the tours canceled Why They happened. They're not saying why. They just saying it was abruptly canceled. Don't They do this? Like, didn't they do this last year too, don't they? They've done this a few times. It feels like, it feel like the Fuji's always announced that they're going on tour and then the tour gets canceled. I know P'S family just thinks he's a liar. Okay? Every time, every time Pros tells his family the Fujis are back, we going on tour.


It just doesn't happen. Well, This is the third consecutive year that they canceled tour dates. The reunion tour three, Right? I told you what I knew it was a couple. The reunion tour was initially announced in 2021, but was later postponed before being canceled in January, 2022. I don't know the reason that kids getting canceled, but I really would like to know how come just from just asking the question. 'cause I love Lauryn Hill too. She's a legend Miseducation of Lau Hill, one of the greatest bodies of the work ever created. Why does she still have so much consumer trust? I'm seriously asking. Could we always hear about You know her either being late for shows or canceling shows last minute?


I don't know. So when I keep hearing about these Fujis toys getting canceled, I just wonder, yeah, I just wonder, IIII Don't know what it is that's causing these toys to get canceled. I just know that there's a common denominator here that for the last 25 years has been showing us some things. And, I You know this. This has been happening for like 25 years. So I just be wondering why do y'all keep buying tickets? But I ain't gonna front, I like, why would you buy a ticket? That's what I'm, that's all I'm saying. Like, I would have to wait for like, why do we still have so much consumer trust 20 minutes before the show? That's all I'm saying. And then I see a video of Laury Hill say, I'm in the building for me to run A ticket, And I. I'm not gonna just put it on Laury Hill. 'cause Laury Hill has the reputation for being late. Right? Right. And she has a reputation for canceling show last minute. But now we gotta say the group too.


The group Fujis have canceled three toys in three years. I've seen Ycl numerous times perform. Why do people still have so much consumer trust? I'm, I'm just really asking. I I, I, because there's going to be a time y'all announced this to and nobody's gonna buy a ticket because of three of these three strikes and you're out. They right. You know we've, we've run to kick this football quite a few times. There's gonna come a point in life where you're gonna announce a show. You're gonna announce a tour and nobody's gonna buy tickets. And it's because people are going to stop having trust. I don't know why they still have so much trust now, to be honest, I, I, I Don't know. Maybe just wishful thinking Maybe, but I, there's no way in hell I would, especially if it's another, another city.


I wouldn't buy a flight or hotels none of that. Now, yesterday CSA announced she's taking a break from her shows. She said yesterday on social media, yesterday was my last show for a while. Finally about to get my life together. Thank you God. So she's about to take a break. She's been on the road for a minute now Drop on a clue bomb for Scissor. That means that y'all not getting another album for five years. No. Stop it Now. Janet Jackson confirmed she is doing her Las Vegas residency. We reported that there was rumors and that there was negotiations. She said yesterday that her manager confirmed she will be returning to Las Vegas for a residency. So If, you want to see Janet Jackson perform.


I'm sure she will be there slated to begin the holiday season. So I won't go to that, I'm sure right after Halloween. You know through Thanksgiving they said it's reportedly to close to Christmas. So she had a residency before. Or she, that's what It says. She says she's returning back to Vegas. I don't remember. No Janet Jackson residency. I don't remember either. Mm. All right. And lastly, people You know how people are, are doing Cardi B trademarks, a couple of names, defamation of character and intrusive thought. So people are believing that maybe that's gonna be the name of her new album. This gave from Tmz. He scared me just now. I thought about to say her child like, please, Cardi won't name your child defamation basic character. Lord have mercy. I was like, What?


No, No, no, No. She wouldn't do that. No. No. But they're thinking that that's gonna be the names of her album. Either. It's gonna be Defamation of Character or Intrusive Thoughts. Now this came from TMZ. They said that she trademarked both of them. And that's what people are assuming and thinking. All right. I like both of 'em. I like both of 'em too. Yeah. All right. And that is just with the Mess now. Charlemagne? Yes. Who you giving that down to? We need American Olympic gymnast Mikayla Skinner to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a war with her. This is a teachable moment. We'll discuss it. Oh boy. He told you already about the bullying Thing. It's not, nothing has nothing to do with bullying. Okay. Alright, well we'll get to it. Next. It The Breakfast Club. Good morning The.


Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Don't be out here acting Like a donkey. Pee high. Bitch pee high. It's time for Donkey of the Day. I'm a big boy. I could take it If. you feel I deserve it? Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy's gonna have some funny sleep. Say out his mouth. If, you gotta say something you may not agree with. Doesn't mean, I'm mean who's getting that donkey? That donkey that Don Don Don Don Donkey Donkey of the day right there at The. Breakfast Club. Bitches. You Can call me the donkey of the day, but like I mean no harm. Yes. Donkey of the day for Wednesday, August 7th goes to American Olympic gymnast Mikayla Skinner. Mikayla is a former teammate of Simone Biles.


And back in June, McKayla said, besides Simone, I feel like the talent and the deaf just isn't what it used to be. In reference to the women's gymnastics team. You know, just notice like, I mean obviously a lot of girls don't work as hard. The girls just don't have the work ethic. Can we hear that clip please? But besides Simone, I feel like the talent and the depth just isn't like what it used to be. I just noticed like, I mean obviously a lot of girls don't work as hard. The girls just don't have the work ethic. Like, and it's hard to, because a SafeSport like coaches can't get on athletes and they have to be really careful what they say, which in some ways is really good. But at the same time, to get to where you need to be in gymnastics, you do have to be, I feel like a little aggressive and a little intense.


Mm. Now she has since deleted that video. But I'm sure the young ladies on that team, including Simone, didn't like that. Hell, the coaches probably didn't like it either. Okay, I understand. She said besides Simone, but Simone is like, these still my teammates. I'm still gonna ride for them. So Simone Biles on IG posted a series of photos of the 2024 US Women's Gymnastics team after they won gold. And her caption was lack of talent. Lazy Olympic champions drop on a cruise bombs. For Simone Biles success is always the best. Clap back. Okay, success is always the best revenge. Oh, we don't have work ethic. The talent isn't what it used to be.


Watch this now If. you ask me. I don't even think Simone Bobs is talking directly to McKayla. I'm sure that you


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Walbrook. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Mo go us. Visit MO d.us for the best free place Social Casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and Casino Holden. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins, and exciting promotions. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, where prohibited play responsibly conditions apply to website details.


Hello Joe, us Tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcasts. Good news ad-free listening is available on Amazon Music. For all the music plus top podcasts included with your prime membership, stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon music app for free. Or go to amazon.com/news ad free. That's amazon.com/news ad free to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Hey, This is Jody Sweeten from the podcast, how Rude Ritos as a nostalgic voice from your past. I'm here to remind you that amongst the stressful and chaotic existence we live in 2024, you deserve to get away. It's time for a vacation no matter when you're hearing this. And lemme tell you how you'll get there. The 2024 Hyundai Santa Fe. Wanna bring the family to the mountains with the Santa Fe's available. H track, all wheel drive. Well it's got standard third row seating and available dual wireless charging pads for the kids who just wanna stare at their phone and not talk to you You. know what I mean? Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it like the doctor's office that mixed up your files? They have your social security number, the power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back With plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% terms apply


As women's gymnastics team had a lot of critics. And if Simone was really being petty, she could have quoted Mikayla directly. Okay. But a hit dog will holler and social media is gonna make sure that dog gets hit because after Simone put that post up, I guess social media did what it does. And that start to tag Mikayla to remind her of what she said and let her know Simone finally responded by bringing home the gold. Okay, well Mickayla turned into my Karen, okay? And McCarran became the victim and she asked Simone to put a stop to the cyber bullying she's experiencing after Simone's post. Can we hear what she had to say? Unfortunately, things have really gotten outta hand lately. And it's one thing to disagree with me regarding something I have said, but it's something else entirely when that turns into cyber bullying.


Or even worse, watching people cheer on the bullying, which has led to threats of physical harm to me, my husband and our daughter is disgusting. Please, at this point I am just asking for it to just stop for the sake of my family because enough is enough. If Simone truly believes that I called our team lazy and lacking talent. And if that's really how she feels, I am really heartbroken over it. But that's what she said. Like see, here's the thing. Like I get like why do people do that If Simone feels like I said that you said that.


See, here's the thing. McKayla or McCarran, mc, And I, you are, you are an athlete, all right? Former athlete, you competed at the highest levels. You understand how criticism works. Let's just say the US women's gymnastics team didn't do well at this year's Olympics. Everyone would've went to your original comments and they would've said, see, Mikayla is correct. They don't have work ethic. They don't have the talent and depth they used to. They would've been repeating your comments over and over to the team on social media, Mikayla, what you've called that cyber bullying. See, that's the problem with rhetoric and words If. you going dish it, you have to be able to take it. Okay? When you offer opinions about others, one or two things are gonna happen.


Either you're gonna be right or you gonna be wrong. Either people are going to agree or disagree. In the case of something like this, Mikayla gave an opinion that at the time some people could either agree or disagree with. But it was up to the US women's gymnastics team to prove Mikayla wrong. And they did okay. And now that she's been proven wrong, she gotta deal with that simple. Now she's asking for Simone's help. Can we listen to that one? I am asking you directly and publicly to please put a stop to this. Please ask your followers to stop. You have been an incredible champion for mental health awareness and a lot of people need your help.


Now, Don't make this about Simone Biles and what she needs to make. Stop. First of all, it's never gonna stop. Now social media is cutthroat business. A bunch of sharks in the water, when they smell blood, they coming. You got online pleading with these heathens. You think that they're gonna listen to you? No. You think they're gonna stop If Simone Biles tells them to, no, they gonna go harder. But the moral of the story is you bought this on yourself. The best way to not have your peace disturbed is to not disturb the piece of others. So don't put this on Simone. Don't make it seem like Simone is bothering you or causing people to bully you. No, okay, technically you bothered them first and you were wrong.


It proves you wrong. So you have to deal with everything that comes with that. Please give Michaela Skinner the Sweet Salad and the Hamiltons. Oh, now you the of the day of the day. He All right. Why do people do That? I don't know. I don't know. All right, well thank you for that donkey of the today. Now when we come back, we got the co-hosts of the Five on Fox News. Jessica Tarlo joining us and we're gonna kick it with her when we come back.


We got a lot to discuss. More political things. All right, so don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. And Charlemagne Dega. We have a special guest with us this morning. We have Jessica Tarlov. Welcome. Thank you for having me. How You feeling this morning? I'm good. Well, we gotta talk about some, some breaking news. Well, I, I wanna stay, I wanna stay with Jessica You. know we worked together once when we both did Pi Morgan show. Yeah, And I. I've told you this off air, but I really appreciate you. 'cause I watch all the news networks. I watch CNN, M-S-N-B-C, Fox and If. you don't watch these networks. You don't realize there's people actually on Fox News who push back on a lot of the misinformation and false narratives that exist on that network.


And you're one of them. Oh, Well thank you. And it was great to be on Pierce's show with you. And it's great to be at Fox. I I think liberals should show up at Fox more often. A lot of persuadable voters out there, and you have better conversations. It never appealed to me to kind of sit around a table with four or five people who are all kind of parroting the same thing, or you're looking for that one little piece that could differentiate you. So I've had a great time at Fox. I'm, I'm glad you said that because that, that's something that I've, I've, I've, I've suggested to a lot of liberals, You know, especially the VP now running for president. Yeah, come go on Fox. President Obama used to do it. Gavin Newsom did it when he started doing it. They started talking about him being running for president.


Secretary Buttigieg does it all the time. Go on there. Well, Tim Walls was on two weeks ago. He did America's Newsroom, which is You know, a hard news program from nine to 11 in the morning. And he was great. You know, he's super affable no matter what environment he's in. But I love it when I see elected officials showing up. Brett Bear, who hosts special report, he has a segment called Common Ground where he brings on a Democrat and a Republican. And Democrats, even as left as Elizabeth Warren are clamoring to get on there. It, it's a great venue for people to show up on. And it just If, you wanna talk to the most people possible. You're gonna go to Fox. You've been getting, yeah, you've been going viral a lot. But I mean, like I said, it's because people aren't used to seeing somebody push back.


Well, they always say, oh, I bet she's gonna, this is her last time appearing on Fox or she's gonna be fired. And I'm like, well, no. I've been there You know eight years. And I. I assume I'm not getting fired. I was gonna say, so what do you think about You know yesterday it was broken that Kamala Harris is picking Tim Wa Yeah. What's your thoughts on that? So I actually thought it was going to be him. Really? Why? Just based on the last couple of days. So I, Josh Shapiro definitely seemed like the smart, He's the guy. He was the guy. I mean the Baruch Obama of it all You know I loved it. Bar Obama. That's What we Baruch Obama. And you could tell that the Republicans, they've not only been floundering with, what do they do about Kamala?


They did not know what to do about Josh Shapiro scared to death. I mean, he is the absolute opposite of JD Vance, right? Like the genuine article, when you hear either of them speak one sounds like he's still in law school and the other sounds like he could be president of the United States. And so I had thought it was gonna be Josh Shapiro and we need Pennsylvania's electoral votes. So all of that was pretty aligned. And then stories started to leak out about how much Kamala's team was enjoying Tim Waltz's team and Tim Waltz personally. And I don't wanna make it into like, this has become a vibes election. But I think the fact that Tim Waltz was the guy to first say, these Republicans are just weird, right?


Because everyone has been searching for a way to describe Donald Trump. You know we've gone through all the usual stuff talking about the race baiting how bad his policies are, et cetera. But when he's up there talking about Electrocuting sharks or the late great Hannibal Lector, you're like, how do I actually put into words how weird this is? And Tim Walls was the first guy to do that. He was on I But that don't have no legs. And I feel like, and weird is an understatement. Weird. Weird. Almost sounds cute. Well, I think what's going on, and again, I started with if Josh Shapiro makes the most sense on paper and all of this is that everyone has gone back to their corners. So Republicans and Democrats are where they're gonna go. And you're just focused on like a hundred thousand moderates that are in these four or five key swing states.


And they have been saying in survey after survey, I don't wanna hear about January 6th anymore. I don't wanna hear about Tourette to Democracy. I wanna hear about your policies. I want the rhetoric. Tone down You know people are sick of it. They don't wanna hear that. It's the end of The World tomorrow. Whether you're saying it's because Donald Trump's gonna become president, or like when a OC said climate change is gonna wipe out the planet by 2028 or whatever it is. And I think that Tim Walls has a vibe that not only made her feel comfortable, but that people who are looking for the toning down of the rhetoric are going to. I Don't think you should tone down the rhetoric though. I think that I know I, you're very, I, I appreciated when we were on PI's show together, You know we were You know.


I felt bad for Dave Rubin who was sitting between us because it was like a threat to democracy. You know Cookie there he was just sitting in the middle and we were going at it. But I agree with you. I think you should, we should never stop talking about that. But unfortunately the way it works is the people that we need to win over don't wanna hear it of any anymore. It's baked in. But You know the country says that they're tired of two white old men running for President And. I think that just adds to it. You know. They didn't wanna see Trump abide. They people weren't excited about it. And it seems like it brings that energy right back into it. Well, He's only six months older than, Yeah, he looks older. He just, he looks like he's 75 80. Well He does. He did have a great line that If, you were a teacher for 20 years.


You would look like that too. I'm Mean Kamala looks great And he looks particularly bad for a 60-year-old. Yeah. But yes, he was also the football coach, I think it was. But he is bringing that boomer dad energy to it. And I think that she ended up going with someone that she felt more comfortable with. And You know people will pick this apart, they'll say, which I think has a lot of merit. You know Josh Shapiro was supportive of school vouchers and the teacher unions were not particularly thrilled with that. Labor leaders who have been giving interviews have put walls and beshear at the top of their list. And we know that Democrats don't win without labor unions. I don't think so. Not enough? Not not enough. Not enough.


In regards to the crime bills. I think he has made an effort. Does it? And it never goes far enough for anyone. And part of that is the structure of like, you often need bipartisan support for something. And what are you gonna get? I mean, the crime bill that was bipartisan under the Trump administration that Tim Scott did, it doesn't move the needle really. No, I don't think that much. No. And it's difficult to really have kind of soaring legislation that is gonna make a massive difference, at least from how he's spoken about it. I, I feel like Joe Biden has a lot of regret about things that he signed onto. The Clintons have obviously spoken about that as well. But you can't undo damage that you've done to people's lives like that. So that's something that will hang over them.


Do you think that they will debate or do you think it's not gonna happen? Kamala has. Oh, I think they counter, I mean I certainly think they should. I think that she should say three debates, And I think it's fair to start with September 10th on a B, C, because that was an agreed upon one. And then do a Fox debate and then do a something else state. Maybe a Univision debate, something. I think they absolutely should. And the contrast will be really stark. It's been interesting to see like all of the negatives about Biden's age and his competency have now moved over to Trump. Now that there's only one really old guy in the race. And I think that even if she has some moments where she stumbles, she's still going to look like the vibrant, fresh alternative in all of this.


And he's going to seem like an old sexist guy that's yelling at a woman. All right, we got more with Jessica Tara, love when we come back. Of course, she's the co-host of the Five on Fox News. So don't move us. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Jessica Tara Love. She's the co-host of the Five on Fox News. Now what did you think about Donald Trump doing Aiden Ross? It was probably a smart electoral move for him, but I found it repulsive. I thought it was great. Only, only because I feel, I feel like you have to meet people where they are. I Agree. But Aiden Ross has kind of played around in, certainly in the antisemitic with like a Nick Fuentes type of character.


Someone who has eaten at Mar-a-Lago as well. I, I You know, I tend to be, I guess a bit of a Pollyanna about that. Where I think certain people, I'm not talking about de platforming. And I. Understand they have a base. But if I was running for president, I wouldn't wanna sit down with someone who has had given safe harbor to someone who You know thinks the call Holocaust was a hoax. Oh, I'm with you. But You know there's a new voter turning 18 every day and that dude's demo is like age 13. Yeah. To 24. And it's just like, yo, you sometimes you have to really meet people where they are. Like Trump just did, when he went to the National Association for Broadcast Journalists, that was different for him. He went and sat down with AAN Ross. That's very generous to say that was different for him. That was different. It was different for all of us.


All of us. He went and sat down with AAN Ross, that's a non-traditional outlet to have a big audience. I think she needed to do a little bit of both. Well she's done little things like she was You know. She did RuPaul's Drag Race. She should definitely do Sit Downs. And I. Think the fact that they are running this very Gen Z focused campaign. I mean If, you go on TikTok. TikTok Rat Summer You know All Over the Place. You know she will be doing things like that. And I know that her team is working to harness all of these big voices. I think Beyonce gave like $4 million. Oh she did? I thought so. But she's definitely gonna do an event. You Said she's doing fundraising event. Yeah. And she let her use Freedom obviously as her song.


So I'm sure you're gonna be seeing a lot of the big players. Taylor Swift changed her bio on Instagram to something like just a cat lady after JD Vance went after Childless Cat. Ladies You know there will be, it's interesting to see because this is kind of surpassing the usual democratic mojo. Like we know people in Hollywood and entertainers tend to lean left, but there seems to be a genuine enthusiasm for Kamala that's different than just this is the ticket as if it were Obama again. And What's your thoughts on JD Vance? I know you mentioned him a little earlier. What's your thoughts on him? Totally Switch sides. Like not a Trump supporter. Disliking Trump. Hating Trump, and then all of a sudden Trump's his best friend.


What's your thoughts on that? And the fact that I, I don't feel like we dive into that enough. Listen, I think JD Vance was the absolute worst pick for VP for Trump. And that doesn't mean that I think that Trump is going to lose, I think probably even though the forecasts are shifting, that he still has a structural advantage. So I'm putting that out there. But JD Vance was the only choice that he had that doesn't really move the needle. He doesn't have a different base than Trump. You know Trump was winning Ohio. JD Vance underperformed Governor DeWine, the Republican governor there I think by double digits. I think that Trump, if he hadn't been shot, would not have picked JD Vance. I think that the fact that JD Vance came out there and was the first person to tweet that this was Joe Biden and the Democrat's fault that he went with JD Vance because he's like a security blanket and he felt good to him and he's not a threat at all.


Donald Trump just can't stand anyone that feels threatening. And JD Vance, no one looks at him and thinks he's presidential You know And I. I think that that was also a miscalculation because now that people do see Trump as the old guy, you are looking to the vice president more than you would be you. You said something, you said you think Trump is gonna win. 'cause he's more a structured, He has a structural advantage. When you say Structural advantage, what do you mean? That he has a bunch of Republicans across the country who will probably won't, who refuse to certify the results of the election. And he is got, well, that'll help. And he is got the Supreme Court if he challenges it You know All of those things. But I just mean the way the electoral college is. Okay, You know Kamala's favored to win the popular vote. The Democrat basically always wins the popular vote and then we lose the electoral college.


I mean, it's crazy how how far you have to outperform the Republican. If you're the Democrat in the You know one person, one vote standard to be able to win. And so that's why I still think that he has an advantage. And You know we're getting there in the enthusiasm gap, but Donald Trump's supporters are diehards in a way that she has yet to build that kind of fervor. You know that Obama 2012 fervor that That's why I don't wanna get Tim Walls picked. That's why I feel like you can put another star on the ticket. The same way you said somebody like Trump is You know, scared to have somebody that can outshine him. You gotta, what'd you call him? Barista Obama. What'd you call it? Baruch Obama Bar Obama. Obama Barista Obama.


You gotta put Baruch Obama. You gotta put Governor Josh Shapiro that he's another star. I feel like that to me that that, I'm not gonna say it so it locks things up, but I think that's a better, better Ticket. Well, there's no doubt that the Trump team is happy about this. You know and any day that Republicans are happy is a bad day for me. But I do think that Tim Waltz will surprise and delight people in a way that they're not expecting. You know. He has this America's dad background being a teacher and a football coach. He flipped a conservative seat in Minnesota in 2006 when he entered Congress. One of the stories that I, I found the most engaging and just very sweet, his daughter came to him, I think it was after the Parkland shooting, and he had an A rating from the NRA and she said, dad, we guns are the problem here.


You know it's always the guns. Now he has an F rating from the NRA. He is someone who's willing to listen to people to change his mind. He has apologized. Going back to the point that you made about how many apples was handled in the wake of George Floyd's murder. He said it was an abject failure. And this election with both Kamala and Tim Waltz, I think will be a lot about whether people are willing to accept apologies for things and to accept that folks have evolved. Going back to your point that we have to keep talking about the threat to democracy and all of it, those two people are the ones standing in the way of Donald Trump. And that's what it comes down to. Yeah. And that's You know gotta be the chorus in all of this until November 5th.


That's gonna be interesting. You just made me think about something. 'cause I mean, I said, I said that they were gonna start pointing the finger at him in regards to the aftermath of George Floyd, but if they start saying he was a guy that let let cops do whatever on top of already You know painting Kamala at the top cop, that's not gonna play well on social media. No, it's weird because it matters so much. And I feel like it has, especially for Kamala, changed the course of the last two weeks and if the love that she is been getting, but at the end of the day, those aren't the tried and true voters. You know, we didn't have Joe Biden as president because of social media. We had Joe Biden as president because Gen X and Boomer black people showed up at the polls. That Is true.


So it's not You know. The vibes aren't real life. We'll have to see how that plays out. But a lot of these kids that are posting about Gaza or You know are into Brat Summer right now. And then You know will fall out of love with her over whatever stance she's taking. Or they just find out that she's actually a prosecutor that put, put a lot of people behind bars. Were they gonna vote anyway? I'm not completely sure. Yeah, I agree. All right. Well, we appreciate you for joining us. How can they find you? Because like you said, you're not on social like that On Twitter, which I know no one wants to be around. But you could watch the five, which is five o'clock on Fox News Channel. And thank you guys so much for having Me.


Oh, thank you for coming. All right. You could catch you on the five, like she said, Jessica Tarlo and we app Tarlo Tarlo. Tarlo Tarlo. Oh, Tarlo. All of it is good. Okay. Yeah, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like The Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Mo do us


Visit Modo us for the best free play social casino experience Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others, or you can win at Modo. Register today at m modo us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, where prohibited play responsibly conditions apply to website details.


Hello, Joe, us


Tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcasts. Good news ad free listening is available on Amazon Music For all the music plus top podcasts included with your prime membership, stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon music app for free. Or go to amazon.com/news ad free. That's amazon.com/news ad free to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Hey, This is Jody Sweeten from the podcast. How Rude t Doritos As a nostalgic voice from your past. I'm here to remind you that amongst the stressful and chaotic existence we live in 2024, you deserve to get away. It's time for a vacation no matter when you're hearing this. And lemme tell you how you'll get there. The 2024 Hyundai Santa Fe. Wanna bring the family to the mountains with the Santa Fe's available. H Track, all wheel drive. Well, it's got standard third row seating and available dual wireless charging pads for the kids who just wanna stare at their phone and not talk to you You. know what I mean? Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me, but after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away, If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Morning, everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club Jess. Hilarious is out. And let's say get Oh, She's on maternity leave. Oh, she's on maternity leave. Yes. Let's get to Jess. She hasn't had the baby yet, but not yet. Yes, she, she, she. Any day. All right, well let's get to Jess with the mess. You News Is real Is hilarious. Jess, Robin Moore. Jess, don't do no lying. Don't do. No, She don't. Nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide message on The, Breakfast, Club. She's a ship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. Now, a couple of weeks ago, we just reported that, of course, Julio, Julio, Julio was killed out in Orlando.


It was it Orlando or Tampa? Florida. Tampa, Florida. But now they, I think what last week we reported that they arrested four individuals for that murder. And one of the individuals, when they searched his car. They actually found rounds of ammunition that matched when Julio Julio got shot two years prior. You Didn't mean to tell me that he couldn't even go clean his car. So the rounds that he allegedly used to shoot Julio Julio two years before was still in his car. They cut it out. So in two years I guess he's never cleaned out the car. 'cause the rounds was still in the car. Cut it out man. Yes. So you ain't never went to go get your car vacuumed to nothing young man. Nothing at all. What kind of car was it? It didn't say what type of car it was.


Must have been some trash ass vehicle that he used just for murders. Just for murder. But not, but not cleaning off the car. Clearly not, not wipe off the print. Not say just in case. 'cause this car's probably gonna be seen. Let me not the same rounds from two years Prior. Man. They shot Julio, Julio I guess in the leg and foot is the same rounds they found. Oh. So They've been trying to, trying to take that young man up, Obviously. Yeah. Jesus Christ. He said they found two nine millimeter bullet shell casings that police matched to the Tampa shooting that killed Julio. Julio. And then from two years ago when he was hit as well, they believe that this war has been going on for the last 10 years. I guess the beef has been going on for 10 years. However, He he about to get a hundred years, they about to bury him under the jail.


Now Edgar Balanga and Canelo had a, a press conference yesterday and it got kind of chippy. This is what happened At this level is intelligence and IQ and we not gonna end up like that with it. I got knocked out. Caleb, Caleb Cat. Caleb, take it easy. I'm gonna, I'm gonna take care of him for you. I promise you. I promise you. That's for you buddy. Buddy you love. That's for you. Smack go check. You think he have more IQ than you Lisa? We'll have a iq. Better IQ than me. Okay? You're gonna see, you're gonna see, see 14. You Gonna, you think have more IQ than Floyd may than Miguel Koto. See than LA You gonna, come on. You gonna See. You're gonna See.


Take it easy, come it easy. Take it easy and wave because you, your turn is coming. Imagine not knowing who Canelo Alvarez is and hearing him talking, thinking stuff. Sweet You know His voice is man. Like You're Gonna see, you're gonna see you, you, you my friend gonna see. But he, Edgar Balanga was saying that his IQ was way better than all those boxes. And Canelo Alvarez was pretty much like I've been boxing all my life and you think your IQ is better than me. We gonna see all right now Drake, can we bring OVO back? Ovi O Eli, can we come back in? Can you call OVO Eli Now If, you haven't heard, we reported this yesterday and Oyo Eli is so excited, right? It is amazing to watch the beige among us fight for their life. Now Drake fans are out here fighting for their life Now.


Drake released new music yesterday. He created a fence to page and called Lot Twins. It was called a hundred Gigs. Now he also posted a bunch of different things online. He has a bunch of new songs, three new songs. One is featuring Young Thug in 21 Savage. The other one is Housekeeping featuring Lotto. He's still running in Atlanta to get a freaking check balance. Yes, read The Room. Like first of all, if, if, if the song not like Us is still playing a hundred miles per hour, which it is still a top three song in the country. Crazy. He says that you run to Atlanta to get a check balance. Why would you unle unreleased records with nothing but Atlanta artists. Now he also wrote on this tweet, on his tweet yesterday, he said, remember when j Cole got his phone stolen out his pocket by a fan? And they called Jay-Z from it.


But Jay-Z didn't answer. So then the same fan called Jay-Z from his own phone. And then he picked up, I don't know what that means, but he, he posted that yesterday. But we have Oyo Eli, which is probably one of Drake's biggest cheerleaders and fans Here, You gonna let that man call you a cheerleader? Cheerleader Doesn't have to be women. What do you mean? That's still disrespectful. Why He's that be no cheerleader for no man. He's a, he's cheering for Drake cheerleader. He has Drake's whole outfit, Lord. He has balls for pompoms. Jesus Christ. Oh Lord. So what do you feel about Drake's new project? We're gonna ask you because you, we know you A OVO fan. What the three songs or the J Copost No, the three songs. Three songs are great. We got the one with lotto, like I had said before. And then the green blue red is red, green, blue backwards, which is RGB.


So there might be like a little Easter egg in that one. Well, If you don't shut up. And, and then the one with Young Dog and 21 Savage. And people were speculating whether or not 21 Savage was taking shots. 'cause he had like a, he had a bar there where he said something about like, you think you, you done knew Tupac? Something like that. But I I didn't really read too much in, in between the lines. But aside from that, like the content that's in those folders, like ain't none of this that are archived or like, it's like momentous moments that you just, you gotta look into because they're, they're like, they're gonna live on forever. It's kind of like, it's kind of like a documentary. Before the documentary, the modern like skinned people fight life in this moment is hilarious.


You know Show Showing the love, sharing the love, And I think it's a great, great moment that we had You hold finished ss that that song that you, you said y'all finished scissoring already. The song that you said that you thought was cool, it's up dropped on a Tuesday. No pun intended once again. But I'm just saying listen, Drake's the Goat, I think Drake's the Goat, right? Okay, So let let me ask you one more question. We talking to Ovi Eli, one of our producers, one of the biggest, one of Drake's biggest fans. I won't be Surprised this man would put a saddle on Drake's penis and ride it wherever it goes. Jesus Christ. The man wouldn't even give, wouldn't even give Drake's penis no direction. Just say go. It's not the man, it's the music. It's not the man, it's the music. There you go. Go. Let me ask you a question. I heard you say under your breath that you felt like not like us is overplayed.


Yes, it's a overplayed. I would feel that way. My man getting beat up every listen, every hour on that Drake Overdelivered as a Drake fan, I would say Drake Overdelivered from, and what are we talking about? And the and the rap battle beef. It's great that Kendrick Lamar You know had a cultural impact with who won? No comment. Who won in my, in my your opinion. In my world, in my opinion, Drake. Drake took the w Drake did a miss. I did You know. Thank you Ovi. Listen not like us'. Overplayed parody bop. Did you ever feel, did ever feel any of Drake's hit? Records were overplayed. Well, o best I ever had. Still playing. And it's been over a decade. Thank You OVO Eli, we appreciate you.


We appreciate you one love. You got a metro card for that penis man. Jesus Christ. Right? It is unlimited, aint it? Huh? All right. Jesus Christ. Do ride penis like the motor bus. What the hell's wrong with you? Thank You Obi Eli. My pleasure. And that is just with the mess. My God. Do you even, do you hold it when he pees too? All right. God damn. You need to tuck your penis in Jesus Christ. My God. All right. This that was disgusting. I mean he likes Drake and he, he's the best person to Drake to break these projects down because he's really gonna dive into it. I'm sure as soon as it was released, he put in a group chat. He knew exactly where his songs came from. He sent us the everything. The documentary. Hey Yo. They said shut up. Shut up. No, he said they said the, they said that.


What's the guy's name that you just reported on? I Don't know what you're talking about. Fully the young brother. Yes. They said it was the, it was the, his mother's car. Not even his Car. The, the Rounds was in his mother's car. That's, That's my man. Just, I don't wanna say my man name 'cause I don't know if he wanted me to say that, but Yeah, he said it was the kid's mother car. Not even his car. So he used his mother's car to shoot somebody up. That's crazy. And didn't clean up the car. That that makes more sense though. You Grounded after that while he No, that makes more sense though. That makes more sense. 'cause it's his mom's car. So you go do the drive by and bring the car back home. Your mom like why it smell like gun smoking here. You been smoking in my car again? You. know what I mean? So that it makes more sense. No, it doesn't like Clean the car. Yes, it you use a yes. He should've cleaned the car. The concrete. I agree. But it makes more sense as to why You know the rounds were still in there.


Well, f cleaning the car Shouldn't did it anyway. You talking about we should've did it Anyway because I'm sitting there thinking like, dang, two years you ain't cleaned the car. Yes, he shouldn't have did it in the first place, but now it makes more sense. It wasn't his car. Jesus. All right, well that's just with the mess. The People's Choice mixes up next. Get your request in. It's the Breakfast Local. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. I just wanna sl again to everybody that's heading out to Shreveport, Louisiana. I know fifties doing this huge weekend. They're expecting thousands and thousands and thousands of people. So just be safe out there. And You know we're doing the car show there, so I can't wait to see all you guys out there. It's the first installment of my car shows this year.


You know we do New York, Shreveport and we're doing Memphis with Ke Glock and the PRE family. So I can't wait to see you guys and be safe. We're gonna have a great weekend and I'm gonna bring my recorder out there so hopefully I get to chop it up with a bunch of celebrities while they're out there. All right. Oh, we a positive note right now. Shamon? Yes. And I. Just wanna tell people, man, You know SLU to my folks in South Carolina. Hold your head. I know Tropical Storm. Debbie is down there wrecking havoc right now. I was supposed to have my back to school drive this Saturday. You know we give away the free backpacks and the free haircuts and the school supplies and it's also a fish fry, but we had to move it back a week because of the TRO tropical storm. So instead of this Saturday the 10th, it will be on the 17th.


Same location. Berkeley High School Student parking lot, my annual, my ninth annual back to school drive in Fish fry. So instead of this Saturday, we'll see you next Saturday, August 17th at the Berkeley High School Student parking lot in Mos Corner, South Carolina. Okay. Okay. Now the positive note is simply this. Always remember the right doors won't open for you until you are the version of yourself that's supposed to walk through them. Have a blessed day, breakfast Club, bitches, you'all, finish. Or y'all done


Slow? Go us Visit Mo Do Do Us for the best free place Social Casino Experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing Live blackjack, roulette and Casino Holden. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins, and exciting promotions. Register today at Modo us for your free welcome Bonus. Moto is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello go us. Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting changes everything requires trade in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply z att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff You Missed in History class. The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all-wheel Drive. You can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's mitre.org/careers.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, say yes to brunch with the girls. Say yes to new dog poop bags that are kind of the cute ones. You can also send money to friends with PayPal, which means going haves these. When your best friend visits this summer. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app and account with PayPal is required to send and receive money, redeem points for cash and other options terms apply.