
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door. With Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions


Here at Life Kit N PR Self-Help podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlamagne the guy. Peace To the planet. It is Monday. Good morning to you. How y'all feel out there? Feel great. How you feeling? Jess? Welcome back. Yo. Thank you. Yo. Life will come at you fast. I swear. Yo, I was at a restaurant, I was chilling, I was eating and then an hour later I felt like I had like food poisoning, right? So I go to the hospital for one thing and it's a whole nother thing. And then it's an emergency surgery. Jesus. And then it's like emergency surgery. Yeah. I am like, yo, come on. And I went online, you know? 'cause I had to miss like Arlington.


I had shows that were sold out me up. I, I missed Barclays with Martin. And I had to understand, right? So I go in there and I'm telling people, I'm like, yo, yo, I had to have surgery. I'm sorry. They like, you missed a show. 'cause you wanna get a BBL address. I'm like, yo, that is not the only, that's that's what you surgery? No. Oh. Oh, that's not an emergency surgery. Oh, okay. Like that is not, why is that the first thing people might go to? But no Life come at you fast. But I was So What was the surgery? Do you wanna Say? No, I do not. Oh, okay. But yeah, it's a very common surgery, obviously. Got you. And they'll tell you that it's, or that it's outpatient, but it's not. Yo, the, the recovery time is way longer than what they tell you. It's crazy. It's trash. It's it's, but You're doing better now.


I am doing better now. Okay. Because I wanted to go see you Saturday. I thought you was gonna be in Atlantic City. First of all, You even went to the wrong show. I was not. Next Saturday Was on a Friday show, Friday at Barclays Clown. So stop playing With me. I was in Atlantic City Saturday. I know you was, but you wasn never going Like, I'm waiting to see you. Come on stage. This Guy. And I texted you back and was like, why? Why Like a clown, yo. Nah, I went to go see Martin in Atlantic City on Saturday. I swear. I thought Jess was on that show though. No, I don know why I thought on Show. No, she was on a Friday show. I was, I was supposed to go Friday. I had date night to go Friday, but Jess wasn't there. I was like, Nah, Nah, I did not expect Martin to be on that damn stage for an hour and some change. I'll tell you. He Was up there for hours. Some Change. I got tired. I was like, damn, Martin supposed to get tired before me.


Yo, but look, look, look yo, they was on there. You know, I, I couldn't do the show Friday. So I went on live like to let people know 'cause New York was mad. They was in my comments like I posted about something else. They was on there like, no, why you wasn't there. And we had to see ll And I was like, LL cool J is a good feeling for me. They was like, no, Lonnie Love. And I was like, oh, oh that's what's up. But shout out to Lonnie Love. She did great in, in at the Barclays. I heard. So, Yeah. Lemme tell you about your, your old uncle over here right? Happened. This guy gonna hit in the group chat. What time did Martin get on on Friday? So I know what time he getting on? Saturday. Saturday. Wow. You damn Right. That's not how, that's not how that go. I thought it was, they told me the show was over promptly at 10. Yeah. He Was like, it's over at 10. I'll be back in the bed. That's how you gotta plan things when you get to a certain What time was it over?


Martin got off, stayed about 10 28. He went on about nine 20 was a little upset. 20, 20 Step 20 minutes. Man. I wasn't Upset. I just was like, damn, y'all told me 10. I right. Yeah, you hold 10 stage. Because I was just shocked. I didn't expect Martin to be out there. 'cause I've heard so many different things about the show. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah. They told me that Martin comes out between college and stuff. One, one Martin did a whole set that's dope for an hour and some change. I was like, damn, that's what's up. That's who opened up for him. Daphne. Daphne Springs. Daphnes Springs Springs. She was funny. I didn't know her at Benji Brown. Benji Brown. Ooh, Benji is funny. Benji was Funny as her. Shout out to that man. Yes. Alright, well today on the show, Teddy swims will be joining us. Oh my God. Yes. Yes. You Miss Teddy swims His new album. I've tried everything but Therapy part two is out right now.


Oh my God. You miss Teddy Swims on Friday. I love him. Good dude. Good dude. All right, well let's get the show cracking Emini here. It's only right Philly. Good morning. You don't have To do this. I know, right? Philly, good morning. It's only right. We Know it's not have do this y'all Philly is going to the Super Bowl. I'm a Giants fan. A cowboy fan. It's only right man. Okay. I'm happy. Yeah, it's only right. I love Philly. I can't say I love the Eagles. That's the Cousin state Emini here. It's the Cousin city. I am rooting for them to beat Kansas City, which means Kansas City will win. Okay. All right. Front praise dudes. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, congrats Philly. Good morning, everybody from Philly, The Breakfast Club. DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. Let's get some upper, Upper Marion Ain't Philly Shit.


Philly fan though. Upper Marion. What is it? Shut up. I Don't know. Lord Darby and Upper Marion. Something like that. All right, well let's start off with sports. The Eagles beat the Commanders 55 23 and the Chiefs beat the bills 32 to 29. So the Chiefs will be taking on the Philadelphia Eagles in the 2025 Super Bowl Sunday, February 29th at 6:30 PM I'm rooting for the Philadelphia Eagles simply because I, tonight during the game after the game, while Travis Kelsey was giving his speech, they Showed her a Lot. I want the Eagles to win man. But you know what? I want the Chiefs to win a three P. But I want, I want Sequan Barkley to win one. Now, don't get me wrong, a threepeat in football is incredible.


You know what, Emini here, I've never, that's something we would never have seen before. And I like seeing history, but I'm going with the, I wanna see Shaquan want, I love Want see If you going with the Eagles. And I love the city of Phillys. I know That. The same Let her Be about that. Yeah. I love the city of Philly. And speaking of Morgan, I know you mad. I am So quiet. I didn't even know she was on there. She's so quiet. She, she like, I, she never this quiet like, whoa. She like, what did the ravens, whoa, whoa, Whoa. And my home team and my other home team, yeah, they, yeah, we outta here. We on the couch with it, but you know what I'm saying? We'll enjoy the cheese steaks, the pizza and the wings, you know, there go and Kendrick and all of that. But let's get to this front page news guys.


So Trump was in California last week over the weekend to survey damage caused by recent wildfires. He was met on the tarmac by California Governor Gavin Newsom on Friday afternoon. And the two shook hands and exchanged some words before speaking to the press. Let's hear from Trump. Now we're gonna be taking a little tour with some of the people from the area. I appreciate the governor coming out and meeting me. Tremendous numbers of lives have been affected. A lot of real estate's been affected. Nobody's ever probably seen anything like this. No. You can almost say since the second World War, when you think of it, Emini here. No, nothing like this has happened and we're gonna get it fixed.


So we'll get it permanently fixed so it can't happen again and again, we'll be talking a little bit later and we'll get it worked out. Okay. So Newsom also spoke with Trump during that exchange. He says he hasn't forgotten Trump during the COVID-19 pandemic. And he looks forward to working together to help recovery efforts. Let's hear from California Governor Gavin Newsom. Most importantly, thank you for being here. It means a great deal to all of us, not just the folks in Palisades, but folks in Altadena that were devastated. We're gonna need your support, we're gonna need your help. You were there for us during Covid. I don't forget that. And I have all the expectations that we'll be able to work together to get the speedy recovered.


And this is exactly why people like Gavin Newsom shouldn't say things like, I'm gonna trump proof my state. Yep. I said this back in December because it'll make you look like a hypocrite when you need the president. You are a governor, you have to work with the president. And when things like this happen, you're going to need a federal aid. So you're gonna need the president Facts. Does it not both work both ways though, being that Trump vow to sign an executive order, dismantling fema and he also threatened to halt wildfire relief from California unless his demands about voter ID laws and fraud are met. Of Course. Absolutely. That's what I'm saying. It all looks hypocritical on on both, both sides. But you know, when you hear, when you hear a governor say, you know I'm going, I'm gonna trump proof my state. How, how you gonna trump, how you gonna president prove your state?


You can't. Nah. Not, not at all. Absolutely. So later that day, Trump spoke with, during a briefing with LA Mayor Karen Bass and the two had a rather interesting exchange. He said that there will be no delays when it comes to granting permits to rebuild from wildfires. Let's hear from Trump's ex. Let's hear from Trump and La Mayor Karen Bass in that exchange. We absolutely need your help. We need the federal help. You, you got it. I told you, we you will have no permit problem. There will be zero delay. The one thing is they are saying they will not be allowed to start for 18 months. No, that will not be the case. Okay. I just hope you, you can hold me to it. There's four groups said that. No, that would be, they should be able to do it. They should be able to start tonight.


The people are willing to clean out their own debris. It doesn't cost a lot. Yes. And they can, you should let them do it because by the time you hire contractors, it's gonna be two years. He's talking about the people that wanna clean up their own properties and rebuild. Wanna Start immediately. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. They wanna get, they wanna pretty much not wait on, you know, federal assistance or aid or they just wanna pretty much, you know, get started and do things. Start down right. Yeah, absolutely. I don't blame them. If you Got the money to do it, good luck. Yeah, I, I understand both sides. I know it can be dangerous though, like doing that, like breathing and all of that stuff. Like you don't know what you do. You can hurt yourself, but They just wanna start early. Right? Yeah. And, and if they get reimbursed they, they would have to get reimbursed. But I'm like, like you said, they don't wanna wait two years. They wanna start right now. Put that garbage bin out there, start dumping that stuff in there and get Started.


And that's why they like Mr. President don't deport people. Now we now we need all the undocumented immigrants. We can, we can muster. Okay. Don't deport him now. Please. Oh man. Well great segue Charlemagne. That's what we'll talk about in the seven o'clock hour DEI and immigration. All right. And I, you know, I wanna salute and, and continue to pray for everybody in LA 'cause after the whole fire thing, now it's all mud. They say contain much mud, mud, mud slides, mud and rainstorms. And they made fun of little Kim and say hey, they never get that much rain. Well they got that Much rain. Oh man, that's Great. They got that much rain. So continue to pray for la. I heard that John Legend had, he was singing to the firefighters and he was singing Take it slow, like niggas ain't got fight five John Legend.


They had him sitting at the table. They was at lunch. He was at lunch. Yeah. Like he was singing Take it slow and everybody just fucking like that's all we, we don't have no a choice. Take It slow for a bunch of firefighters. Yep. He was singing that. Tell we don't have another choice. Alright, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this Rod? What's up Rod? Get it off your chest.


Yeah, I'm calling to talk about sports. Go ahead bro. What's up? Yeah. Yo, it is crazy how they doing these black coaches man. Robert Kraft should be ashamed of his himself because given that man one year to do his job and he was the ex-player of the, the Patriot and then the situation with the Raiders, Antonio Brady is sort of running the show there. Right. And did Antonio's Pierce played for the Giants? Yep. So got him up out of there. That's wild. Okay. I agree with you. And then the Cowboys Jerry Jones, man we need to play 24 hours to live for Jerry Jones. You know the reason, the reason He's driving Cowboy experience crazy.


He ain't driving me crazy. 'cause I won't let him. But I'll tell you this, we're not gonna win a championship until after, until he's no longer the owner. It's just gonna, it's gonna be like Dan Snyder and the Commanders, how the commanders didn't start having success that they got rid of Dan Snyder. Same thing with the cowboy. Yeah. And it was, it was just big with that Dionne situation. It was just like, have, have black people hopes up. That's wild. He 24 hours to live Mv doing for me. Yes. Yo. Goodbye man. Hello. Who's this? Yeah, good morning man. It's DJ bipolar. You already know from Brooklyn representing Lancaster, pa Red York Burg. Stand up man. Yo, Take us off Bluetooth for speaker. Your phone. Little crazy bipolar. What's up though? Oh man. So about that.


Now I got you on speaker phone. I got laid down. I'm saying, saying what's up man Just wants to take congratulations to the the Eagles. Of course. Right. We got an hour from there. I'm Lancasters. So I wanted to say big don't get a day. They probably don't get a day to the Giants who letting them go. But in hindsight they really did him a favor if you really looked at it right. Yeah, they did him a favor. 'cause he wouldn't, he wouldn't have never got this far with the way the Giants look right now. Maybe a couple of years, but Emini here. They should have never let him go. But I'm happy for Sequan man. He deserve it. He's a, he's a good guy. He's a genuinely good guy. He deserves It. He not supposed to look this good at 27 years old though. As long as he been in the league. He's crazy. He look really, he looks really good man. He, he, he be two stepping hop stepping and all that man.


And as a, as a, as a, as a dj, the community man I just wanna see a big RIP rested the piece, the dj unc. That was very unexpected man. Definitely very un unexpected. Definitely. I know Rest. Definitely 42 years old. Dying of a heart attack. Yeah. We'll we'll break it down more in just with the mess. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, char man. What up are we live? This Is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now. Here. Tell you what, it's we live.


Hello? Who's this? What up Envy? What's up bro? What's your name? Charla. What up Jesse? Joey, peace King. Hey man, I Just say I wanna make a amen for my lady. You know I had a seizure yesterday and it really woke me up to be a better man, you know, because I, I haven't been really listening to this woman And I really love this woman. Absolutely. Well I'm happy for you sir. Say her name man. Shout her out A jamia. I love you baby. And I am going continue to listen and I let see you and communicate better with you. I love you baby. This seizure will be woke me up. There you go. Y'all Having some issues? Y'all having some issues? Yeah, for the most part it's my ear, you know, and it's me, you know, like I, it is like me not catching on things, you know?


And this seizure like, like I say, it had just woke me up, you know, actually I'm happy that my mom and my brother actually caught me, you know? But when I, I was having in the meeting, If you don't mind us asking, what, how did the seizure come on? Was it, was it, was it food? Was it how you were, was it blood clot? Like do you know? We, I'm gonna schedule an MR MRI later on today, but I had a lot of stuff in my mind because it was weighing on me. You know, I don't wanna lose this woman. Got You. Yeah. And I really do. Like I said, I do love this woman with all my heart, you know, And I wanna make things right. All right brother. Well get yourself checked out and you know, they say stress is a lot of that as well. So, Man, that man worry about getting his girl back, man.


Yeah, But he won't be that stressed. Where he, He he, he was get to the help Second, he wanted to get his girl back First. Better get the help first so he can be there for his girl. But good luck brother. Hello. Who's this? This is Savannah. Good morning. Good morning sir. You got a bone to pick with Shawla? Yes I do. Go ahead Mama. Charlaine. Good morning. Good morning. How Are you Today? Blessed black and highly favored. How are you? I'm, I'm blessed. Thank you. But listen, Charlamagne, I love you. I love you my brother. But you gotta stop hating on my like that now. Nope, I will not. Okay. Wa you got a survey you gotta get Are you from that area?


I'm, I'm from Wanda County so I'm born and raised. Oh okay. I respect that. So I really had no problem with Why you so Upset. Yeah, I had no problem with y'all. She to tell us what started coming around. Jesus So crazy. I think that's everybody. That's everybody. That's Just not, I'm just telling you it's just like, like that. And you know what? I hate the fact that the Kansas City Chiefs have gone to three straight Super Bowls, got the opportunity to win three more. But for whatever reason Taylor Swift has taken the spotlight off the last two easily. I don't like that. That's 'cause she Is who she is. You can't be hating 'cause Taylor Swift is Taylor for her. Yes I can. Well got nothing to do with no football.


Congratulations Savannah. I appreciate y'all go. No, I'm not gonna ever say that but I'm rooting for the Eagles. He was about to Go eat. Hey he was almost did he go right Savannah, get it Off each. By the way, I'm a cowboy fan so me rooting for the Eagles means nothing. 805 85. That means the chiefs will probably win. If you need to vent you can hit us up now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes. Y'all know DJ Unk passed over the weekend so we going to send him his family some HA energy and get some updates on what happened. Oh, All right. We'll get to that next. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the God we are The Breakfast Club. Let's get you Jess with the mess Music.


Real Hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the cultureship. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it off. So man DJ Unk passed over the weekend and yo he had some bangers. I know everybody was like listening to his music, but I know it was a lot of speculation around his death. But we got Lauren here to break down what actually happened. 'cause nobody really knows exactly what happened. Yes. So DJ Unk passed away at 43.


I think it caught a lot of us by surprise. It Just came outta nowhere. 43 was Young. Yeah. So Friday afternoon DJ's wife posted on Facebook with a family photo and she said, please respect me and my family. I just lost my husband and my kids just lost their father. Our life will never be the same. I love you Anthony. Forever. So after she posted that, of course everybody's picking up the story, he passed away. But there was no conversation about what happened, which when someone passes away, it's so rude to ask what happened because there are celebrity people and fans instantly wanna Know start. Yeah. They didn't wanna know and they start kind of creating their own narrative. So the narrative that was moving around was that it had to be something drug related. I don't know where that came from. People were tying him to like a history of like drug addiction or whatever to the point where his wife had to come back out again and say, listen, I know that you guys are fans and you wanna know what's going on, but please leave us alone.


I wanna put this narrative, narrative to rush right now. He did not pass away from anything drug related. He did not do drugs. He passed away in his sleep of a heart attack. So she came out and confirmed that and normally people wait until like the autopsy reports and stuff come back and the media will just grab it 'cause the family doesn't wanna be bothered. But it was, the conversation got so big that she was like, y'all not gonna do this to him. Well You know folks speculate because that's what people do on social media. Yeah. But also people feel what they don't understand. So folks be scared when you hear somebody dying at 42 years old, 43, you are like, damn, that's young. So anxiety kicks in and you start thinking about what happened to the person. Because you know, if something did happen medically, you wanna know what you can do for yourself to prevent that from happening to you. Right? Most people want an excuse. So they could be like, oh okay, that's not gonna be me. You know what Emini here.


So that's saying, oh maybe it was drug use, maybe it was this, but that's, that's, that's what most people do, which is stupid. Yeah,


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple car plays a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Experiencing the news each day can feel like a journey with Up First from NPR, though it doesn't have to be. Welcome to 15 easy minutes of breaking news, clarity on international and national affairs, and a casual tone that you can take in with breakfast. Begin your day informed, ready and refreshed. Begin your day with up first. Subscribe to Up first from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Cracker a bat and Another one Gone. A Tip Bud. A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city Bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And if With me did you know, did know I wouldn't give up my nine months before. Rosa Cla get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


In a lot of like after this happened, of course you know everybody like gets online and and gives flowers. So people were, you know, posting a dance and and posting different pictures from the Walk It Out music video. Yep. But for those who don't know, DJ Unk formed Southern Style DJs with a few other DJs. He came up in the south, was known throughout the south for his parties. And he got signed in 2000 when he signed, he dropped Walk it Out in 2006. Now walk it out. Huge record went platinum and it actually hit number two on the billboard. Top 10 out of a hundred. Yep. Yeah that was the one that was the anthem of my, I feel like I like the remix with Andre 3000. I love a remix too. Love it. But then you also got two step the Remix with Back In the day, by the way, 42 is also very young to be dying of a heart attack.


And you know, whenever these situations happen and, and folks die young from heart attacks, people automatically blaming the vaccine. They be like it was the Covid vaccine. How come we don't ever blame Covid? Because studies have shown that severe covid infections increase heart attack and stroke risk as much as having a history of heart disease. Mm. Like people who developed Covid early in the pandemic have doubled a risk for cardiovascular events. So clearly something happened around that time that caused cardiovascular issues for a lot of people after the fact. After Covid we don't Know but we don't know though with him if it was Covid related. Right. Like I Ain't got nothing to do with, I'm not talking about I know, I'm just saying in General, I'm wanna make sure we separated 'cause people will take what you're saying and make it a whole thing. Oh That's 'cause people are stupid. But I'm, I'm everybody likes to say the vaccine. The vaccine, the vaccine.


But how come we don't ever talk about the impact of Covid on cardiovascular? Because think people were more mad at the vaccine than the actual virus and how that came about. People don't talk a lot about what could have been prevented with the vaccine because they were forced, forced to take the vaccine. Yeah. They were forced to take the vaccine more. So that's what they leaned in. What else you got over there? So Eagles and the Chiefs, I know y'all talked about this at the top of the show, they're heading to the Super Bowl. But we gotta get into some things because Charla heard you was upset already. I'm not upset Taylor Swift was the headline of the chief. No She wasn't definitely big upset though bro. No she wasn't. First of all her arrival to the game And I wasn't really feeling cis outfit. And y'all know I don't mind Taylor Swift Emini here. She's Taylor Swift. Yeah, but it was very Was and never really dress. But she, you know what I'm saying?


That's I man, I wasn't really feeling the fit but it was everywhere. Her arrival was everywhere. You did so sweet. I didn't see it. You are not telling the truth. You See the fit. I didn't see it Either. There's no way arriving like these red skirt stockings and Yeah, she Dressed like she from Delaware. Everything. Just that the pieces are real. Wow. He said the pieces are real's. Totally different. She get back in the day, G Stefani Emini here. She, she a white girl. It's like whatever. Why are you talking about their rival of Kevin Hall? The Gilly. I'm on my way to just making she getting close to Delaware. I don't play with me. I did wanna make sure that we said that though because even after they won the moment on the, on the field was Travis and Taylor kissing. I'm like dang I, I didn't see that.


I answered that either. It's like a movie You did because you was talking about it this morning. I saw when they was cutting the Taylor when Travis was talking. Oh and also too, when he was playing they kept cutting to her and being a couple Times saw that as, I just wanted to say the Super Bowl might be a Taylor Swift show unfortunately because she's gonna beat there. Yeah. If you wanna give all attention to that white woman and not the black people on the field. Our Kendrick la I'm telling y'all what the network is doing. You want Kendrick Lamar says you wanna bow down there, Please make sure you have the conversation because they cut to assists a whole lot. What about the black people? We Live in Phil Philly. We Philly. So Philly, everybody was at the Philly game. You had Kevin Hart, you of course Gillian Wallow was there. Gilly was is the mascot of the Philadelphia Eagles at this point. He cried I when they won the game, Deron Jackson on the field.


There were so many people. Did they say Ek Mill? Ek Mills was there. Okay, who else? I saw two Rare, the Rocket Hips Theater from Philly. No they don't know him. Okay. Y'all little old two Red was there. There's so many people there. Now let me tell you guys the Philly fans last night, all of my friends were out yesterday in Philly. And this is just like a summation of what was going. I look crazy. This is all of the crowd on Broad Street. Beautiful. Leaving the game. I love it. And mind you, beautiful. They were telling people like come to Broad Street. So like my best friend's son shout out to Chase. The DJ was DJing on Broad Street. They had people hanging from light poles even though they greased the poles still Got out there. They loop the Poles up. Yes, they had to but people Oh they did? They greased the Poles. It mad you wasn't there. Huh? Envy while them lube poles.


Damn. That's what sticks with him said. Said it So excited. Said I heard The polls can't get off of you lube in a poll. You know how that go. But yeah, crazy. Meek was also tweeting like y'all come down to Broad Street, if y'all set up speakers, I'll redo the dreams of Nightmares video. That would've been dope. That would've been fire. That would've dope. I don't even know if they got to do it because it was, he Should've been walking down the street with all those people and they would've filming and the whole Philly going crazy. That would've been so that would've caused a riot. That would've been too Many people. There were players trying to get out of the game that couldn't even get out. I See Paul George trying to drive out to get out. George was stuck. Boy they shoulda have lost. Okay. Hell yeah. You got Jaylen back here doing the cigar in the locker room. This was like a iconic photo from the game as well too. Looking good as always. You do.


Lemme see. Oh he not in color right here. I'm gonna bring it back to you. I Was gonna say, why are you printing black and white like this? We ain't got color now print. Okay. Oh wow. The first of the month we'll get, we'll get some more money. Oh Come Back with Doing the best we can over here. We doing the best we can. But yeah, the game. I actually watched the whole game. Did You? Yes. Quan Broley did a really good job. I kept hearing her Shut up. Go back to Taylor. Did A really good job, Taylor. It was. And then my son watched the game too. It was cool. We watched both of 'em. Did you watch it with your man? Why You mind my business? I want to eat Win that. No, You watch the by Of questions. Why you mind my business?


The wings were done at time. Just know that Ain't by yourself. You ain't real good ain't I have anyway. Is that all we got for just For this hour? Yeah. When we come back we gonna talk about some other honeys. 'cause there's some other mens out here. Woo Cia. There ain't none of me off. Thank you. Always When we come back, we got front page news and then Teddy swims will be joining us. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ and the just hilarious Charlamagne. The guy we are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. So for some quick sports, congratulations to the Eagles and the Chiefs.


They won this weekend. They'll face off at the Super Bowl Sunday, February 9th. So congratulations to them. Shout to all the Eagle fans and chief fans out there. By the way, the refs really do be cheating for Kansas City. You know that last play of the game? No, it wasn't the last play of the game. Last no play. Was it? Which one? No, not the fourth one. Call. It was a call towards the end of the game where the ref threw a flag flag and the flag came on the screen and then they pulled flag. They like no flag. No flag. A flag disappeared. I seen that. Like what? I seen that One. And that was only because Buffalo didn't convert. I believe Who was though? Yes. Oh Yeah. He missed it. And he missed it. Yeah. And They threw a flag. They already, they had the flag ready pulled Flag. They flag right Back. Oh my God. Man, they pulled That flag right back. All right. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning.


I'm sorry for you Morgan. Yeah, yeah, me too. That's okay. Maybe look maybe next year. Okay. Sound like a cowboy fan, but Right. Alright, well let's get into it. Charlemagne Envy and Jess, it's good to see y'all. Vice president JD Vance says, lower prices are coming, but Americans will have to wait. So Vance talked to CBS's face the nation over the weekend saying that the Trump administration has already implemented measures aimed at reversing inflation. He insists the administration is working to increase the number of American jobs and improve domestic energy production, both of which he says will eventually cause the co cost of living to decrease. Let's hear more from Vice President JD Vance. Prices Are going to come down, but it's gonna take a little bit of time.


Right. The, the, the president has been president for all of five days. Donald Trump has already taken multiple executive actions that are gonna lower energy prices. And I do believe that means consumers are gonna see lower prices at the pump and at the grocery store. But it's gonna take a little bit of time. There have been a number of executive orders that have caused already jobs to start coming back into our country, which is a core part of lowering prices. Yeah, I'm not sure what you're talking about as of yet. Seems like people are reeling based on what's coming across my timeline in my newsfeeds. But switching gears to the border Emini here, it's still a matter of national security. Trump's borders are promising that immigration raids a against su suspected illegal immigrants will expand.


Now Tom Holman, he spoke to ABC's this week saying that ice rates will soon go beyond illegal immigrants convicted of crimes. Let's hear more from the border. Are TOMS Holman. If you're in the country illegally, you're on the table because it's not okay to, you know, violate laws of this country. You gotta remember, every time you enter this country illegally, you violated a crime under the Title eight United States Code 1325. It's a crime. Whether you're see a number of steadily increase, the number of arrests nationwide as we open up the aperture right now is concentrating public safety threats, national security threats. That's a smaller population. As that aperture opens, there'll be more arrests nationwide. So Holman insisted that the agency does need more funding from Congress in order to fulfill its mission. He also confirmed that immigration authorities will not hesitate to raid schools, churches, and hospital locations that agents weren't allowed to enter under the Biden administration.


So, Hey, hey. By the way, ice really snatching people up. I I'm hearing some horror stories like from Oh really? Oh yeah. From like, people I know that know people like they getting snatched up. For real, for real. And you know what else they doing? There's people posing as ice agents going to Latino's houses and robbing 'em too. I seen that too. That's Another thing. People, people are very scared about that people are very nervous about ice. 'cause it's, you know, a lot of people are born here, but their mothers aren't or their fathers aren't, or their cousins or brothers aren't. So people are scared, nervous. Who's Gonna clean up Los Angeles? Oh my gosh, stop. Do You keep bringing it back to today? That that is not automatically their job? Yo It's a lot of them, A lot of their job. When people are going out to clean up clean debris in Los Angeles, that's what they gonna be calling and reaching out to. You can't just be getting rid of them now at a time like this.


That's, they not the only ones though. All right. They're the cheapest. It was. Oh my gosh. All right, moving on guys. Senator Adam SCH is slamming President Trump's decision to fire at least a dozen federal inspectors generals, which Trump did do over the weekend as well. In an interview with NBC's Meet the press, the Democratic congressman said, inspector generals play a vital role in stopping fraud, abuse and waste in federal government. Let's hear more from Adam Schiff, The American people. If we don't have good and independent inspector generals are gonna see the swamp refill, they're gonna see rampant waste fraud. They're gonna see corruption. In his first term, he fired Inspector General for providing whistleblower complaints to Congress fired an Inspector General for saying the pandemic response.


His response had flaws. Yeah. So Schiff also insisted that Trump broke federal law when he made the firings. As Congress must be notified 30 days before any Senate confirmed Inspector General is fired by the president. He said the move increases the risk of corruption under the Trump administration. And bringing things back to DE And I, diversity, equity, and inclusion, we all heard what happened with Target. Target was the latest company to end its diversity, equity, and inclusion programs. The Minneapolis based retailer announced the decision in a memo to employees on Friday according to CNBC. The memo cited that the importance of staying in the step with the evolving landscape to help drive growth and serve its millions of customers with the move target joins companies like Walmart, meta and McDonald's and dropping DEI related pledges and goals.


Now, Tabitha Brown, whose lifestyle products are in Target and Walmart, she posted a video on Instagram responding to calls for boycotts against those companies. And here's what she had to say. Let's hear from Tabitha Brown. I do business all over just like many other people. And what I can tell you is if we all decide to boycott and be like, no, we not spending no money at these organizations. Listen, I get it. And if that's how you feel, honey, I 1000% get it. But so many of us will be affected and our sales will drive, our business will be hurt. I think it's just complicated.


It's a complicated situation, you know, but I I do wonder why people are only focusing on Target. I guess they just wanna make an example out of, out of, out of one entity. But Emini here, Walmart rolled back their DEI initiatives, meta rolled back their DEI initiatives, Amazon, McDonald's, Ford, Lowe's, John Deere. So when you just focus on Target, but you're still on all of the social media platforms, on meta, on meta when you just focus on Target, but you're still using Amazon every day. It's just like, I, I don I don't know. Yeah, I see, I see both sides. You know what Emini here, I I see where Tabitha's coming from because you know, there's a lot of, you know, there's a lot of black entrepreneurs that have their products in Target, but Right, also, it's, it's like what Charlamagne said. How, how, how do you pick and choose which one you going to go against?


Like, you know what Emini here, there's so many different companies. Why is Target the one, I think Target is the one right now because they're the latest and we thought they was standing on business. I think that's the, that's the case that a lot of, Well that's said, but, but when you say that's the latest Emini here, like all of this stuff happened this week. Exactly. Like how Was it the latest? I was gonna say by the time I get off air with y'all, I'm sure another company will have made some, It's just complicated. You know, it is not as simple as saying, Hey, let's all boycott. And, you know, it's, it is not as simple as saying, Hey, let's go to Target and buy up all the black products. You know, I don't, I don't know. And then when you think about some of the, the areas, you know, that people, certain areas across the country are food deserts and they may only have a Dollar General, they may only have a Walmart. So, you know, and calling for Boycots puts those people in very compromising and difficult situations.


So yeah, it's, but this is a conversation. And that's your front page news. Follow me on social. I'm Morgan Media, or excuse me, I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network, download the free iHeart radio app app and visit us@bnnews.com. Talk to y'all Later. All. Alright, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, Teddy swims will be joining us. We gonna kick in with Teddy Swim. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out today. Lauren's holding it down. And of course we got our niece Nala here and we got a special guest in the building. Brother Teddy swims. Hey man, how You feeling?


How you swims? I'm so honored to be here, man. I'm fun, Man. Happy To have you here. I'm really, really excited. Dude. I I've, we, we did our album release party last night though, so, you know, again, excuse my drinking for You don't have excuse for drinking early in the morning. You see that one over there Less cheers to your does That's And all of your success. And to be on the way For my baby on the way. Yeah. I have one on the way. Yeah, absolutely. You're drinking with a pregnant man is early. Tell us about yourself, Teddy. Man, that's so loaded. I'm from Georgia from, from about 30 minutes east of Atlanta in Con Georgia. Okay. Rockdale County. And, you know, I like singing songs and I'm a good, good, good boy.


You Have a very soulful, soulful voice. Did you grow up in the church? Yeah, so my granddad was a Pentecostal pastor. I didn't grow up singing in a church a lot, but I, you know, I, I definitely grew up with fire and brimstone for sure man. With the, with the fear of God. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, you Are afraid to sin. Oh, no, no, not, not these days. Emini here. I'm just talking about like back in the day, was it like a very religious Household? Yeah, yeah. You know, like, girls don't get haircuts, you know, girls wear skirts, men wear jeans, like that kind of thing. It was real, real kind of tight. And I was Emini here. I'm very fortunate. I guess I, I feel like I still subscribe to so many of the principles of, you know, even the beliefs aren there. I, I do love that my, my granddad was, as I was growing up with my granddad, he was, he was like, we wouldn't even go to restaurants that would have a bar in the restaurant, you know?


And not that he ever had a problem drinking, but it was just, he stood on his belief so much. The thing that I was always with him was that I didn't subscribe to the idea that like, telling people that they're wrong and this is the only way to believe something. I remember he looked at other churches and be like, thank the only way he believed it was right. I remember, I remember the first time I sang at his church, I might've been 17 or 16 or something, And I remember him saying like, you know, I want you sing at the church bud, but man, all these kids are like, break dancing and carry it on for the Lord. And, And I was like, yo, pop, like nobody's broke dance since like, my mom was a child. You're so good. And if they wanna break dance for the Lord, pop, like, let him break dance for the Lord. You know? So he was, he was very, you know, stern, like just by the book.


If it wasn't in the Bible then it was a sin. You know what Emini here were I sort of rebellious? Yeah. Hell yeah. My mom was worse than I was. I remember, I remember getting in trouble for all sorts of being like, I'm not doing any of that. She was, she was in thought And I was doing all sorts of mess Emini here, but she was a password skate. My mother was the Well, let's, I I wanted to, you know, when you talk about rebellious, you started off playing football. All right? So Yes sir. You was, I heard your family was a big football family, so what got you from football to singing? My dear friend Jesse, you an old Guard. I can see That. Yeah. Yeah, you singer. Yeah. That's what you played. No guard. Yeah. And I an offensive offensive guard as well. Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. And I, I but Emini here, I just, five foot seven wasn't really happening, you know, I just during High school, middle school at the time.


Yeah. But I've been five foot seven since I was in eighth grade, you know, and so I thought they thought I was gonna be big, you know, and then it just, I, it didn't happen. Guys started shooting up six foot two and three And I whooping my ass off the line after. So what Got you into arts, like To acting? So, my dear friend Jesse, who still plays with me, I've known him since I was a little kid. His dad was always in bands and stuff. So we, we started trying to experiment and play music and stuff. And his, his older sister was in musical theater and got us into musical theater and, And I just kind of fell in love with singing And I, I was so, I was hooked. I was hooked. That singing has changed my life. I wasn't good always, but I fell in love with it, you know? And I remember telling my mom that I was, I was gonna not do football anymore And I was gonna sing and she was so, so hurt.


I brought out all my memorabilia, like, I can't believe you do this to us. We've been playing football, you know, And I remember my first little, we did this show called Damn Yankees. I did like two lines in And I think, and after I got done, I come off stage and she was like, I'm so sorry baby, this is where you belong. Really? You're a star. You know, after I did like two lines, you know, but it was what you mean by you weren't always good at it. Like, how do you, you sound amazing. I was so bad. We were so bad at it, you know, he Was in a group. Well, no, just me and my buddy Jesse, he still plays guitar Writes and, and, and he plays guitar in my band still. And we, as we were learning and trying to build bands together and do it as kids, you know, we just were really bad. You know, we, we sucked. Like we were just not good.


I like you couldn't still find actually on YouTube. I was a senior in high school. My first band Heroic Bear, it's still on YouTube, our, our first little ep And I was in like a metal core band at the time. And so you could still hear me like screaming away and like singing and if you want to hear it it up Guys, you know, you know the Routine. If you hear it, dude, you're gonna be like, okay. Yeah, you got good. Yeah. Did you Get lessons or did you practice Or how did you get I just so good. Well, I think I was so lucky Emini here. I was in theater, you know, And I had a lot of good friends and that were singing. But I think, I think the biggest thing was growing up in the, like when the YouTube era was first kind of starting, you know, and if I had questions or if I wanted to know how to sing, there was always a live version of singer singing, you know?


Right. So like, I, I could, I could watch like live videos of how, how is, how are they moving their throat? How are they moving their jaws? How are they? Oh yo, that was crazy. Dang. Dissect it. You know, I could, I could just sit there and watch YouTube videos and see people singing live, you know, like singing Craig David singing like, and credit recovery. I would pull up like a YouTube proxy and just have it behind the video and just like, listen to Craig David just, I'm walking away. Listen, I could listen to buy videos and watch their them play, you know, and singing. It was like, do you think you Like saw somebody like Craig David and like mimicked him and that's how you found Your voice? Oh, totally. Yeah. Yeah. Some of the best man, some of the best that ever did it. Marvin Gaye watching Otis Redding, man listening to Al Green.


You know, I Emini here. I, I just fell in love with the instrument And I was like, I wanna know how to access that. And then you started doing these covers, right? And you started covering songs and then you did one cover that started shooting up Crazy. So talk about that a little bit. Oh, I think Shania Twain still the one was our, like, that was the one that really kind of went crazy for us. You know, I love my mama and, and my mama loved Shania Twain when I was coming up. I love Shania Twain too. That that was, that was a real life changing one for us. And our first one we started out with was, 'cause June 25th, 2019 was the first time I, I never even expected doing covers, you know, online. And we had found like the Stems of Rock with you online. Michael Jackson. Yeah. And so it was, it was 10 years right after he passed, it was his 10 year anniversary.


And so I was like, man, we should just do Rock With You by Michael Jackson just to pay homage to him and for the, you know, and then, and we uploaded it and it started doing well And I was like, man, we should just keep this, I guess this Cover train kind of going. So we, we kept on for, you know, the next few months. And I think the beautiful thing about starting with, with Rock With You, it started getting, you know, like I said, the first day we woke up we had like 10,000 views and it was so life changing for us. We like 10 boys we're getting hammered. This is sick. And it was such a weird thing because once it hit like this, this critical mass of like maybe 500,000 views, I think people were looking at it as seeing the way I look and then seeing the Rock with you, you know, and saying Rock with You by Michael Jackson and me and, and I'm looking like an absolute redneck and saying like, either this is hilarious or this is actually really good.


And I think for our benefit it was, it was kind of both, you know, because just the fact that I was singing that song, but doing it well was, was kind of funny and surprisingly good. Now I tell You, why have you tried everything with therapy? Well, I've, I've tried therapy now, sir. So, you know, even as we're, we're getting ready to have our kid, me and my girls have been doing even couples therapy too, too, which has been so wonderful and making sure we're coming in and having this child in the most healed, safest environment possible. But I, I think, I think naming the album that was, was kind of to have that conversation and with myself to get myself to go. I think there's just like been in generations past and even still there's this like, connotation on therapy that we are like, we're not allowed to go to that or we're not allowed to share our feelings or emotions or especially men.


Yeah. You know, and, And I, I just, it's been life changing for me And I, I did have even this in my brain that I was like, I'm not crazy. I don't need that. You know, I had this for so long that I was like, I know myself. I don't need nobody to tell me what's wrong with me. You know? And I feel like once I got it too, it was so much different than I thought it would be too. And I feel like there was something beautiful about having that first album and not trying it and being in a place of turmoil and heartbreak with somebody that was made me feel like my feelings were invalid or, or not allowed to have. And, and having this part two coming out and being this thing of, I've tried therapy, I'm back in love, I'm having a child, I'm got some level of success in this. And you know, on the back of heartbreak it does get better on the other side, you know? Absolutely.


Alright, we got more with Teddy swims when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wanted everybody. We love The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Teddy swims. Lauren, Was you going to therapy? Was that pushed on you? Not pushed on you, but did your girlfriend kind of like influence you to do that or was something you wanted to Do? No, the plan was to have tried therapy after I put out the record. It was like kind of my promise to myself after the first one. Like, I'm gonna go to therapy. And I did push it off for a long time, but I think, I think when we first found out we were kind of pregnant, she was like, you know what? We should do it. It was never to push on a therapy, like to me to have my own therapy. Right. But I think she's such a wonderful person. I think she was just like, we should do therapy together as like a couple's therapy so we make sure we bring our kid in.


Yeah. And it kind of, once I felt how that was, I was like, you wanted do, I should do some therapy by myself too. And she's like, I think that's a great idea. So it was never kind of pushed. It was kind of like, I think she planted little seeds for me to man. Strong ass woman. Yeah. Good one. Come on bro. I love therapy. I like the way she did. Yeah, bro. Strong ass woman now I think she just kind of knew how to like, plant, plant the little seed for me to find it on my own is what it should be like. You know? It should be One of the things I read you talked about is you want to, you're are you already back down south and left LA from the fire? So You're planning on it? No, we're, we're, we're, we're in LA still we're, we're in the valley and I think we're, we're doing okay. We, we haven't seen like, you know, it was a, it was, we had seen a little bit of smoke in our area, but we, we haven't been home because of, I don't want her breathing that thing in though.


But I will say that what's been so beautiful about that situation and my prayers and prayers and prayers and so much prayers has gone into that. And what makes me feel like us as a society, I, I feel like we can all be so jaded and so like tough and hardcore, but when a tragedy happens, you see how like quick people are to come together and love each other and be that that community in LA is like coming together and everybody's donating their time and their money and food And I dunno, I just, I haven't seen, I haven't seen a place be that, you know, like we really, we, we, we unite when everybody's going through something together. So You gonna stay in LA with the baby? 'cause you're gonna move down south. You said you Yeah, I, so I, I, I Emini here, of course I'm probably still gonna have to like rent in LA I think I might still just rent, but I was gonna buy and it did spook me.


I might move back, you know, maybe to Nashville where I could work and still be like four hours from the parents if they want to drive up and see a baby. But I still want my little boy to have like a little or, or girl, I don't know. But I Keep that money in the south man. Yeah. You know, and Your money goes farther as I, my baby had a little southern accent, you know what I'm saying? I, I don have like, I want to open doors and you know That charm, you know, Darnell Rollins thinks that He's the reason my dog Man that you're having a baby. But he said that y'all, I saw y'all on, you was on his podcast. He said, yeah. And you said you wanted to have a kid and he told you that you was gonna have one Man. And oh God, I can't tell you enough how much like, man, when they say don't meet your heroes, they was right. Darnell Wrongs is a piece of nice human.


I agree with you. He's the nicest person tell you Anything Did you say about him? I agree with you. Your initial statement. Well, no, keep the rest of it. I don't want him hear that and then be like, damn bro, I love you dude. That's been one of the nicest. He sings me all the time, man. He's like, he sends me, we just talked yesterday and he's my hero man. So Why you don't have Darnell tattooed near your, what, what you have? He have Dave Chappelle tattooed near his T man actually, what made You put Dave right there though? I was just, I don't have that much room to have. Oh. Inner thigh. He Nothing to do my Show. Do you show him like, Hey, look at my No, No. I did get, I did, I did get to meet him like last year he had like this Grammy party And I got a, he was doing this open jam thing and it was cool And I gotta meet him And I was like, Hey look Dave, I I got a tattoo of you.


He was like, hell yeah, you know, we dapped up about it and then I was like, I'm not gonna drop trow, you know, and show you my tattoo. Of course. I I don also don't want him be like, you Can show a picture. Yeah. I don't know. I just also then I don't want him, I don't want him to think what he thinks and that it is like too close. It's really not that close. I'm not hanging that bad anyway, so it's really not That serious. Now The name Teddy swims, where did that the name come from? I've been called Teddy forever. My real name's Jayden. And I think as I was like going up to church and waiting tables and stuff and for old ladies that was tough. Jayden was real tough on them. They just, ja, Jamie James, you know, so it just, Jayden What type of old ladies name gonna say they wait old ladies. 'cause for us that's like Jayden is regular.


I appreciate that. I don I don't really know how to respond to that. Teddy was just, you know, got coined is, you know, I've just been Teddy, you know, it's our little teddy. I was just looked like this without a beard for most of my life. And I But Twins is the acronym though, right? Yeah, Yeah. For someone who I massage sexually. Huh? No, I don't say I'm a sexually someone who is a me sometimes. Okay. Along. What does that mean though? Someone is in me sometimes. Like, you mean like so when you turn into this character is what you're saying? No, I don't know. It was, I, I, I'd first originally found it on like this, this, this forum, which it was like every time Swim does this swim becomes like, you know, it it was like, it was like a drug forum.


I found it on And I was like, people were saying someone who isn't me. So it was like kind of like a asking for a friend thing, I guess we just like added an S on it with sw like the Plural forum. And it was like my, my entire kind of group at the time. And then Teddy kind of slapped in front of it and it just eventually became Teddy swims like, yeah, it just kind of stuck, you know, it was like swims was our unit and then it was like Teddy swims from like, like Teddy from swims kind of situation. And it was like, you know, just like you would maybe have like a, yeah, like a ASAP Rocky and ASAP FERC that swims was kind of our like unit. Gotcha. So it was like teddy swims and then it, it just stuck. Can you actually swim? No.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Experiencing the news each day can feel like a journey with Up first from NPR, though it doesn't have to be. Welcome to 15 easy minutes of breaking news, clarity on international and national affairs, and a casual tone that you can take in with breakfast. Begin your day informed, ready and refreshed. Begin your day with up first. Subscribe to up first from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. A cracker a bat and Another one Gone. A tip bud. A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I give, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh wow. I can You might be black For real can swim. Yo, Jay can't swim, Jay can swim. I don't know how to respond to that. How did you know that your girlfriend right now was the one? Because you met her, you met her at a show, right? She came to one of the show. She's an absolute babe. Are you kidding me? How could she? She's the one You ain't seen that girl? No, I've seen her. She's Gorgeous. Gracious. What? But how Angel, How did, if you're dating and like, what was the thing for, was it like you saw her and you just knew it was The conversation? I had listen to her music for a while too. So my, my dear friend Arsenio Archer, he's a, a producer, we went to high school together and he's like, man, he came to my studio a couple years ago and was like, Hey man, I wanna show you this girl I've been working with. I listened to her song, they've made, I don't think the song ever came out.


And I looked her up And I was like, whoa. Got bricked up. Oh, so She wasn't like a random person at a shot. Come on Brick Up, bro. Yes sir. I thought she was like in the crowd and you saw her And I messaged her. It was like, I love you. And then a couple years later, I'm going back to Atlanta. She was living in Atlanta at the time And I, her, her, her roommate was like a fan. She was like, Hey, my roommate, you know, wants to come to the show. We'd love to come to the show. Come see you. And I was like, please come to the show. I would love to have you. I'll put you on the gas list. And she came and shut And I said, girl, I I'm gonna shoot my shot. What's going on? Like, I don't know. I you Knew you knew when you saw her. Well, So I think, I think it's so important to, to like, and, and in relationships with anybody navigating relationships, I'm just not the person to waste time with relationships.


I think it's like, even if me and this person and we're both single, I'm just like, okay, let's get this, let's just clear the air out. Do you find me attractive? I find you attractive. Do we do anything about that? Are we gonna be friends? You know, like let's just navigate this before we both thinking about it And I'm going home And I'm off and then I'm thinking about you. But we're supposed to be best friends and then, you know what I'm saying? Let's not do all this. Let's not, let's not play around No gray area. That's Yeah. You know, I'm navigating my relationships. Those are Healthy conversations. Wow. Yeah. Lean on intentions early is definitely appreciated. I think women appreciate That. Know, and, and if not then that's cool. We could both, we could both acknowledge that we're attractive and also be pals, you know? Absolutely. Well let's get into something off the album then. What you wanna hear? Oh, even real. You wanna play that one?


Yeah, Man. Emini here. Yeah. Put it on for Givon, man. My dog bro. The best in the business, man. Alright, Let's get into the record. Are you even real featuring Gion? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Teddy Swis is here. Charlamagne, Can I, can we talk about some of this music on this new album? Sure. I'd love to Not Your man is a very vulnerable record. Thank you sir. Have have you ever really Felt like you gave everything to a woman and it wasn't enough? Yeah. Hell yeah man. I, I think it was for, to start this one out like that. 'cause I, I was, I, I'd wrote this forever And I was, I was in a place with somebody where my, I don know. I, I, it's, it's hard. I, I don't wanna talk about her in a way that because I, and now I've, as I've grown and healed and moved on, it's, I, I I think her for, for what we went through, you know?


And I, I'm, I'm grateful for that time and space that we had together. And I was at a place yeah. Where I felt like I was given everything and my feelings and my I was, was, was not validated or it was not enough or I was crazy or feeling this way or I was abusive situation. I don't, I don I don't wanna, I don't wanna say it. Why emotionally abusive or Oh, both man physically. And she was, she was just not good. She was not a good person And I won the best for her. But yeah, it was a very tough thing to try to try to heal somebody, try to make space for someone to heal, try to give somebody everything. You would think. You would think if you had a, if you had a passion, I would just make it like this. You had a passion in your life and you had somebody in your life that says you can quit your job and just focus on your passion. I'll take care of the rest. You got it.


And you don't do anything with your life, but you just eat Xanax all day and lay around and blame somebody for your shortcomings. When you, you had the opportunity to follow your dream and somebody that would support you in your dreams and you'd be like so surprised to see if somebody had the opportunity to follow their dreams and they had everything taken care of, how many people would be like, oh, if everything's taken care of, I don't gonna do anymore. And you can't, you can't put ambition and drive into somebody. You can't heal nobody. You can't save nobody. And I, I've started to go on that tangent, but From that situation, do you feel like you no longer able, 'cause it's like though you wanna do something out of love to better somebody, sometimes it's to their own detriment. Yeah, I think, I think I, yeah, I think it's an, it was an enabling at the end of the day, you know, I was doing something to help someone become, but I think at the end of the day I was enabling somebody to do nothing.


And if that was inside of them, I was enabling that. And I think it's a common pattern, you know? But yes, I'm trying to heal and learn to see somebody for who they are and not who I want them to be or think they should be. I Can tell you got a big heart, but people will take advantage Of you. Hell yeah. And I, And I, I'm, I'm, I'm so grateful to be, I, I don't wanna say I'm grateful to be taking advantage of that. I'm grateful to be available. Everybody's Gonna use you, but don't let people misuse you. Amen. Yeah. I have a a la last question for you. I was reading this interview you talked about, 'cause your girlfriend's black and you talked about like, when you guys are in the south, you get like, looks from people and like it bothers you because love should be love, but you're about to bring a baby into The World. You're so positive. She seems so amazing.


But The World is not always like that. Like how do you defeat that? Because you're really a really nice person. Like it breaks my heart. Even Emini here, you know, I hate how much she's go through. And so her, her dad's black and her mom's white. Yeah. So she tells me about stuff all the time. About like, you know, how she felt not white enough or not black up and how much, how her like world and her life has been such a, yeah, I guess like a juxtaposition in both sides. You know, feeling like she wasn't quite accepted by either side, you know? Yeah. And so this is not a story. I won't, I won't tell you her story 'cause she's better at saying it than, than I am. I'll never tell you her story, but I see how like, how beautiful she is and, and how, I guess how like elegant she navigates being who she is. I love the way way you talk about her.


She's the most incredible human being I've ever met. Man. I Got a good counselor for y'all to talk to. I, okay. I would love that. Dr. Omar Johnson. Like, oh my God, you don't wanna talk to him? Come back this way. Focus over here. Don't, don't. Nope. Speaking of black and white. No, no. The Song of Money Loan. Yes sir. That title's a little on the nose, don't you think? Yeah. Yeah. I think that, I think that the point of it was kind of to the core of love in itself is black and white. Like it's a, it's a black and white issue. Love is love and not love is not love and loving. Whether it's a person of a different color, shape, size, sexuality, same sex, whatever it is.


I think that the, the thing was trying to say that we, no matter what, we could come from different worlds. It's, it's a true, I guess Romeo and Juliet story, you know, kind of is the, the basis of it is that like, you know, we, we come from different places, we come from different cultures, we have different things. But when you in love, man, love is love and, and that should be enough. And that's really, that ain't, that ain't nothing great about that man. That's just love. You know, love is love baby. You know, I love that record. And it's a good stamp because, you know, money Long recently went viral for saying she's not writing soulful songs for white artists. Did you see that? I did not. Okay. Oh, I'm glad I got that one before she said exactly. When did she do that song? Was that a long, did she do that a while ago or?


Yeah, We did it. It's, it's gotta be a few months ago now. My dear friend Jeff Kitty. And Mickey Echo was a part of it with us too. And we had, we had like started working on it And I remember Jeff Kitty has, has been working with money for long years and years and he's like, man, should we see if Marnie wants to do this song with us? And I was like, Emini here. Yeah. That's like, that's, we, we, we'd kind of like to do a record like this. We would kind of need that, you know, I I would be so stoked that she'd be willing to, 'cause I, I knew what I kind of wanted to say, but also I can't say that, you know, without having money help me say that. Right. You know, but also without like relying too much, I, you know, I think I needed to, we needed to say that together.


And so I'm, I'm just grateful she took that opportunity to say, I see what you're trying to say. I'll have you say that, you know, and, and set it with me. And I, I think I'm, I'm so grateful for her. 'cause money's just a legend, man. What a bad badass man. Man. Now you also said you wanted to meet one of your musical idols. Were Stevie Wonder. Yeah. Did you ever get an Opportunity to Yeah, you know, we haven't met in person, but I, I based on, yeah. Yeah. And I got, I got a chance to do a record with him too. So I I think he's gonna put out on his next record. I, I hope so. I hope it's gonna come out. I'm, I'm really excited. It's it's a good record. It's called Politic Player and Wow. Yeah. Which is such an honor to be on, on Steve on the record. But yeah, he did FaceTime me. I'll tell you about it.


It's so funny, man. He, he FaceTimed me. Did he hold The camera up himself? Yeah. And here's the thing, here's the thing. He is actually blind. Y'all. He, this is true life. He was blind. I can, I can, I I'm saying people say people, there's a conspiracy that he is not and he is. You Seen him pick up the mic that fell. I, but look, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I was on the phone with this, I was FaceTiming this man and he said he turned his, he had put the camera around. He said, this is my son over here. And then he said, I'm over here today. He pulled over here and he said, and this is my niece. And then he had, he had phone facing her. And for the next 10 minutes of the conversation, I, I look as far as you are, I looked at his niece and him and he was holding, he was holding the camera like he was told, like I thought I was See you.


I did not have the heart. He's blind. She was, she was sitting there confirmation that PV one is blind. She, she was sitting there texting on her phone. I didn't have the heart to say, Hey, I can't see you. But you know my dumb ass man, my dumbest, the reason he called me 'cause I was in Tokyo. Right. I was in Tokyo And I had found, I had found my favorite album of all time. Best album ever. Songs in a Key Life. I, I found a, a CD of it. It was a, a Tokyo version of it, like the Japanese version of it. And my dumb ass, you texted him a picture of it. Oh my goodness. Like an idiot. Like, like he was gonna see it. Right, right. Like I just text. That's what I found, bro. That's what I found, bro. What he say? Say what he say he just FaceTimed me. So I was like, see, and my dumb ass too was like, did you give a chance?


He's definitely, he didn't see it, bro. I don't think so. So I just, just to put all those things to rest. But you'd be to shut down the Rumors. It's crazy. Oh my goodness. All these years black people been trying to figure this out. And you are the one that solved The problem. I just, I just know I was looking at his knees for about 15 minutes. So again, well you have it. Teddy swim y'all, we Appreciate you for joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess Is Real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide On The Breakfast Club.


She's the culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. So over the weekend I seen some Yo chill out. Lauren, chill out. Lauren please. Yes. Put the picture of Mufasa down 'cause that's the Picture. Ofta. Okay, Okay. Yeah, but it is Mufa. I Know that just happens to be there. You just put me on who's captain was. Okay. Okay. But I seen something over the weekend with academics in another underage situation. Yes. Or whatever. What's going on with that? Yes. So over the weekend academics got called out by a ton of people. Academics was on the stream and while he was on the stream, he was on a stream. It was a 15-year-old streamer on there and another man on the stream.


And they started having a conversation. That was, it was, it was weird to say the least. Let's take a listen to the conversation. Max Said that he wanted to try, try Doodle you let you? No. Why not? No. Yeah. Yo, yo, yo. Suppose he's like, yo bro, listen yo, you always wanted me to be next to you. Now I could be inside of you. Pause. Yo. Yo. I'm not gay. Nah, you, you suck though. Yo. If if, if Max got a sister and she threw you the with you. No because I'm 15. What Emini here, what Does that mean? She's above 18. What Emini here It'll be grooming. It'll be what? Grooming. That Has nothing to do with you, yo. Nor what's your address? I'm gonna send some strippers over there. Slow down. Yo. I'm 15.


I hope you know that bro. You trying to get hell, you scared Woman bro. I'm not a woman. Yo bro, you're trying to pull me on a case. You're trying to put them on a case. So what you mean? So that's weird. You know All the rappers lost in Virgin to like old woman. Right? That's a wise little 15-year-old. Yeah, he sure I was doing the same thing. Real Smart was he was very smart little kid. Very, very smart. Yeah. So of course this, you know, picked up everywhere. The audio leaked from the stream and then, or was released from the stream and then people started responding to it. Artists, other streamers started reacting and, and calling it weird and saying Who's the secondary voice? The other guy, the secondary voice. I, I don't know his name. He's another grown ass man on there. So I can get his name for you. But from the reports, he used to be a manager for Tory Lanes, but I would have to get his name for you.


But yeah, so people were calling Act Out of course because y'all hear the conversation. It was weird. Now the 15-year-old boy, he's actually a Discord mod. So he works under play Black Boy Max and you know that he's a huge streamer. So he then got on his stream and said, look, conversation was weird. I don't care who the conversation was between, it was weird. And he started warning his younger community about conversations like those right. So Act then gets back on stream and responds to people including Max calling him weird. Take a listen, I Ain't gonna lie to you. This turned me so off. I swear to God. And I never swear to God I never need to be on Kai Max. Aiden nobody stream.


I don't need nothing. Nobody who stream. I got my own thing going on the, so when I see this s me off, I'm like bro, I'm over here with these supporting them. If y'all acting some type of, I promise you no more Max Clips. I promise you every clip you see from Max from nine one, I guarantee you $3,000 a clip. Every label pay me that. Yo, I show too much love to ever be called a weirdo. I show too much love. I know people trying to make it weird and this is why, you know, I I know it ain't even, it ain't even Max's community. It's really like these Kendrick fans and like that The Kendrick fans. So he is weird. Lemme talk. He's a weirdo for sure of fat, funky ass weirdo.


Well it was even more weird that he brought the Drake and Kendrick beef into it because yeah, like people were making the memes. Like I saw one meme like, oh, act like what, what Drake likes because the whole, you know, underage conversation or whatever thing. I think the bigger thing here people were pissed is like, yo, you didn't even take accountability for the conversation you just had. Which was weird. He's a 15-year-old boy. Oh see I thought he did. I thought I didn't Hear that. That part. I thought he apologized. So, so, so that was the first response. Then people got even more mad because he responded that way and then he continued and he eventually took accountability. We do have that clip. Let's take a listen. I get it. Y'all are upset. How do we cancel act? I'm still the biggest pause. You can't cancel what? You didn't build this issue aside, which I again, I am wrong.


I will be better. This is a teachable moment. I only, I also don't think it's a only a teachable moment for me. For me at first I'm looking at like, bro, it's a dude, right? If, if it was a woman, it's like, that's dude, that's like a little bro. Hopefully people could learn from this whole little scandal with me. And I hope you know, the streaming community and anybody who watches it and participates, I hope those people, you know, whether you are underage or not, we are streamers who benefit from everybody viewing us. So I hope we all change and act accordingly. I gotta watch my speech. That's clear. Yeah, don't worry about nobody else. It is you. And, and the fact that the little boy was telling you like what it was and like, yo no I'm not doing that.


This is called grooming. I'm only 15. I'm not, I don't smash. I don't even, I don't do none of that. And you and your mans kept on going on and on like what are you talking about? Like He starts a clown. To me, I think that the, the sentiment here was like, I think people just wanted to hear him know that it was wrong and that it was a conversation that shouldn't have been had. And eventually he got to that point but it took him a few streams and a few yells. You know what's interesting about the situation is he apologizing? He doesn't have to because what's what you gonna take from act? But That Emini here, that that's what he, that's what he's saying. You know what, Emini here. So that's Emini here. And then even still, why would he apologize And he gonna do the same thing next week. Like it this, this is not the first or the last time he's gonna do something like that. Like that's, Well let's hope it's the last time Emini here. We can hope. Let's hope he did learn. But, And there there are reports.


Nothing I have confirmed just from other streamers that have said that like, you know, the younger boy's mom is like not happy about this so there may be an investigation into it, whatever, whatever. And see that's what you and nothing that I have confirmed And that's what you gotta be concerned about and that's what everybody gotta be concerned about when they have these, any type of conversation on platforms because that what if that kid's mama says, Hey my son's experiencing emotional distress now and now she hits you with a lawsuit. Yeah and She already got him very intelligent Emini here. He's smart Emini here and it's recorded. But you know, I wanted to salute that young boy's, parents, you know what Emini here because the fact that he knows exactly what he's, what he needs to look for and what he was. Yeah 'cause like you said at at age 15, the words he's using, meaning they had that conversation. That wasn't something that just happened for the No it out.


I'm not gonna say he didn't learn The meeting, all that stuff. He had a conversation with his parents did Case On TikTok. He could learn anyway. Exactly That he learned that he did. And he know what it is. He knows what it is and he knows how to avoid it. Which Is crazy. That little boiler, all of that from the did case. I don Know about, I know that Emini here, he's under a really big streamer like, you know, on platform. So maybe his parents did pull to the side like, yo, like you know what Emini here. I would hope so. Everybody exposed To a lot. I would hope so because bet you anybody that has kids should have those conversations, their kids if they're streaming. So, so they know what to look for and and know how to handle it. He handled it like a G. So he handled it great. Amazing. He did. Only thing he should've did was put his pops on the phone And I told definitely On the live stream.


That would've been crazy Dad pulling up on act that've been, you already know through the string. Wow. Thank you Lauren. You're welcome. Thank you Diddy. That's who taught him right? Char no, don't please don't Uhuh Somebody clip Lauren. Just say thing. Put that on. Just put that on January 27th, 2025, Lauren just said thank you Diddy for no reason for Don't listen to him. Y'all though Charlemagne, we even a donkey too. Four after the hour, another teachable moment. There's a Florida man named Shannon Atkins who needs to come to the front of the congregation. Y'all gonna learn about performing for that damn internet. We gonna discuss. All Right, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Make sure you tell him to watch out for Florida.


Man the Craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida. Yes you are a donkey. A Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant wife. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. The Breakfast Club Bitchy Donkey Of the day with Shalam Hane the gun. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this. Listen, donkey today for Monday, January 27th goes to Shannon Atkins. Okay? He is a 46-year-old Florida man. What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception.


Look man, I said this last Thursday when I did the Daily Show And I wanna repeat it. Some of y'all not gonna make it through the next four years because y'all already, you know, lost your mind about Trump in the first four days. Okay? Today starts the second week of the second Trump administration. Last week Trump signed over a hundred executive orders and actions and on his first day he signed 26 of them everything from declaring a national emergency at the Mexico border to establishing that it is the policy of the USA to recognize only two sexes unofficial documents. And those sexes are male and female. That's it. So when a trans woman gets called, sir, don't be mad at the person calling the transistor Mr is president's orders.


But what I need to tell the American people this morning is please remember your serenity prayer. Not just for the next four years but forever. Okay? God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change. Courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference. Okay? Stop stressing over things that are simply outta your control. And what Trump is doing in that White House definitely impacts society, but it's out of our control. Okay? If you can't come up with intelligent, strategic, productive forms of resistance or protest to this Trump administration, then sit your stupid ass down before you find yourself in a situation like Shannon Atkins. See Shannon was on social media doing what most people are doing and that's garnering engagement from people's en arrangement. See, Shannon decided to say some things about President Donald Trump on social media, Facebook to be exact and let me rephrase, he didn't have something to say.


He just threatened to kill. Yeah. Shannon Atkins got on Facebook and said, matter of fact, I'm not repeating what he said. Okay, somebody will clip that and make it seem like I said it. Yep. And have me jammed up. What's the news report? What is it? Right? What is CB? Let's go to CBS for the report please. One man arrested for making online threats to the president. West Palm Beach Police announced the arrest of Shannon de Paro Atkins. The Okeechobee man now faces several charges including written or electronic threats to kill. The investigation began after the FBI got a tip about violent Facebook posts directed at the President. Some of the posts were Lincoln, JFK, Reagan, Martin Luther King, and Trump Atkins posted, unfortunately one is still alive.


He wrote something to that effect. He also wrote another saying, bullets, please Jesus save America. Police say Atkins says he was joking when he made those posts. He is also facing a drug possession charge after detectives found cocaine on him at the time of his arrest. Joking. Wow. Joking Shannon, you thought that was funny. I was just joking. Doesn't even work in the court of public opinion so it damn sure isn't gonna work in the court of law. I was just joking. Is not a defense and who you just joking like that for? Okay. See this is the performative stuff that happens on social media, but I've been telling y'all on this radio for years that the things you do online can and will get you jammed up offline.


Okay? I bet everybody who liked that post or shared that post or left a comment on that post a little 100 or the PR hand emojis or the laughing emojis. Not one of those people, Shannon, are gonna contribute to your bail. Now one of those people are gonna donate to your lawyer fees. Not one of those people gonna pay any of your bills while you are away in prison. What you posting about killing the president for them? And that's why we say it's all performative because you make a strong statement about wanting to see the president dead. Only to say, you joking when things get real? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. You gonna see this one through. Okay? By the way, the government doesn't play about his president. All right? I know you might think they're only acting like this because it's Trump.


But though Obama received, you know, a lot of internet threats and people got arrested and sentenced to prison, foot threatening to kill 44 2. Okay? Now Shannon also got caught with three baggies of cocaine. You heard that in the, the news report. In my personal life I have come to the realization that the sooner you understand people be on Coke, the less you take things personally. Alright? That is very true. But that has nothing to do with the law. You going to prison And I just want we the people to be smarter over the next four years, okay? Emotional decision making will get you results like this. But guess what? Performative decision making will get you results like this too. Please give Shannon Atkins the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons Of the Day.


Yes indeed. All right. He earned that one. He Sure did. Yeah, clown sure did. How many followers do he have? I wonder. It don't matter if you got five to 10 That fast. Jesus. You know why? 'cause all it takes is for somebody to see it. And then once somebody sees it, then they report it to the proper authorities, which is the FBI and then the FBI coming to get you. It's really just that simple. Damn. Okay, I'm sorry, I was just playing. Y'all like joking? I'm just joking. I just playing. I'm joking. Jokey joke. Okay. All Right. All right. Well that was your donkey of the day. Now the Judge might do that. Judge might be like 50 years. Damn, that ain't playing. That ain't funny. I'm joking. What's Funny? I'm just joking. Give 'em 20 damn funny. Alright. Right now when we come back, we have the Women from Good Moms Bad Choices podcast.


We're gonna be talking to them next. All right? So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Just hilarious Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got some special guests joining us today. Yes indeed. Season two of their podcast on the Black Effect. Good Mom Bad Choices podcast. We have Erica Dickerson and Jamil Matt, welcome ladies. Thank You. Hey, How y'all feeling? Great. Let's feeling living. Yeah. I love the, the name of y'all podcast. Good Moms Bad Choices. What does, what does that mean? You know, I think society has deemed women and moms in a certain light and historically we're not really allowed to make bad choices, but really bad choices are relative, you know, like smoking a blunt is a good choice for me, but for other people that might be a bad choice, you know?


Right. So I think it really kind of just flips the narrative around what bad choices actually are and allows moms in particular to give themselves grace and prioritize whatever the it is that they wanna prioritize. It's funny though, because a lot of people really hated that name. All of our friends told us That was a bad idea. That was a bad Idea. Why? Why? I don't know. Because I think bad choices and good moms don't go together and you assume that that means something terrible. But Emini here, I'm sure we've all made some choices that some other person told you were bad, but they were actually fun or good or exciting. And sometimes you gotta make your own choice. And I think, you know, people put moms in a box, you can only behave a certain way, right? You can only dress a certain way. It's like you give birth and suddenly you're Martha Stewart or something.


But the truth is, is you had a baby 'cause you had sex. So, you know, there's just like the, the humanness of it. That's what I thought it was. I thought when you, you saying the bad choice is the baby daddy? No. Okay. Not necessarily Sometimes or something. Sometimes That's relative. That wasn't why we made the name. But did we make some choices that could have been better? Yes, but you learn from those choices and then you find a second baby daddy. That's better. Oh, I brought you said second baby. Sometimes people find a second baby daddy. I don't know you guys personally and I'm new to watching and listening to your podcast. Are you guys on the journey of finding the second baby daddy? Are you still with the first baby daddy? Like where y'all laying on journey? Lemme tell About the journey. Journey. Oh, one is engaged. Okay. I I just got engaged last week.


Okay. So I have found my second baby, my husband. Congratulations. Yeah, congratulations. Yeah, thank you. Love that for you. And I think that's another thing is like women, there's like this stigma that you have to say with your baby daddy or you're un you're deemed unworthy or un marryable after you're a single mom. And it's just not true. It's not real. And like sometimes you gotta do better the second time and sometimes you gotta leave the first one for your happiness and for your peace. And that's okay. So tell us about the engagement and how it happened, because I saw that trending last week on, I think it was Twitter. There was a girl that was like, and for all the guys that keep saying, just because you have a kid, nobody's gonna want you. My Stepdaddy dms is lined up. Mm. Baby. And I, I, you know, that was a big fear of ours. I think that was how we like kind of formed our podcast too is like, as black women, it's so, like the stereotype of being a single black mom is, is, it's crazy.


You know, like, and no, no woman wants that to be a single mom, but particularly for black women, there's this heavy burden of like, oh my god. And the truth is, is like you learn, you get better when you're a mother. You take dating gets taken more seriously. I don't have time to play, I don't have time for bs you know, I know what I need and what I want. So yeah, I met my, my man four years ago. We dated for three years. He's from New York. I imported him to LA 'cause LA men are not so great. But yeah, we dated, we dated for three years. We lived together for two and you know, we've been engaged two weeks, so, you know, we did a little, I did the adult thing. Congrats. Congratulations Man. Thank you. What about you? I have a partner and so, you know, we're still, we're we're not anywhere near where she's at, but it's, it's been a journey, you know, as a single mom.


I think there, like you said, there's a lot of shame. I remember when I first, when I, when I, me and my child's father broke up, I remember I joined Tinder And I,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple car plays a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Experiencing the news each day can feel like a journey with Up first from NPR, though it doesn't have to be. Welcome to 15 easy minutes of breaking news, clarity on international and national affairs, and a casual tone that you can take in with breakfast. Begin your day informed, ready and refreshed. Begin your day with up first. Subscribe to Up first from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Cracker a bat and Another one Gone. A tip bud. A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it And I wouldn't give up my seat Nine months. Rosa, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Always tell our listeners like new moms that are trying to get out there. I'm like, dating apps is the, when you first go, like become single. Like for me, I really needed the confidence boost because I felt so disconnected from my sexuality. I felt so disconnected from my value in so many ways. And unfortunately not fortunately, unfortunately. Unfortunately I really did. I needed that confidence boost of being like, oh, swipe Right. Okay. Okay. But I think that for me, in this, in this period, in this time and in my journey of being a single mom, I have learned through the people that I've dated, which, you know, things haven't worked out, but I've evolved so much and been able to, I think, manifest this person that I'm with now who accepts me holistically.


Because one thing that we were told, and we've been told a lot because of our show and the content of our show, we talk about sex very candidly. We talk about our dating experiences very candidly. We talk about our bad choices very candidly. And you're not gonna find a man like that. No man's gonna marry that. You, you like your titties out, like you wear, you don't like shirts. Like we literally, you Don't like shirts, like shirt, Shirts, shirt you don't like, she doesn't like shirts, you know, and her titty makes an appearance. I was like, they can't make an appearance today. Okay. The right titty likes to make an appearance and, but there's a lot of narrative around just being too confident and in your body and, and to you. Yeah. Being to you.


You have to compartmentalize yourself to be a wife, to be a high valued woman, which is a conversation that I feel like is, has always been part in, it's been on the internet for a long time, but now women are pushing this narrative of being high valued women. And I feel like that's very dangerous and very violent against women, specifically when it's pushed by women. Erica, a question for you, and only because you mentioned this earlier, I know what your kids' dad with, it's a little bit different for you too, because he's an artist. Like, people know Freddy Gibbs, right. How do you deal with the judgment? 'cause yours is like, probably like 50 times more because your relationship and everything that happened out of it was so public. Like, is that harder for you? Is it harder to talk about? No, it's not hard for me to talk about Emini here. Early on in the show, it was Emini here.


When we started the podcast, I was relatively like maybe five months out of our breakup. Whoa. You were mentally okay enough. Your breakup was pretty. No, I was not. Okay. Which is why I need to sit with this dog. Okay, so wait, so, so back it up then. Talk me through that. So you're five months out of you were engaged, you, you, y'all like, just welcomed your baby. Then you find out there's another woman, another baby. Then you decide to go get on a public platform and start a podcast. What was your thinking around that? And like mentally outside of just talking to her, what else did you do to be able to get through that? That's rough. You know, I didn't have a lot of thought, honestly. People ask us why we started the show. It was really, I just needed someone to talk to. Wow. And I had started listening to podcasts, actually really murder mystery podcasts. And then I started looking up podcasts in the, you know, single mom podcast, black podcasts.


At the time, there were really none, like the, the space has changed and evolved so much. But before that it was like white moms drinking wine, calling their kids ass and like nerdy white guys. Like, and, and murder mystery, which is why I was there. You know, I felt like, wow, this space is wide open. I wonder if like, my friend that I just met, 'cause I didn't know Jamila really at all. Yeah. Would wanna sit and like, let's just talk about being single moms. And then as we started talking and just being vulnerable, things just started pouring out. She told me the story about, And I, and yeah. Oh, about the, the, the threesome Couple. And I immediately was intrigued 'cause I, we'd hung out, but it was very surface. And I was like, oh, this is kind of spicy. Okay. I kinda like her. I was like, okay, I can kinda get with this. 'cause at first it was very like, how are you liking motherhood?


It's great. I love it. Yeah. You know, and not being real. And when she said that, it immediately made me feel close to her. And I, And I asked her at that moment, I said, okay, I'll do the podcast. I don't even know what the, that is like a radio show. I was like, but are you gonna tell this story about your couple? And, because that's the only way I could do it on or off. I don't really have a great area. And she was like, okay. And I Like black couple of white, couple black And white. Oh. Oh. Black Woman. Black and white husband. Oh, Dr. Umba would be, so Dr. Umba was like, this white man got three queens. Three or two. Two, sorry. And his wife is beautiful. Yes. All right. We got more with the ladies from good mom. Bad choices. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. DJ Envy, Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Laro is here as well. We're still kicking in with the ladies from Good Moms Bad Choices Podcast Charlamagne. What is a sexologist and tantric practitioner? Because that's what y'all are too. That's what y'all, that's what y'all retreats are about, right? No, our retreats are Emini here. Somewhat. Yeah. Tantra is about like, starting the dialogue with your body, using pleasure as medicine. Like she said, I think a lot of times people think pleasure is just like sex. You're just solely in the bedroom. You lock the door, you turn the lights off, you don't talk about it. But there's pleasure in all things, right? Like, you probably, I saw you with your little snuggy on this morning. I was cold. I, I But you, you know, like sometimes there's those things that just like, ha Lighting a candle, setting the vibe, eating That a good meal. And like, I think sometimes we reserve those intimate pleasures for like, you know, we just put everything in a box.


And so it's just like a spiritual, like technology that is like a practice of being in tune with your pleasure and not removing the divinity from intimacy and from sex, you know? 'cause it's very, it's given to us by God. And I think it's just about teaching and practicing other people to do that too. I read an Essence article on you guys, and you talked about apologizing to your kid and how good that has been and how freeing that is. And we always had this conversation, me, with my mom. Like, I'd be like, you need to learn how to apologize, but you guys are doing it early. Why? And how has it worked in your relationship with your kid? Because I didn't get it. I didn't get no apologies. You know? And so I realized that as I was evolving in motherhood, And I always tell people I'm a 10-year-old mother.


Like, I only know as much as I know as of a 10-year-old mother. You know, I'm new-ish at this point. Maybe a little season, not quite. But I've, I've seen the power of apologizing. I've seen how much my daughter feels safe talking to me because her mom is willing to say, Hey, I kind of fucked up. I'm sorry about that. Hey, I lost my temper. And I think a lot of times we've pushed things under the rug and like all those things, you don't forget them as kids, you know? And then they show up in different ways in your life where you now have a problem apologizing. You can't acknowledge the things that you've done wrong, and now it's holding you back. And so I just didn't, I don't want that for her. And so I think it's really important for, for parents overall to, to get used to that idea, not idea that that that thing and, and, and do that.


And like, why wouldn't you? Why wouldn't you wanna apologize to your child if you know you? I do it all the time. Yeah. And it feels good. It feels good to like reverse whatever it is that, you know, didn't work for you. You know, I think about like, I had like a, a recent like parenting moment with my daughter because she was getting bullied at school. And I was like, oh no, so we're here because I'm gonna beat all these little s ass. I was like, okay, you can't do that. Don't do that, Erica. You can Just record it. Well now I'm Breakfast club talking about it. It wasn't me, you know, at first I was like, all right, I'm just gonna like talk to the school and have them deal with this. 'cause I don't know what to do. And then I was like, no, I have to, I have to face this head on.


And so, you know, I was just, I, you know, I sat with her and talked to her and she had a really hard time telling me, because I think she's, my daughter's gonna be 10 and right now in her life, like her, so her social circle is very important to her. You know, she's just building these friendships and like, it feels like her whole world. And so stirring the pot feels like it's not a, it's not a big deal. It's fine. You know? And so I was just empowering her to stand up for herself. And after that moment, like us talking it through, I was like, damn, that was good. Here. Y'all have a book too. Good mom, A good mom's guide to making bad Choices. Explain why we, they need a guide to make bad choices. You know, I think when we were writing this, I realized like, there are so many books about parenthood, like, how do you care for your baby?


How do you swaddle the baby? What Do you do? You know, like there's all these, there's all these things about how you care for a baby. And there's rarely, there's no books really about how the fuck do I care for myself after this huge thing that's happened. My body has changed, my life has changed. I'm, you know, implementing a new human And I'm caring for something. And there's a lot of fear, there's a lot of anxiety in that that nobody talks about. And even for us, our book is talks about like our journey in single parenting. There's a lot of mom ex experiencing that. A lot of moms fighting it, like trying to put a square in a circle. Like sometimes it just don't work. And that's okay. And so I think this book is really about the guide to finding yourself, whatever that is for you, and being authentic in it. And also like, how do you care for yourself in this process of parenting?


Because there are no books about that. It's always about the child. And that's the thing about motherhood. It's self, like, it has to be self-sacrificing, but it doesn't and it shouldn't be. And that's really what the book is based in. I wanted to ask, you know, did you ever resent your, your baby fathers? And if you did, How did y'all get over it? It's a work in progress. I think that, you know, early on, of course there was more resentfulness. I think there's acceptance too. You just have to kind of accept the person you chose. And this is, this is it, you know? And, and then from there, build the, the tribe. And that's really what I've done. I have an incredible support system that will show up when he can't. You know, and granted, both of us have very busy careers. He's out of the country, out of town a lot.


And so 98% of everything has fallen into my hands. So I would, I would be lying to say there's, there's no resentment. Like there or there hasn't been resentment. Right? But I also just, I ha I also like have, have to humanize him as well. If I'm gonna give grace to the women that I, that I serve and give grace to myself, then I also have to understand where he's at. What happened. Like where, what wasn't, what needs were not met in your childhood, what things are you come back battling with that you're not confronting and avoiding, you know? And so that doesn't always come. 'cause sometimes I wanna curse him out, but then I have to kind of bring it back and say, okay, well this work doesn't just apply to this.


I have to be able to apply it to both. And, and it does. My daughter know. It doesn't, it doesn't do my daughter any, any benefit by, you know me, you know, bad talking him, especially in front of her. I try my best to, for her to feel like we are still a family. You know, we pray, we pray for her dad, we talk about her dad. Like I ask it, I ask even like, you know, he had another child. The reason we broke up was because he got another woman pregnant. And you know, I never in a million years thought that I would be able to be like in the presence of that child ever. And I know there's a lot of women listening that have maybe experienced this or maybe going through this. My heart dropped 'cause I know the feeling.


Yeah. And it was, I, I literally, I, I just, there was no way. I remember the first time he brought his son into my house, like unannounced. And I was like, oh, did you cry? How was the, did you cry? Like, what was your, I didn't even know how to cry. I was frozen. You know, like, I don did you say Get, Of course not because it's baby, it's a baby. You don't wanna react to the baby though. You feel like. Yeah. And like, as a, as women, like we are territorial around this role of mother and like this space that we share with this person. Like this is what we decided to do and this is an interruption. And, but you know, but, but now like I have so much love for that child, you know, I wouldn't be a good mom who makes bad choices without that child. Like, thank you baby mama for you know, breaking the family up.


Because, because no, truly because I didn't know myself then I was really like living for him. And, and so I think that, like, to answer your question, it is just like about or answer your question, it's just about like allowing grace and knowing that yes, there are times when I want to curse that man out. But also I love him because he gave me my daughter. Gotcha. You know? Did the baby daddies ever come to you and apologize for what Envy's kind of referencing like that flag of like, dang, I'm sorry or I put you through. Or denial, denial, denial. If you ask them, they probably would've would say they have but Emini here, you know, most dads be like, I'm doing great.


Yeah. Like you would see her in two weeks. Our babies' daddies tried to link up a few times once and we were like, what the hell are they? They talking about they were gonna start a podcast Honestly. Good dad, bad choices, let go network. No, that'd be a conflict of interest. That's right. That'd be a conflict of interest. We appreciate y'all for joining. Make sure subscribe. Good mom. Bad Choices podcast on the Black Effect Network. Jamila Map every Wednesday. Every Wednesday they drop. So check them out. That's right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club y seen the video for this. Yeah, of course. Excuse me. Yes. I love it. Long. It's been longer. How many Times you watch Envy? I'm, I'm Chris Brown And I just can't sing a dance, but I'm there, I'm there in my mind.


Video. He was getting so much love in the video. Of course. Alright, well let's get to Jessica with the mess. Let's go. You music Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. Alright, so Lauren, you had this picture of Aaron Pierre and Skepta up here since six o'clock this morning and you've been dying to talk about these two brothers. What, what's going on? Yes, Emini here. It's not anything crazy, they just out here being fine. You know how that go? Yeah, but who, who brief like that?


That Wasn't Me. Oh, okay. 'cause I'll go say and because you know Aaron Pierre SMU Foa had you going, we gonna get there. Yes, yes. Aaron Pierre is fine. So is Captain skeptic's cool, but why they together? Like what's going On? So they were at the Louis show, the men's wear fashion show for Fashion Week in Paris. And they just took the picture because they were both at the show and when they took the picture it went crazy viral. Super crazy viral. Especially because I ain't see it. You know Aaron Pierre? Yes you did. I didn't know you saw this picture. I know you even sent you today. I ain't see It and gonna smile like that. Why you Hating on them brothers, man? Hating Nobody. No, he's mad. Let me talk to y'all. Okay, so listen, so basically when the photo went viral, we were crashing out online. I was a part of the crash out. No seatbelt. Okay.


Because they look so good. But skeptic really will remind somebody, especially a light-skinned man, don't play with him. Okay? Oh, okay. Okay. I think that's what happened with Envy. Envy. So envy. I Like that. It's Okay. Yeah, it's a, it's a, That's right. They were talking about how gorgeous these men are just in general, but skeptic just no one needs to stay next to him. It's not Fair saying because whenever you see a waffle color negro sitting next to all that melanin, he looked like a pit bull. Okay, wow. All of that. But the girls were going off and guys got upset. It was men online acting like envy. Really? What happened? I didn't do Anything. Men were online basically saying like, y'all are delusional, y'all don't need to be acting like this.


Oh God. Why? Men was talking like this. Men was saying this grown Men envy. What, you got a, you got a Twitter? What was you doing this weekend? I Wasn't doing nothing. I heard they both got six toes though. That I did hear that though. You allegedly Hater bro. Why do people hate on us? Sex symbols. Hey Lauren, what's the next story here? Yo, what's going on? Yo, hold on. I wanna tell you that before we gosta Emini here, he had to come out and be like, look, I'm seeing big men are arguing with the girls about me because I took a pic with a man 12 years younger than me. Ooh. And he's 12 years older. I'm literally that man's uncle. You need to chill and let the ladies sweet in peace. Yeah. Let the women have some fun online. Whether it's Mufasa, me, Morris, shut up, let us cook.


Don't hate God's great designer. Envy. Envy. Remember I'm definitely cooking you. If you close the picture, Can you play the MUA For me? Can't like you sexy Because envy. I know you envy. I know you was trying to. Come on. Come on. Envy. Come on Envy. Come on. Got up. All got up. All ball gate. I woke up punk. Y'all got a fall gate hop off. Skeptic you on the next story Because I had to make sure if he got that in because you know, before we move away from the light skin, I gotta get my bro in here. Okay? All right. Now he Got a ball gate like whatcha doing?


Alright Jess. How get How? Just get up. Sweet. That happened. That down straight. Got up gay. I know what you're saying on there. We gonna snoop, we Yo. So, all right, changing gears. Snoop Dogg, you remember Snoop? Everybody was upset. Do we Remember Snoop? Do you remember Snoop? No. Know who Snoop is. Envy. I'm sorry, this man threw Me off. No, you're right. Do we remember what people were even mad at two days ago? Yes, you absolutely right because people move on so fast. You're right. Ooh, skeptic is so fun. All right, So what did Snoop So, so Snoop, Snoop, Snoop responded seemingly to the people that have been upset at him for performing at the crypto ball for Trump. Let's take a listen.


What Up Jack? It's Sunday, man, I got gospel in my heart right now for all that hate. I'm gonna answer it with love. Y'all can't hate enough on me. Y'all love too much. Get your life right. Stop worrying about mine. I'm cool. I'm together. Still a black man, still a hundred percent black all out till your ball out. Yeah. So the Snoop is still unbothered. I don't even know what else to say but like it's Snoop, he's unbothered, he doesn't care. He's Still Snoop. Yeah. Yeah. At the end of the Day and side note, Snoop looks like he has the most amazing fun on Sundays. I don't know if you've seen it. He had his whole family to his aunts, his uncles, his nephews, his Nieces. He Like, he had fun doing what? Every, They playing Dominoes.


They watching the game. They drink, they dancing. Yeah. Snoop look like he having a fun time On the Sunday. Only thing I would say is I wouldn't call what Snoop received hate. I would Just say that people have an opinion. Right? You know what? Emini here. And I wouldn't say that they were hating and it was feedback, you know? Nah, The people was mad. Yeah, but that's not hate. They weren't hating On it. Nah. An opinion not hat on them. Just like, yeah, they had an opinion and they wanted like answers. Like yo Dang. But you said such and so they were disappointed you be, Yeah. Yes. Disappointment is better. Were disappointed. Disappointment is better. Okay. Well yeah, he's unbothered. But moving on to another story here. Somebody that spoke out recently, D Woods. So you guys remember D Woods? She was a part of the whole, when Diddy was doing all of the making the bands identity came. Absolutely. That's the whole yes. D Woods.


So she decided to sit down with Good Morning America and speak out and break her silence on troubling interactions that she said she had with Shawn Didy Combs After starring on MTV's popular reality show, making the band three the day we were chosen. I was like, it's bad boy for life baby. She says, what should have been a dream come true quickly became something else alleging Diddy created a verbally abusive work environment. I'm curious Why you decided To speak up now. I would say that this moment now is a time where I feel like my experience, my truth will really be heard and actually considered and and Believed.


Did she say what happened? This was just a couple minutes ago, Right? Yeah. So yeah, this is, this is breaking right now. The sit down with Good Morning America. So we do have another clip loading where she's gonna go into more detail. But I think that for a lot of people, you know, just like when Cassie spoke out or when Dawn, Dawn Richards spoke out, it's just like, whoa, this is a person that was really close. Yeah. They were closest to him. Watch her be really close to him. Let's take a listen to this second clip where she goes more in detail. I seen myself standing in those dark, scary predatory spaces and hearing somebody say some of the most degrading things to me. How was it predatory? Somebody constantly treating you like a piece of meat, only seeing, only valuing you for your sex appeal in, in some of the environments.


You know, it was, it was even scary to be by yourself. Wow. Yeah. Is that because she's going, she's gonna be on the, on one of those documentaries, right? I I think D Woods is gonna be on one of those. I'm not sure the ID documentary Fall Diddy, that's the name of it. Yeah. The fall. Yeah. What whatever it's for is, is, is it can't be, it can't work out well for him. A person sitting in jail right now and trying to claim his innocence because even if this is just for a documentary, if I'm prosecution, I now wanna reach out to her if I didn't already know to, to have a conversation with her. Because you know, this isn't the first time you've heard things like this, so That's right. Yeah. Dang. Thank you. You going Well that is just with the mess. All right, now let's get to the mix. Emini here. Congratulations to Philly. Let's start off with Meek Mill and it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning we play Another song. You checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's The Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now Salute to everybody. Now salute to Teddy Swims who stopped through earlier today, his new project. I've tried everything but Therapy is out Today. Yes, man. And y'all people online talking about we need the gatekeeper better and we need to keep people like Teddy swims off The Breakfast Club. Why? We've always, it's stupid, it's dumb. We've always interviewed people like that and somebody, somebody posted the dumbest thing under The Breakfast Club Instagram. They said what A country station interview Beyonce. Yes. Yeah. What the hell? Kind of dumbass question. Like what if our last album was Country and it's charted dummy.


They would interview Beyonce. She wasn't. Yeah. Honestly, what you talking about? Come On. My goodness. Well, salute to Teddy swims, right? I Teddy swims man. And also shout to Ma Martin Lawrence for taking care of the team. I know a lot of us, a lot of y'all went to go see Martin this week And I know Lauren went. The staff win. I know Charlemagne win. I was going go, but the person I, I was trying to see didn't make it this weekend. So I decided to cancel my plans. Jess. Oh, Jess was supposed to be there. Yeah, I was in Atlantic City over the weekend. 'cause my daughter had a cheerlead competition, so I went to go see Martin. I thought Jess was gonna be there too. Actually texted like, no, you did not. I said, I'm here. I did, I did text You. Oh know, I no, you was trying to kill two birds and one stone. Like, oh, let me see if Jess going, no, Jess was never on the Atlantic City Show with Martin. I was at supposed to be at the Barclays on Friday, Texas.


And I'm sorry, I said, I'm Here waiting to see you. I'm like, why? Why are you there? I'm home. Jesus, Dummy and sl. Everybody man in Atlantic City at Kelsey's man. Oh, I love Kelsey so much. That's a Restaurant. Yeah, restaurant Is Soul Food Restaurant Down there. Oh my god. Kelsey's is so good. Kelsey's is great. They got the breakfast, man. I would, there i, I go there for breakfast. I've, I've eaten it for dinner too. The dinner's great too, but man, they breakfast buffet. Mm Oh my god. Crazy. The sweet potato waffle. Mm. That sounds like constipation. They got the sweet potato waffle, the red velvet waffle. Oh man. Oh That sound good. I can't eat none of that stuff right now. Nah. Kelsey's Great. SLU to Kelsey. Man. Shout to Kelsey. That's what's up. Alright. Right when we come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne to Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. You got a positive note, Charlamagne, you hold Out. Hold out. Like, yo, we on Tuby. Oh, you didn't know that? Oh Yes, we on Tuby. No, no, no. Charlemagne sent it to me. But I thought he was You joking? Yeah, because he on Tuby because he texted to me and he me the link. He was like, this your fault. I'm like, what you mean we on tub? You did the Deal. No, I didn't. I thought it was a joke. Yo. But we really stream on. Yeah, we on Tuby. That's what's up. That's what's up. Shout out to Somebody must have just hit you and say, I seen you on Tuby. Yeah, they said that they Emini here. They hit me every day. Like I, they always Hit you and say they see you on What? Yeah, but now they see you and you two you.


That's on y'all. All right. Well you got a positive Note. I do. The positive note is simply this man, I want you to remember this on this Monday morning. The calmer you are, the clearer you think. Okay, let your decisions come from a place of peace, not from reaction. Your reactionary mother F is out there. Have a great day. That Was a good one. That's true. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night Football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now.


Experiencing the news each day can feel like a journey with Upfits from NPR, though it doesn't have to be. Welcome to 15 easy minutes of breaking news, clarity on international and national affairs, and a casual tone that you can take in with breakfast. Begin your day informed, ready and refreshed. Begin your day with up first. Subscribe to Up first from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy Podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. I think God sent me this gift so I can show it to The World. And most of all, I help people every single day. Listen to the Ghost Therapy Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.