
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear Up for Outdoor Ventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information always take care of cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


bank Of wake of wake Up. You guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night. Talk to The Breakfast. Club is the most powerful, popular urban radio show in America. Live from the black mothership in New York City. DJ Envy, Charlemagne de God, and just hilarious. Thank y'all for being cultural leaders, man. I appreciate what y'all do for the Culture collectively known as Breakfast Club Bitch. I'm Always nervous when I do The, Breakfast Club because sometimes you say stuff and it's just gonna get you in trouble. Everybody wait. Good morning. USA Yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo.


Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. God. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning. That's right. It's Wednesday. Hump day, middle of the week. It is, man. How y'all feel out there? How You feeling, Jess? I feel good. Lie. You all rested. I had something shut up. I had some good sleep last night. I haven't slept before then, like night before last two nights before that. I haven't slept in like three days. So last night was really, really good. I redeemed myself. My child let me sleep. I got the pregnancy pillow on the way. I don't, you might have a baby before it comes. Thank you so much. But Absolutely, that's what happened when you ask somebody to do something for you weeks and weeks and weeks ago.


You just Asked me though. I, I'm like, why would she just want a pregnancy pillow? And she about to have a baby? Unless you the keep stomach. No, I asked him Envy. I asked him last month for the pillow. That's not true. Send it to his DM yesterday. As you can go through your dms. I send it to his dm, like, oh, I need this pregnancy pillow. It's not for when I had a baby. It's like while I'm pregnant, it, it has like a dip in the the middle of it. Yeah. It got in it so I can actually steep on my stomach. I can sleep on my stomach because Right. I can't sleep like a vampire. And she be all over on the side. Right, right, right. And She be on the side. So even sleeping on my side is not comfortable now. So I was like, can you get this put on? He was like, yeah, got you.


Well, and now, now we're in this month. I was seven months when he asked me that. Now I'm almost nine. And he was like, you still want the pillow? You still want the pillow? I was like, baby here in two weeks. Still want the pillow. You know. You should have sent that to my wife. 'cause You know that'll slip my mind. Okay. Because that's all I do is I forward it to my wife. Order this for Jess You know. Yeah. But she sees you every day. I don't be remembering. I Don't be. And so now he try and make yo and then he try and make that the baby shop gift. That is not true. Again, that is Not true. It was Like, that's what got it so fast. That's what got it so Fast. And then I said, what's the registry? Right? Then I said, that was my next question. What's the, what's the registry? No, it wasn't. She said the registry like two months ago. She did? Yes. I Ain't see you send no registry.


And I sent that to. Yep. I sent that to you all. Yeah, you did. Oh, you must have sent it at the same time you sent my kids invite for the baby shower. Wow. Because I didn't get that. Wow. Get, So it got lost. Right. Wow. Now I called Jess, I suggest you want something off this registry or you would just want Gia to get you something. She's like, just have Gia gave me something. So Gia, please. Yeah, because Chris made the registry. You can't let a man make a registry. Because I looked on the registry and it was just, it was, it was, it was mad generic stuff. Nothing. It was mad generic stuff. It was like, it was like bot one bottle, two bottles. I was like, you sure you just want the kid just to go get your stuff? She was like, yeah, just have a kid get me stuff. So You should get Chris made the tary. Yeah, Chris made the ratt tree because I just, I Didn't feel like it.


So that's why when I went to the registry, I saw like tools. I saw like hammers and screwdriver. He a liar. Like did not see no damn tools. I'm like, why would a baby be needing all this? I didn't get, he just, He lying. He's stupid. Yo. Aw man. Well, Keith Robinson comedian Keith Robinson will be joining us this morning. He has a new, a special on Netflix called Different Strokes. Hey man, not only is Keith Robinson have a, a Netflix special. He just has an amazing story. If you've ever read You know Kevin Hart's book. I can't make this up. Or you've heard Kevin Hart just talk You know that Keith Robinson has been a mentor to Kevin Hart forever. Correct. Like literally forever. Yes. You know. And he had two strokes.


Yeah, two strokes. And he survived. That's why it's called different stroke strokes. So when you hear him this morning, You know if you've ever You know, talked to somebody who's had a stroke, like a couple of strokes, like he has You know it. It's, it's, it's a little shaky. Yes. Right. But, but, but you'll, you'll Understand. But you can understand it. Yeah. That's right. Absolutely. So we're gonna be chopping up with him in a little bit and then we got front page news. Have y'all been following the, the RNCI Had it on last night, but I didn't really watch it to be honest with You. Yeah, no, I mean I seen Vivic m Swami speak, But I don't know if that's his name, but yeah, You Know who I'm talking about. But Vic Ram Swami. Yeah. You Yeah. You know what I'm talking about. But yeah. We'll, we'll talk to Morgan when we come back from page news is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Hey, SLU M Knight.


Schleman Man, y'all know him that makes the movies. They had a, they had a summer Tuesdays here yesterday at iHeart and he was here with his daughter and he got a new movie coming out called Trap. And me and SL Ivy Rivera, she's a personality here. Y'all know Ivy. And she was, we was talking and she said he was here. And I'm like, oh shoot. So I told the crowd I do You know that how much of a role he played in the Kendrick Drake beef? No, No. But because Kendrick referenced the sixth sense in euphoria and at the beginning of not Like Us, he says, I see dead people. That's the sixth sense as well. Yeah. Yeah. Bruce Bruce movie. I didn't even know if him And I show on knew that. But I put 'em on blast in front of the whole crowd. No, not on purpose. Just because I got a little Excited.


Okay. Yes. Allon Shalon. Alright, Well morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning Morgan. Good morning y'all. How y'all feeling today? Good. Good. I see you with your new hair. Okay, Morgan. Alright, well let's get, thank you. Did bitch. Not even. Okay, so y'all, yes. Okay. The Republican National Convention is underway in Milwaukee, Wisconsin this week. And day two was action packed. Former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley endorsed former President Donald Trump in his reelection bid during a speech at the RNC. Haley said Trump invited her to speak at the event to show unity.


Let's hear more from Nikki Haley at the RNC. I'll start by making one thing perfectly clear. Donald Trump has my strong endorsement, period. My message to them is simple. You don't have to agree with Trump a hundred percent of the time to vote for it. So the two had a falling out. I'm sorry, Charlemagne. No, I was gonna say Republicans really don't fall in love. They fall in line. I mean they do. Honestly, all politicians don't fall in love. They fall in line. They have no permanent You know friends or enemies. Just interests. Yep. Exactly. Yeah. So the two did have a falling out after Hailey failed Tolin clinch her Republican presidential nomination.


But on Tuesday she appealed to undecided voters. During her speech. She argued that the US would be worse off under a second Biden Harris term. And let's not forget that she did actually serve as the UN ambassador in the Trump administration. So, but however, she was very critical of him up until about a few months ago. I wonder if people that support Nikki will actually listen to her because a lot of people went to Nikki Haley because she wasn't alternative to Trump. To Trump. Right. So I actually wonder if they will listen to her and, but that was part of the reason why They said that she was there speaking. 'cause they, they wanted her followers to You know, continue on to follow Trump. And that's why she said You know you don't have necessarily have to agree with everything he does, but just think that he's better than the other option.


Like as you said, fall in line. And as previously mentioned, security has been heightened at the event. On Monday, Milwaukee police say a man wearing a ski mask was arrested with a gun and his motive remains unclear. Also, yesterday, police shot and killed a homeless man outside of a, the security perimeter at the RNC Milwaukee Police. Chief Jeffrey Norman said the officers involved from the incident were from the Columbus De Police Department in Ohio. Also by, By the way, If, you pull up to a ski mask at an event like that. You just trying to go to jail. You got you, you miss your boyfriend or something Pretty much asking for it. You can't pull up, you can't pull up with the Poosh Icey or something like that after what we just saw Saturday. No. And think you're not gonna end up in jail.


Knock it off. And speaking of Saturday, the wife of the rally shooting victim, 50-year-old Corey d com comparator is refusing President Biden's phone call. Now speaking to the New York Post, Helen Comparator said she didn't talk to Biden and she doesn't want to talk to him. Adding that her late hu husband was a devout Republican and he would not have wanted her to talk to him. Nice. She went on to say, yeah, she went on to say, talk about loyalty till death to us part. And then some she went on to say, she doesn't have any ill will towards Joe Biden. And she's not one of those people who gets involved in politics. She supports Trump. That's who she's voting for. But she doesn't have any ill will towards Biden. She also admitted that Trump has not called her, but she says he didn't do anything to her husband.


A 20-year-old despicable kid did. Helen said the last thing her husband said to her was, get down. See, I don't, that's so crazy. Crazy. Regardless of what side of the aisle you on, you shouldn't refuse a call from the president of the United States of America just because you don't agree with his politics. That's whack. Like he's calling you as a human. Her Man, human being You know just to give his condolences. Yeah. But You know, you hear that a lot sometimes when, when family members die or something happens in this country, a lot of times they feel like it's the president's fault and they don't wanna talk to the president. But she don't feel like that though. She said she don't feel like that. But I Don't even know. No, she was saying she doesn't feel like it's Trump's fault. You know. It was the key.


It was the, the the shooter's fault. Essentially. I, because Trump hasn't called her. Biden has made attempts to call her. Trump has not. Yeah. I just don't Feel like that. Well, not that I know of anyways. I don't feel like that should be your op in that way. I'm not gonna take his car. And I had, I had one question, Morgan, with the homeless person that they shot and killed, did he have a weapon or is it just that they just that sent Oh, he had a weapon. Okay. Yes, he was yielding two knives. And so the Ohio police officers, when they arrived on the scene, of course they You know they took him out and that's What happened. Okay. Because I figured everybody's sensitive right now. And If, you gonna be around the RNC and you have any weapon, they're not gonna play with you. They're not gonna play with you. All right. Well thank you Morgan. Thank you. We'll talk more about what's going on in the next hour.


President Biden is talking about black jobs. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. I'm, I'm, Hey, what? This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this Shay. Hey Shay. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Oh. But yeah, I was just wanting to know with, when it comes to, to the police shooting, I just wanna know like why, why they don't use they pages no more.


Why do everything have to be a bully? And, I. Think it's just weird that, I mean, I understand the fear of people. We all been in a situation where we be scared that we don't know. You know we at before we even think. But they are trained to diffuse certain situations. And, I just feel like, dang this be dad, mom, sisters and brothers. And that situation with the homeless, like he had a knife. He ain't no gun. He couldn't shoot at y'all. I thought the same thing, but I was one, I only thing I was like, was like, how close was he? I doubt he was that close to somebody, to an officer to do something. But I don't know. I, I thought why didn't they use a taser Nowadays they just shooting up just killing.


It ain't about shooting. They shooting two kills. Yeah. I just think there's ways, if y'all was training for so many months or years or whatever, there's ways y'all can bring a person down besides his shooting Because 95, 90 5% of the time, if he's a homeless man, wied in two knives. He has some type of mental health issue. And that's even sad. Well, thank you Shay. But That's all I wanted to say because that's all I've just been thinking about lately. Like how they just don't pa or they ain't to shoot the kids nowadays. Yeah. Well thank you Shay. I tell you though, if somebody came to my house, You know wheeling two knives. I'm gonna shoot 'em too. I'm, but that's because I'm gonna own a taser. But But you wouldn't tase them anyway. They come in your house, you gonna shoot 'em.


You're not tasing em. Yeah. Yeah. But You know, like you said, in that situation, they got knobs and as long as, as at least You know, if they very close then you might understand. But if they far away, I would, I would think they would have the option to. TAs You know. Yeah. Hello. Who's this? Yo, top of the morning? They, your boy rich from Brooklyn. What's the vibe? Rich. Rich. What up? Get it off your chest. What's Popping man? Jay Prince Jay Prince Jay Prince You know you don't want this smoke with killer cam and murder mace. Man, sit down please. What y'all think about this man? I'm Wondering why you thinking about this at six in the morning? How old are you, sir? In the morning. How old are you? No, seriously. How old are you sir? He woke up with that on this morning. Nah, don't worry about that. I'm just saying man. It's six in the morning, bro.


Have you had some breakfast yet? Have you had some breakfast? He's not, huh? Have you had breakfast yet? I'm at the drive through right now. There's no way it six in the morning. I ain't h yet. And this what I'm thinking about my brother. Get Your hot kicks. Got off work man. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Well get your hot kicks. Sausage bro. Can ig right quick? Go ahead. Alright. I need everybody to tap into my ig man. Rich Fatherhood. RICH, fatherhood man. Tap in man. Show support. My Cia rich fatherhood man. Get it Off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is Your time to get it off your chest.


Wake Up whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We want hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? This is Tonya from Omaha, Nebraska. Hey Tonya from Nebraska. It's the illest chicken Nebraska. You already know. I I keep it real. You know. I keep it real. He was talking about the movie but go ahead mama. Get it off your chest. Yeah. Hi. So I'm, I just wanna talk about how voter suppression here in Oma is real. Like I have my kid, I'm trying to get his driver's license and the requirements out of this world.


You need two pieces of mail. You need, basically he needs two forms of Id just to get an id. Like can you imagine If, you were a homeless down here. Damn, you couldn't vote. Damn. So to get your license, they want, they wanted to make sure you live at the address. That's why they want You know two a a bill. And then they usually want a school ID or a passport. If, you have one, right? Well, he's adopted. I adopted him. So I have to have the adoption decree because I have to get his social security card because his, when he was adopted, his social security number was changed. So I have to get his new social security number because he is been, I've been going off of his old one this entire time.


No one even told me after adoption that the social security number was even changed. So mind you, he's been working, he is been going to school under the old number this entire time. So now I have to go to the Social Security office, wait two to three hours, then get a social security card. After I get an adoption decree, then I have to go back to the DMV, present them the social security card along with two pieces of mail that he has to have. But what kid is getting mail, right? You tell me. I don't know. So I have to get him two pieces of mail. It, it, it's, this is a, it's a hag just for him to become a registered voter. So can you imagine, If, you were homeless here in Nebraska, you don't even have two forms of mail.


You don't even, how do you get mail? If? you Homeless? Well, You know in Nebraska last summer, the governor signed into law LB five 14, which does establish You know voter identification requirements for elections in Nebraska. So the first election that required voter ID actually happened back in May and y'all statewide primary. So yeah, you right. Yeah. And you need that. I, trust me, I'm a avid voter. I vote on everything. And, and honestly, I'm trying to show him the importance and I'm telling them if they're making it this hard for you to vote, they don't want you to do it. Listen, when, if they Don't want you to do it, you need to be doing it. I agree. Yep. Absolutely. We haven't seen nothing yet. Who you voting for in November?


Ma'am, I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't like my choices. I don't, I really do not. But I'm gonna be honest, I'm gonna vote Biden And. I don't want to, I want something that, that I something tangible. Something that, that I can, that I can say, Hey, this is what he's done to affect me. I don't have any college debt. Like you said, I'm choosing between the couch and Biden and right now it's making it hard for me to get off the damn couch. Well not just the couch in Biden, the couch, the crook in Biden. But I mean, I will say maybe, Hey look, look at it like you Trump ain't even an option over here, man. I'm gonna be honest.


He ain't even an option. I I'll be Damn. I'd rather sit it out than vote for Trump. Well, and I'm gonna be real. Well we don't want you to sit it out. We want you to do your civic duty. Yeah. You know and that's why I'm, I'm teaching my kids the same thing. If they're making it this hard for you to do it You know damn well you need to be working your ass off to do it. And this kid, he's just trying to get a driver's license. He's getting ready to graduate early. I wanna give a shout out to my wife Bethany You know L-G-B-T-Q. Okay. And my kids, Jamal Jeremiah, my sister Tiffany. Well thank you. I was about to ask you a question, but I don't feel like you explaining the birds and the birds to me this morning. Hey. Hey. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool baby. It's cool. Cool. I still love you Charlamagne.


Nah, I Just wanna know how y'all got kids. But I'm sure you adopted right? I said She adopted. That was the problem. Yeah, no, I adopted my nephews. That's why I said I need to adopt it. See Charlamagne, you don't be listening. Listen, we, I just kept hearing her say her kids. Her kids, her kids. But she said she adopted it. That was the thing they needed. The adopt cards, the adoption paper. Yeah. I need the adoption decree.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy? Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back. John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. As family secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures. With spacious heating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month Each at t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Man, You gonna be listening. I ain't here the beginning. You'll be listening. Hey, It's cool. I adopted my nephews because my sister was You know on drugs. But You know what she clean now. Congratulations Tiffany. I love you. We all live in our house and we live down there in all You know Man. We love a CD Baby. We love a a stud that. Can you hear me? Hey. Hey You. know why I used to be toxic as hell? See I used to be toxic out here putting my hands on people and Shit. Just like said if You know what though? I went to therapy during Covid. That's right. And. I found that y'all figured out that that was something wrong with me. That I have to be happy for others You. know what I mean? And then as soon as I started being happy for others, then that started, that stuff started coming back to me.


And You know whatever. You know what I mean? Man, you all setting a great example for all the studs out there. You have a good morning, different Conversation. I have a good one, y'all. Peace That that was a different conversation. I know her sister, first of all, we did not need to know your sister was on drugs. As you clean. Now That you clean now we all live in the same mouth. That is what That's what God wanted to studs to hear this morning. You hear that? All you toxic ass studs. She used to be toxic but she went to therapy and got her life together. All studs. Need to hear that message. 'cause we do not talk about how toxic studs are enough. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess coming Up. Yes we do. The national a anthem lady. She knows she sounded bad but she got a reason for that.


Okay, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. Oh right Jeff talking about she gotta deliver. I'm like what you mean about that baby? Now I'm talking about deliver my stories. Yo. Okay, just with the mess. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast, Club. Let's get to Jess with the best Is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide method on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on.


So this is a video that's been going viral. The country singer, Ingrid Andres went viral after her national anthem performance at the MLB Home Run Derby. Let's take a listen. Oh boy. Hey. Yo, that's so funny. Me. It sound like she making fun of somebody like don't it sound like she mocking somebody either way.


After she claimed the title, the worst national anthem ever. She released a statement. She said, I'm not gonna bullish y'all. I was drunk last night. I'm checking myself into a facility today to get the help that I need. A Facility. Yeah, You gotta go to rehab. Just 'cause you sucked thinking the national anthem. Don't make me bring her to the front of the congregation now. Yo. She said that was not me. Yeah, that was you last night. I apologize to MLB. All the fans in this country. I love so much for that rendition. I'll let y'all know how rehab is. I hear it. God. Super fun. Oh God. XO Ingrid, Listen. First of all, Marvin Gaye and Whitney Houston. God bless the dead. Two of our icons. Two of our legends, they gave two of the best national anthem renditions ever.


And they probably was on that high octane toot. You hear me? Big cocaine. But talking about, I don't hear about no alcohol. Yo, we talking about Marvin and Whitney. Are you? This is Ingrid. We don't know her like that. And. I like that. She told the truth. She like, look bitch, I was drunk. Y'all took too long to start it Man. Please. Whitney would've body that drunk Marvin with a body that drunk. Don't blame it on no alcohol. Don't blame that on the alcohol. Now it was Just a Lord fault for her to say, I'm going to rehab. To rehab After That. She gotta go to rehab after that performance Session. So where Fergie needed to go, did Fergie go to rehab? Fergie ain't saying damn thing. Fergie said, yo asked me to sing And I did what it Rehab. Yes. I might Need, I need think. I need to bring her to the front of the congregation.


Rehab Point to rehab. 'cause I was terrible singing to National Anthem. 'cause she sucked Up. Amber Rose denies sang Amber Gonna to rehab. She gonna, Yo, shut up. So she recently spoke at the RNC in support of Donald Trump. That's what she had to say. The first person I knew who supported Donald Trump was my father. I was shocked. And I believe the left wing propaganda that Donald Trump was a racist. And when I insisted, he said, prove it. So to prove my father wrong, I did my research and looked into all things Donald Trump. I watched all the rallies. And I started meeting so many of you, his Red Hat wearing supporters.


I realized Donald Trump and his supporters Don't care. If, you're black, white, gay or straight. It's all love. And that's when it hit me. These are my people. This is where I belong. Hey yo, it was the giggle. These are my people. This is where I belong. She said, I'm like, bitch, what is you talking about? Anyway, whoever wrote that for her, that was, that was cute. Her speech received a lot of criticism for several reasons. But Joy Ann Reed's commentary stands out the most. She's A-M-S-N-B-C correspondent. She said this, It's ironic that they were able to recruit this young woman. You know she's a racially ambiguous, I don't want to say she's black because she has said she's not so, I don't wanna say this black woman, but they've brought somebody whose whole career is based in black culture.


She was used to be on a show on BET. That's the reason most people know who she is. She dated one of the most prominent African American rappers in the business in the history of hip hop. So her whole culture came from black culture. Even though she says she's not a black person herself. I don't know anyone who takes their political cues from Amber Rose, but just in case you do, you might wanna duplicate doing your own research because she might not have done it thoroughly. Yeah. I don't care who Amber Rose chooses to support. Yeah. Politically. But I do have a feeling that that that footage of Jocelyn Hernandez jumping on Amber Rose that might leak in full, it never showed it to us on BETI have a feeling that that might leak. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You know for just for other reasons.


It can't Yes, it it didn't air on BET, but it definitely may leak. Yep. And if they hear you say that they definitely gonna leak it faster. I think it's Happening. So what was, what Was, what was the footage? I don't remember. They was on a b, c Joly College Hill show. They did the College Hill show together and they was in the classroom. And Jo Jocelyn called her out for saying that she wasn't black, but she was like, Jocelyn, no, like I, I'm biracial. She said Biracial. Yeah. Yeah. And then Jocelyn put hands on. Did, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They, they fought like for sure. Who one, it's, I nobody knows. Not sure because I didn't never showed ust. See, but but you heard Insiders told me. Yeah. Jocelyn had to Yeah, because it was Amber got fed up, so Amber left and then she turned back around and came back in the room and she like got Jocelyn from behind.


But Jocelyn rose up like the hawk and spent around and it was some, yeah, it was some things. But we, I ain't see, I just heard, I think we about to see though. I think that leak, I think that little video gonna leak. I got a feeling. Yeah, man. But she said that she had never said that she wasn't black. But indeed we have an audio read. I think it's number three. Play it for her. I do not consider myself a black woman. Absolutely not. I mean, I, so my dad is half Irish, half Italian I do to Italian festivals. I grew up eating various Italian food. I celebrated St. Patty's Day. I'm all, I'm really into eighties rock. I love guns roses. So, and then also like my Cape Verdean side, which I don't know that much about it, but You know, I try to get up on that culture also.


But I embrace everything that I am. I don't feel like I'm more one thing than the other. By the way, once again, I don't care what she chooses. I don't have a problem with that either. I don't care who she chooses to represent. Politically. I got more of a problem with people like Van Jones on CNN talking about she, she, she, she's dangerous to Democrats. And I. Don't think people like, like Joanne Reed said, people not getting their political cues from Amber Rose. That's the thing. That's why I was saying even in, we know how little into politics I am, but I still can't believe that this is what we're talking about. Like Amber Rose. Right? That was, yeah. Honestly, Who cares? She's able to Top the biggest topic of the political talk right now. Like what the hell are we talking about?


She not even the top pick the topic of regular news. How the hell is she in the, it just don't make sense to me. But nah. And we are helping to amplify the story by talking about it. Yes. But I mean it's where You know there's something to talk about. But like I said, I just don't think nobody getting their political cues from Amber Rose. And if they are, God bless 'em. Yeah. So what I don't You Know. Yeah. I just meant politically it's like what they're talking about this girl like on CNN and all this. Like what do we talk about? This is for like what we do. So Democrats know what they need to do. Yeah. Kan Rock baby at the DDNC. Let's get it. Rock or, or get the DNC or Biden need to go grab Jocelyn.


You think Jocelyn over Khaw Rock? No. Jocelyn, Nah. Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm gonna take Jocelyn over Keshawn Rock. I don't know man. K'Shawn rock. Rock knew that nigga need a different, different than Jocelyn. You Said Jocelyn was it? So that'd be good. Yeah. I'm talking about just because if they need, Because it is Amber, Amber versus Jocelyn. You, you would Get Jocelyn kan. We, we would need kan like to fight. Like Kan ain't about to go talk about who to vote for because nothing. Jocelyn, she got mouthpiece. Like she can talk, she fight and talk. Mm. So we need that. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And I. Think Kan is in jail, so Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. So yeah. Able To get her. Jocelyn Might be good for the Latino vote. Latino vote. All right. Make some calls.


DNC. That's Justin. We're the mess with The person. Y'all better not man. Don't even play like that. 'cause they'll make that call. Everybody Else playing. Why we can't play, make everybody else playing. Oh man, All y'all doing is playing. She do Her speech right from Starless. All right. Anyway, when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us and then comedian Keith Robinson will be joining us. He has a new Netflix special, different strokes where he talks about having two strokes and still doing comedy. So we'll talk to him in a little bit. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The.


Breakfast. Club. Now let's get back to some front page news. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Yes. Biden is talking about black jobs. So President Biden is touting his accomplishments that have benefited Black Americans while speaking at Las Vegas at the N-A-A-C-P National Convention. Biden said he focused on groups that needed help the most. Let's hear more from President Biden at the NAACP convention. Here's takes of Black job And. I love this phrase Black job tells a lot about the man and about his character. Folks, I know what a black job is. It's the vice president of the United States.


First Black American history rock. I was vice president, rock And I. Know they're the first black secret defense, American history. One hell of a job. I not that the first black woman from the United States Supreme Court, Xray, whoever, whoever wrote that knew what he was speaking. Oh, he's gonna be at the naacp. Let me give him some bars that we know going rip. Yeah, For sure. So Biden went on to say he's bringing black communities together through infrastructure, adding he's connected distance franchise black communities and cut black po job poverty in half.


Now Biden warned that Donald Trump will undo all of the accomplishments for black Americans if he wins the election in November. Now this comes as the Washington Post reports. President Biden will reportedly endorse changes to the Supreme Court. The legislation establishes term limits for justices and enforceable and an enforceable code of ethics. Now, the Post also reports he's considering a constitutional amendment to eliminate broad immunity for presidents, which the high court recently established in the federal election case against Donald Trump. Now Biden laid out his intentions in a call with the Congressional Progressive Caucus. And the move comes as the Supreme Court has come under scrutiny, over alleged ethical lapses involving Justice Thomas and Justice Alito.


It's not about them being under scrutiny for alleged. They are a corrupt court. They are no longer a legitimate institution. And If, you just look at all of their recent rulings. You need to ask yourself a simple question. Will we have, is this democracy healthy enough for us to have a free and fair election come November? Because I'm telling you, if You know Biden does win, right? Which I don't know if he can, but if Biden does win and Donald Trump challenges it, when you look at their recent rulings, who the hell do you think that they gonna side with? Come like it. It's not even, it's really that simple. So yes, he need, they need, they need to be some type of effective resistance against the Supreme Court. They need to be calling the Supreme Court out, calling them a illegitimate institution.


And they need to be doing everything in their power to do something about the Supreme Court. Some Types of check checks and balances. Absolutely some type. So You know who else is calling people out. Vice President Kamala Harris. She's calling out Republican vice presidential nominee JD Vance to accept a proposed debate hosted by CBS News. Now, the Biden Harris campaign said the vice president called the Ohio Senator and left a message after being chosen by former President Trump to be his running mate. Harris Congratulated Vance and welcomed him to a welcome him to the race. Now, in May, Trump said his campaign has agreed to take part in a vice presidential debate hosted by Fox News. He did not mention anything that was proposed by CBS News. So we will see how that plans Vice President Kamala Harris will wipe her ass with JDV.


That is where she actually shines. You know, I think all of y'all remember when she went up against Mike Pence? You know If, you remember her even back in the day. You know in No in those Senate hearings the way she used to get at people. Like she really does shine in those moments. So, yeah. Excuse Me, I'm speaking. Let me ask you, you guys a question with them on the campaign trail. So tough and so hard, who's running the White House? 'cause I, I haven't seen them back in DC in a long time, but just seem like they on the road every day. They are definitely on the road. I was gonna say it, it it's, it's pe it's people still there. Okay. All there's somebody there. All right. Because There's no way y'all can probably think that in America holding it down, you really thinking America in 2024, they can't do two things at once. It just seemed like they early on the campaign trail, it just seems usually it's a lot later.


But now it just seems like they've been on the campaign trail for a long ass time. I don't think it's early at all. But, but the, the interesting thing is at the debate, not at the debate, what was President Biden? Well he said the campaign hadn't even started yet. What did he speak? I forgot why At the press conference he said the campaign hasn't even really started yet. They don't usually start until September, which I thought was odd for him to say And You know at the time. If you're gonna say that all that's gonna do is make people say, well since the campaign hasn't started yet, let's get you out the way then and put a new candidate in so we can get the campaign started. I just thought that, I didn't think that was a small thing for him to say because you never, you never stopped campaigning, right? Yeah, no, never. But this just seems like very early and extra. Like it just seems like a lot so early.


But I guess it's needed. Yeah, sure. Well that's your front page news. Alright, Thank you so much. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and be sure to catch more news coverage at the Black Information network@bnews.com. Alright, thank you Morgan. Thanks Morgan. Thank y'all. Now when we come back, comedian Keith Robinson will be joining us Now Keith Robinson is one of Kevin Hart's mentors. He's from Philly. Funny ass dude. And he has a special on Netflix. It's called Different Strokes Now. And He and he's, he suffered two strokes from two strokes. That's right. Yeah. So you'll understand. It's, you'll understand when we come back. But just remember he suffered from two strokes. And I. We'll talk to him when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. That's right. He has a new Netflix special, new Netflix standup special plus. It's just a very, very great story, man. Keith Robinson is there. That's Right. What's happening? And the Netflix special is different Strokes. That's right. Keith Robinson Kos. Yes sir. How you feeling this morning brother? I'm Feeling good man. Now, now Kiev If, you have an amazing story. You are clearly here for a real reason because you survived having a stroke twice. Yes. I started to say you survived multiple strokes, but that not the gay. So you said you, so you survived having a stroke twice? Yes. Yeah, the first one I wasn't have filmed too good.


And I mean. I'm like, ah, this stroke, eh, I need a number one more and I'll know for sure joking man. I said what? So, so the, the first stroke that you got, what happened? Where were you? And, and and did they know why? Or was It it was my fault. Both strokes was my fault. Was it your lifestyle? No, I read that You said you took Viagra. Absolutely. Who don't take Viagra. Why? Because it an, it an enhancement. I don't know what, keep joking or not, man. I, I'm not, I'm not joking. I heard the Viagra story, but I heard that you said you took Viagra. That's what, what led to a stroke? Yeah. Is that true? Maybe I was on, here's what happened on 2020.


So we were in Covid at, during that time, yes, This girl wanted me to come on. There was Arizona You know man, can't miss out on that. I'm wanting this girl for 20 years. So I decide to go, lemme go to Arizona. Every time I leave the house, I check my blood pressure. This time I didn't, I get on a flight first class. Of course You know. So I'm on a flight, but I'm drinking now. You know first class. They gimme all the good stuff. So You took the Viagra before you got on the plane? No. Oh, okay. Okay. I'm drinking, drinking, drinking. I'm drunk with a guy that fly the plane. Pilot. Pilot. Yeah. Him.


He made an announcement. Right. He said 20 minutes left in the flank. And I knew it was 10 minutes to girl to the girl's house going on 30 minutes. You get it. What? Takes 30 minutes to kick in. So you popped That bag? I Popped that boy. Well when it landed I was a little dizzy You. know what I mean? I was like, oh, And, I. I get in the Uber, I'm like, oh man, my heart's beating fast and all that. And I'm like, okay, I have to make the decision. Should I go to the girl's house and get lame? I should go to the hospital and live. So of course I'm knocking on the girl door.


Huh? I had to man. No you didn't. You choked to, So, so you had a, you had a stroke at her house? Oh, I, well I had two, two strokes at her. No, I had one stroke and a half a stroke. And I. I got a couple of em pumps before. No, I mean that stroke, I mean not that stroke. So you had the, the the physical stroke at her house. Both physical strokes, sir. Oh yes. And there you go. There you go. No, I mean I was chilling and I'm spending the night. Dang. But when I woke up I couldn't walk.


So they called the ambulance. I went to the hospital and for some reason I felt a little better. And I flew back to New York. That's when I went in the hospital. So did they tell you when you were in Arizona that you had just gotten a stroke? Did, did did. And you still got on a plane and flew back. I'm who I am. Man, listen, You know TK Kirkland and Sherry Shepherd. I heard it with TK first. TK tells a joke. It's not even really a joke. It's actually real. He was like, the older we get, you need to be with a woman that can recognize the signs of a stroke. Did the woman you was with recognize the signs of a stroke? No. Damn. Not all. But I, I have one who would've recognized it, but I flew out to another You know.


Come on man. You know. And it's real thing. Every man that I know has put that life at risk one way or another to get Something when we was kids. Nah, nah, nah. Okay. Thirties. Yeah, it started Good You know. So, So did she think she put it on you so bad? That's why you couldn't get out the bed? Is that what She thought though? No, no, no, but no. And you don't speak to her anymore? Yes. You Still speak To her? I said I'm coming back. You know I'm coming back one more time to make sure I'm so popping blues. No man. Cut it out.


Keith. Huh? Did the doctor say the Viagra was the reason? No, he didn't know I had Viagra. You didn't tell Him? I ain't tell the doctor. Yo man, I wanted to have Viagra keys. But you did The Viagra, You did the alcohol, you did everything. Yes. So I don't know what it was, but that was it. You know first one I called when I'm in the hospital was Ken. Okay. 'cause you, you are for, for people who don't know if You know anything about Kevin Hart If, you read Kevin Hart's books. You know that Keith Robinson is a mentor. Mentor. Mentor, yeah. The Kevin Hart. You call him little dumb ass. Yeah, little dummy. So I call him up. And I told this one, the Mark Twain award.


I called Cam like, man they going to put me in the covid section and Cam who know how to bullshit with the best of 'em. Oh no they won't. Lemme make this call. And I. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. And he hung out. Oh wait a minute, who the fuck is he going to call Dr. Fauci? Whoever you talking about. So I end up in, in the Covid section. I ain't hear from Kevin until I got out of the covid section. Hilarious. I was like, I god damn. Now you, you, you are a mentor to Kevin Hart. What did you see in Kevin early that that maybe everybody sees now? You never know. But I was like, this guy has something special. And then people, like when people talk about Kev and all that, he had to work to come around.


All Atomics Mere O'Neal. All every, he had to work. We gave him hell You know. We were telling him to get on stage and throw books. Like books at pages. Yeah. Everything He, two yellow pages of his he performing. Yes. Yeah. So Ke went through hell. He drove up and down the turnpike with me with sleeping head to hand almost. That's right. Kel put the work in period. You feel like comedian's put the work in like that now? No, because the internet and easy gets to go on the internet. When you go on the internet, it makes it a lot easier.


And. I. Like I've been listening to you guys a lot with a comment on and all that and a lot of comics. Like I never bomb. I don't bomb. Well don't bomb you probably a joke thi or a hack because comedy is a continual experiment you're trying out and you can't be good If. you are afraid to be mad. That's old school. But old ones always classic. And classic is what works. You gotta work out And. I feel like a lot of comics. Just make a funny face on the internet and get thousands of views.


And then You know become somebody. When you Heard You know Kat Williams say that basically Kevin didn't put the work in. Nobody knew who Kev was in la, California. What did you think about that being that you were there from the Right? I was there from the beginning. I knew that just wasn't, didn't make sense. Kev had a, from the work, And I made sure he did. Like you have a trees and all filled barn all 'em around you. You got 'em put in work. A lot of people don't realize they had Montreal in Alliance back then. You go to Montreal and you get a deal. Chappelle got a lot of deals outta Montreal. I got a deal outta Montreal.


When Karen went to Montreal, he got a deal. That's where they came from. And that's where you get the money. And agents and execs are there from Disney or N-B-C-A-B-C. And that's how that works. And I. Think Kat knows how it works, but Ka for sure putting a lot of work. All we have more with Keith Robinson when we come back. His Netflix special, different strokes is out right now. Is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you're just joining us, we're kicking it with comedian Keith Robinson. His Netflix special, different strokes is out right now and he suffered two strokes.


Charlemagne, You wrote on Chappelle show too, right? Yes. Yeah. What, what sketches did you write or what did you write? Well Over the third season?


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help? Seek therapy? Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Kerry Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Would they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Is getting gas at shell. Burning a hole in your wallet. Get the drop app with drop. You can earn free gift cards just by filling up your tank. Download drop now. Use code drop eight eight to instantly receive $5 in points


The third season. And You know what's funny on that season. We wrote BMI and D experiment. That one's called the Black Men in Dresses Experiment. Wow. You know because we saw first was syphilis then being the wor wall, the BMDI, whatever black men dresses. And that's why I lot that crazy started. Oh, so when, yeah, so when Dave was getting to the point where he wanted to walk away, it was because of that. All that, huh? I But it was a sketchy all road. So I'm sure he had a perspective. No. Well I was thinking about, we were thinking but Dave just left completely after that.


Oh, so you rode that after he was gone? No, we, we told him we were gonna ride it. Okay. Okay. But Dave was in and out back and forth and we're like, alright, is he going to stay? Is he going to leave? And he left. Mm. What do you think drove him to that point? I guess the pressure. Am I, am I going to match mild the seasons and the pressure White black gets you all the time. Every time. Like people will call And, I say, well man, when I say Charlemagne, it's a sellout. You'll get that If. you are on the radio long enough with an opinion. Sooner or later, somebody black gonna call you a sellout. Especially with the success.


Yes. Yeah. This happened. Well that's what happened. So that man been mess with Dave too. Am I doing it right? Are black people happy? Mm. But you can't worry about that. We're going to make mistakes. We're going to do whatever. That's right. And it'll work out. And Dave is so dope, man. He is definitely one of the best. Absolutely genius. Without question. Dave told me a joke, right? And the Chappelle show, he gonna tell me a joke. And I'm like, oh man, that's funny. He's like, Keith, that's your joke. I'm like, ah, you wrote the joke Better than me. You know. But he's that good man. Like I respect Chappelle, Chris Rock, Wanda Sykes legends.


They work like never before. That's right. And keep coming out with stuff all in time so we know who the guys are. You ain't gotta look for 'em. You know where they are. Dam, Wanda, Chris Kat got cats up there and You know all that is just like, I like to see that us giving folk credit that deserve credit. Right. And those guys have has been doing for so long and they still doing it. That takes a lot. Richard P. Fry, who is the best? Absolutely my top guy without a doubt. After that you got Dave Fresh.


I say Wanda all the time because she don't get the love that she deserves. We got a, we got a good thing going. When people go to comics at each other. Everybody's at each other. But main thing, when I got sick, all the comics help me out. Chris Frost, Wanda Forest, that's my sister. We were roommates. Ju Seinfeld, Louis EK. People don't even know all that. You and Wanda were roommates. Yeah. How'd That happen? Well, Chris Rock, we were on BT together. And. I didn't like him. Why not? Why didn't you like him? Well because when I went to audition at the comic strip, a guy named Df Swer, I thought I killed.


But he is like, nah. And one the good, you could see a guy named Chris Rock. I'm like Chris Rock. So he was jealous. Yeah. Yeah. And then 10 years later, Chris picked Wanda for his show. The Chris Rock Show. Chris Rock Show. Yeah. And you think about that Chris Rock show. Chris Rock had Wanda Sykes. Louis CK. Who else was on that show? Dude that played Poie. Ang, what's the brother's name? I can't remember his name. Lance. Lance. Yeah. It's like they, yeah, they, they, same thing with Dave. You watch Dave's show now. So many people. That's somebody now was all over Chappelle's show. Bill Burr You know Don. Yeah. Joe Ro episode Joe Rogan. Yep. Who was Darnell Donald? Roll us man.


Stop It. Yeah. Well, Darnell, why? Let me tell you something. He bugged me. Darnell. Yeah. He bugs me. Now let's talk. No, like he bugs all of us. Now this is real. This is kind of funny. I guess he was in the movie, right? But I hated him so bad in the movie. I was rooting for him to get shot. Yes. I was rooting him like get him, get him, get him. And then when he finally got shot, he still was hammering it up. Uhuh damn creep back up. I'm like, I called him. I said, I, I can't stand you. I was rooting for you to get shot.


He'll tell you. Well why? I do love him now. That's why I love down now. 94, 95 I did a show in a project. And I brought Darnell and Darnell killed so hard. He wasn't mild back then. He was good. No mild He wasn't mild. You mild now, right? Yeah. But he killed so hard. They still talk about, he would talk about a guy named Fat Timmy on a bike or Fat Timmy on Tommy. It was so funny. Everybody in the neighborhood still remember Darnell from that joke.


Wow. Because it was that powerful. And that's the only reason I like Darnell Now. They said, well I don't have a reason to like Darnell. He is, Darnell is one of the best standups. Yeah. Doing it though. You gotta, you gotta give him his credit. 'cause he'll say that we didn't give him credit. Don't give him too much credit though. Yes. But no, he don. He's one. He's one of the best standups doing it. Absolutely. Now, at one time they said you lost your voice. Yes, man. After the stroke, my voice was gone. My, my voice box and all that. And I got a contraption from $9,000. I'm putting in my mouth pause, I guess. Daddy Pull you No And I contraption stopped the air from escaping from my nose.


End up losing it. But I had enough confidence by then with my voice coming back to go And. I needed that one minute confidence because that was mostly wise, the confidence. I can know it. And when you can talk and it's so frustrating. I do a joke and it's special. Different strokes about going through the drive through. And when you go through the drive through, when you can talk clear, they barely understand what you're saying. I'm at the Chick-fil-A and I'm like, can I? They say, we don't understand. You can. We don't understand. I'm like, hold on you Chick-fil-A you sell nothing but chicken.


Guess what I want. Figure it out. You ain't got nothing else chicken. That's it. And that was a frustration. And I really was frustrating. When people don't understand you, you can't curse somebody out. You know you tall. Huh? So Did you ever think you lost your funny or did you or did you ever lose your funny meaning? Like you didn't find anything humorous? No, not no. You know. I found a lot of stuff funny that happened. You know. 'cause that's what it is. But like I said, when I went back to the Cellar, Chris Rock, his first thing was, Hey Strokey Robinson.


See I looked like that. But That let me know I was back. I ain't getting mad. I was back lying. Yes. That's it. That's Right. That's right. All right. We're still kicking it with comedian Keith Robinson. His Netflix special, different strokes is out right now. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with comedian Keith Robinson. His Netflix special, different Strokes is out right now. It's called Different Strokes 'cause he suffered two strokes. Charlamagne. What did you say to Chris after the Will Smith incident? You know I'm from Philly. One from Philly You know Charlie Mack. I know him and all that. I just didn't like it. 'cause Chris is like, I love that guy.


I ain't meet Will a lot but You know in Philly. So I had feeling love for him either way. But And I that hurt to see that it wasn't not, I didn't laugh, I didn't You know I'm not, I mean it wasn't nothing funny about it. Right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I, I found funny and everything, but not, not that. Maybe it was somebody else. I was like my, it was Chris You. know what I mean? That got me a little bit. But it is overall hopefully Salute to them. What, what qualities do the greats like Kevin, Dave, Chris? What, what qualities do they have that make them who they are? Right. They working out. You know we got the up and coming guys.


Your boy Andrew Schultz, that's my guy. He's coming. You know Michael Ch And. I. Like to see that. I never was jealous of anyone. You Were jealous of Chris? No, I wasn't jealous of him. I was a fake man. And, I was kind of mad at him for somebody saying, Hey, get outta here. You should meet Chris Rock. Looking back on it. The guy was absolutely right. But You know I'm bring a lot of confidence in. Right? Like end at the end of my special. You see all the comics around me when the credit's rolling. But that's all the comics you bring in. And, I think every comic bring another damn comic in.


Right. Stop talking. And. I love what Tiffany had it. Did she had they ready? Yeah. Bring comics in. That's right. Stop them playing in the whining about you. People make everything about themselves and comic you keep bringing them in and then you see it keeps going and gone and it never stop. Well Kevin did that for you with back of the bus. Back Of the bus. Funny. Yeah. That was your, that was your first freshman. That was, that was a Kevin Hart Presents. Yeah, but Kevin knew better. What You mean He knew better? I sock him if he didn't. Oh yeah. What did more for you that special back then? Or the this one now? The Netflix one. This one.


You could feel one. So antenna You know the Ecosystem. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And different strokes. Now that one is doing great 'cause it's back on now. They brought on every platform. What made you wanna do this special? What made you say You know I wanna do it. And did you feel like, ah, I don't know if I want to put this out there. No, I wanted to put it out here before, before when I was home and didn't, even before I was talking to Charlie Mack on the phone. I said, You know what? I'm gonna do a special and I'm gonna call it different strokes. And he said, what? Yeah. He said, well, what about different stroke?


And that's, that's Charlie's damn foot. Shut up Charlie. But, But yeah, I knew I I wanted to do something. And then when I got back on stage for the first time, I was nervous. 'cause I didn't know if my voice would last. Right. But it wasn't, wasn't pretty good. And I kept going and going. I called Wanda sys up. I said, Wanda, I'm ready to go on the road and wa two in the room road and start building and building and building. And that was it. I Heard you say that you don't want audiences to pity you. You know. You, you, you, you want their laughs. How do You know you not getting pity?


Laughs. Oh, I know. Okay. Because I, I do my best like You know. They look at me when I see them pitying me. I'll throw something in there to throw 'em off when they go this guy And I saying I'm newly handicapped. I was never handicapped before. When I'm new at this, sometimes I forgetting that I'm handicapped when I find myself laughing and handicapped people. So they like, they go, I give 'em those shots. I feel like you can do that though. It's like a black person saying the N word. Like we can say it 'cause we black. Right? I feel like you can make handicap jokes and laughing handicapped people 'cause you No, this is what happened. People who have been handicapped all online, right.


And few comics, they look at me like, this guy's a fraud. He wasn't born handicap we're born this way. So there's a beef between naturally born. So you like a trans, you like trans handicap. Jesus Christ. That's funny as, Yeah. That is crazy. I may, I may Be trans. So there's CISs handicap, there's cis handicap and trans handicap. I may, it's trans handicapped. Oh my goodness. You trans handicap do, do you look at handicapped? Did you, do you look at handicapped people differently? No. I mean I see what they go through now.


I'm more aware when I see a guy with a handicapped thing and he is walking with no problem. I get it kind. I can get kind of angry. Angry. Yeah. Come on man. Look at me limping You. know what I mean? I get it. I get it. You think you're funnier now or funnier before the stroke? Now I think I You know. I actually think I'm funnier now because I'm more in the pocket. I have more word economy. I'm painting manning now. If, you look at back of the bus. Funny. I was all over the place. Moving around. I can jab And. I felt some movement can help out The jokes Movement now, can't help out a joke.


Now And, I have to express exactly what it is toward Tee. So I think I named being better now, but I was always pretty good. I remember you and Amy had that podcast. Three girls, one Keef. Yeah. Y'all stopped doing that. Was that after? After yeah. When You had stroke? No, that was why the first stroke. That was the first stroke. Okay. The first stroke. I was still moving. You know we did a thing called, was I, I did a thing. Was I wrong? Now I'm ask you guys, was I wrong? This girl called me from New York. Right? She was in Philly. She said, Keith, come to Philadelphia and let's go to a restaurant and get something to eat.


I said, well, I'm coming from New York. I'm not coming for no reason. Come on now. You. know what I'm saying? She said, no, I I got it. So we go to Red Lobster. That's Red Lobster. What the And I go there. She's eating ing. Ah, right. I said, well we wanna go to this hotel. She said, no, I got a headache. I said, oh, okay. And she goes, I said, order this dessert. I'm going to the bathroom. I mean right back down in my car and drove home. Was I wrong That woman when she heard about you on a stroke? She said, that was your karma. You think I was wrong?


No, because you told her from the beginning you should at Least paid your half If. you Have paid your half. It wouldn't have been that bad. You should have paid your half. Whatever Wasn't wrong. But you wasn't you wasn't wrong. You told her from the beginning You. know what I mean? But you, but you could've paid His half. It is like You know what? I'm gonna tell you something. Kee has ruined your life. See, now you're thinking about it. Maybe I'll be wrong. Well, the Netflix special different strokes Yes. Is out right now. Man. It's a pleasure to meet a legend like yourself. Absolutely. We appreciate you joining us this morning. Thank You man. Absolutely. Thank you. God. Watch Different strokes on Netflix right now, man. Keith, Keith Robinson. It's The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess. News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't nobody On The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Okay. So Irv Gotti, Accused Of Sexual Assault. Y'all listen to this story. Listen very carefully. An anonymous woman filed a lawsuit against Irv Gotti accusing him of assaulting and abusing her on several occasions from 2020 to 2022 in St.


Martin, Miami and Atlanta. Three different places. She is seeking a trial by jury. The woman claims the abuse caused so much emotional distress that she needed to be committed to a psych ward. Oh my God. She alleges that they met through a mutual friend at a poker tournament in the summer of 2020. She claims Irv Gotti invited her to a vacation in St. Martin. She says when she got there, he forced her to have sex with him, threatening to send her home if she did not. So just go back home. But she said that she agreed because of his power and influence in the music industry. After that, they begin dating. Oh my God. They reportedly dated for two years.


During the relationship, Irv allegedly forced her to perform unwanted sexual acts and verbally abused her. He allegedly forced her to perform oral sex on him and an elevator. How long was that ride with Flo? Was they going to? And that was in Miami. And then once in a back of an Uber in Atlanta. That is crazy. She claims that they broke up following the incident in Atlanta. So she couldn't take it no more. Like, I don't wanna be your girlfriend anymore after this in Atlanta, she also alleged that he slander her to his large social network and all over la which made her fearful of leaving her home crazy. So after that got out, like the, the sexual assault allegations, 50 cent immediately claimed that he would do a docuseries on Murder Inc.


And he just posted it. I don't know if it's trolling or not, but usually when 50 say he gonna do something like this, he does it. And as we know, 50 and Irv Gotti have been beefing four years. And according to an interview, Irv did. He doesn't know why 50 doesn't like him. Irv is the co-founder of Murder Inc. Which was automatically wrapped up in fifties beef with Ja Rule. So that was just a quick little story. So of course y'all know I always want to get into who the lawyer is when we have these type of cases. But it's not Mr. Blackburn. It is somebody named Audrey Ana Elk held. So I don't know her, but these lawyers is, I don't know, but that story, I just had to say that because I'm I That's crazy.


You made this man your boyfriend. Add all this and then nevermind. All right, so listen, Tyler Perry divorced and his new movie, first of all, did y'all see it? He came, he came out with a new movie. We just had Cory Corey Hardrick. Yep. Up here the other day. Yeah, he was up. Did y'all see the movie? Y'all get to watch it? I Did not. Okay. I saw it. And I thought it was incredible. You liked it. Yo is lying. Alright. Anyway, I didn't see it. I didn't see it. Thought you didn't see it. I know you did. He would've never said that. Okay. But it's called Divorce in in the Black and it received 0% on Rotten Tomatoes. Now what do You mean 0%? 0%? I've never seen that before. So You know Rotten Tomatoes is like what they use.


Like it's the most Yeah, I know what Rotten Tomatoes is, but I never seen nobody 0% what that means. So nobody voted on it? Nobody liked it. No. They they, they voted on it, but they just didn't like it. But You know Rotten Tomatoes. Like they, it is actually like good movies on there that they get low. I never seen zero. But they get low ratings too. Okay. Like low percentages and Rotten Tomatoes too. So you can actually, you can tell when somebody hating the movie wasn't trash trash, but it was like, come on Tyler You. know what I'm saying? The rating is a re is a record low for Tyler Price's career. However the They're still number one. Yeah. 'cause niggas is watching it. Like Watching it. Why you say, I don't like how you said that.


Imagine should imagine If you was Amazon Prime Executive Niggas is watching it though. Like you can't say that Jess. I'm sorry. Because people are watching it. All right. However the audience scored the, now the audience score for the movie was 54%. So that's still good. Like it's not, it's just 0% Rotten Tomatoes. But they, they got, they do two ratings or whatever. I mean, I've heard a lot of mixed reviews. Like most things I heard people say they was good. I heard people say they didn't like it. I heard people say it is not believable. I don't know what y'all mean when y'all say things aren't believable though. They had a challenge on it. Right? Didn't they have some type of challenge to see if who could watch it the longest or something like that? Mack was telling me, one of our producers, yo Listen y'all too hard on Tyler Perry production the first, Excuse me, Y'all too hard on Tyler Perry Productions.


No, Let me tell you something about Tyler Perry. Tyler Perry is way too resourceful and, and big and, and just came so far for him to keep writing these things himself. Like comedian Lonnie Love even said, I love that Tyler Perry is playing paying black actors. Now. I wish he would hire black writers and directors that have experience to help him with his movies. He could improve the movies and make them award worthy if he would stop trying to save money by doing the writing and directing himself. I don't think he's trying to save money. I, no, I don't think he's trying to save money either. But I think like he would like all the credit 'cause it's created by Tyler Perry. Written by Tyler Perry, directed by Tyler Perry. That's fine.


I guess it's just hard to tell somebody to fix something that doesn't seem to be broke that people are watching. That's what I mean. They still winning. That these shows are still buying, these networks are still buying. And And I would say that a a lot, lot of times when I watched Tyler Perry reductions, they remind me of soap operas. Right. Growing up soap operas were were very ridiculous. I don't think y'all remember. Y'all don't remember when Marlena turned into a damn panther on Days of Our Lives? Do y'all Absolutely. Like I remember, I remember watching the stories with my grandmother. Yeah. But like Tyler, I just feel like with, with black people, he makes everything the worst of the exact worst. We never have like a redemption story. Like we don't start off great.


It's always some issues. No, that's Not true. Got us going through 1, 8, 9, 1 Right Now. Daddy's little girl. Oh that is one of my favorite movies. I don't care what y'all say. When it just runs that car into the drug dealers and he beats up that drug dealer. Amazing. And knocks Tasha Smith, them unconscious with the car and then the whole neighborhood comes out and they jump the drug dealers. Y'all out y'all damn mind. I do. Okay. When, what's the movie? Where Tamia coming to church singing when she had crack head Diary of a Met. Oh, I cried. That is not Tamia honey. Who was that? Tamia never would ever signed. Who? The young lady. Who was the young lady? I don't know. I don't know her. She was just another good actress Man. I cried when the shit that woman, that woman come in that church because her Daughter was Tiffany Adams. Yeah. Why did I get married? Is is my favorite one.


He, he, no, he got some hits. He got some, but this story I think honestly. Alright, so he had some trauma. Cory Hardrick, he had some trauma like his mom, he came from a toxic family. They lived in a trailer park and he just talked like a slave. That was the only thing I didn't like. 'cause we were still obviously in 2024. He was getting what you mean, talk like a slave. He was like, I what you going to do up without me shut? Because eyes ain't doing that. Like I'm yelling like nobody fucking like that. Shut up, up. I'm telling you. And then yo, they lived. Okay, so he was married to Megan. Good. And Megan Good lived like 90 minutes away from the mom and where they were. Right. So some parts just was like phony.


'cause he was like about to kill her father and herm. So her mother called and was like, oh my god, Megan, I forgot her name when name, but let's just say her name. Megan. Megan, come on your fa your father's about to go over there and he's gonna get himself killed. She was like, we'll be there in an hour and 15 minutes. Don't move. Excuse me. So she just seems like she was really into it. You see? So Tyler Perry, He got you's Do well. Yeah. He got you. Because you got me into it right now. I'm into it now. Hey, please tell me who the woman was that came in church singing in the, I think she was singing Father, can you hear me? In the Tyler Perry movie. I cry every time that scene. You do not cry. Y'all talking about Ain't No Redemption in Tyler Perry movies. Y'all out your mind. All right. Well I I honestly do take that back.


Ain't no redemption, but it's like, yo, help, like the Corey Hardrick in the movie, his mother made him kill his father. And that's, that didn't, that didn't happen in the movie. He just had a drunk moment where he admitted that to Megan. Good. Why not expound on that trauma Came from, we've been talking about this for four minutes and people, you and people saying that they don't like Tyler Perry movies. I'm watch it now. I'm watching it. Watch it. Exactly. You sold Me that one. I Didn't, I didn't. I said it's not as trash, it's just like, come on. I wouldn't give it a 0% at all. But it's like, come on Tyler, like please Drop on a include Balls to Tyler Perry. One of the best to ever do it. Dammit. Sold me Jess. That's right. Alright, well watch it and then come.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy? Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo. Where a father outta prison, a son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. As Family secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Walbrook. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Ever. Wolf down a Big Mac and thought I need some extra cash. Then download the drop app. Get rewarded for dining out and more use code drop two two for $5 in points. Download, drop now


To work. Tomorrow we going. That's just for the match. Alright, Charlamagne, we give you a donkey too, man. We need Ingrid Andrus to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a war with her. All right, we'll get to that next. Oh my. For what? For what? We gonna talk about it? That is so. Okay. It's the breakfast though. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. Your Mornings will never be the same. Be a ass charlamagne. Some donkey days just So themselves have been watching Charlamagne. I was ready for you. Donkey. Donkey. I ain. Never heard on donkey other day. What is it? Thomas Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, donkey. You, you're everything that Charlamagne is saying is true.


Yes. Donkey today for Wednesday, July 17th goes to Ingrid Andres. Ingrid is a country singer. And I'll be the first to tell you I know nothing about her. Okay? I did a little research and by research I mean asked meta AI about her. And it says she has been nominated for four Grammys, including best new artists in 2021. Congratulations to her. Okay? But once again, I didn't know who she was, knew nothing about her. Absolutely zero. Not a devil damn thing. But I heard about it this week when she did a performance of the Stars Spangled Banner at the MLB Home Run Derby. And she sounded like this. Let's listen. The flag was, Yeah, Okay.


Okay. Fart on that performance. Alright. Pure ass gas. All right. It was terrible. Terrible performances happened. All right. It is what it is. But what is making me bring her to the front of the congregation this morning is the fact that yesterday she took the social media to tell everybody that the reason she was terrible was because she was drunk. Let's go to Access Hollywood for the report please. Ingrid Andres is breaking her silence over her viral national anthem performance at Monday Night's Home Run Derby in Arlington, Texas. On Tuesday, the four time Grammy nominated artist released a statement on Instagram which read, I'm not gonna BS y'all. I was drunk last night. I'm checking myself into a facility today to get the help I need. That was not me last night. The 3-year-old then apologized for rendition adding, oh God, I apologize to MLB.


All the fans in this country. I love so much for that rendition. I'll let y'all know how rehab is. I hear it's super fun. XO Ingrid, what? Wow. Round of applause to social media for giving this young lady so much backlash that she decided to play the I'm checking in the rehab card. Now, I'm not downplaying her situation. She probably does have a drinking problem. I just think it's interesting that it took you ruining the Star Spangled Banner and getting backlash from social media to realize it. Now f all that. All right. You don't get to go to rehab just because you had a bad performance. If that's the case since 1987, it should have been countless people checking into rehabs all across America for getting booed off Showtime at the Apollo. Okay. In all our days, we never ever heard someone say, I did. The Apollo got booed, Sandman kicked me off the stage, and now I'm in rehab.


No. Being drunk is not an excuse for ruining the Star Spangled Banner. Two of the best renditions of the Star Spangled Banner were Marvin Gaye and Whitney Houston icons musical legends. Once in a generational talents, God-given vocal musical abilities. Let me hear a little bit of Marvin Gaye real quick. Come on. How you make it sexy? How you turn the star Spangled Banner Sexy. You can feel God in the building.


When Marvin Gaye opened his mouth, let me get a little bit of the late great Whitney Houston, My God tr on include bombs from Marvin and Whitney. They did a different level of justice to the national anthem. Okay? If America handled black people the way Marvin Gay and Whitney Houston handled the star spanked banner, we would be all right. Now the reason I played both of them, in light of everything we know about Marvin and Whitney, now, they both was probably on some high power too. Okay? Big cocaine probably hit a line before they went out there.


Marvin Gaye war shaves through the whole performance. That tells me all I need to know. Whitney said, get high hit, high notes all adds up to me. That's why I'm not buying the Ingrid Andres, I was drunk. Okay, now I need to go to rehab. Excuse you just sucked. It happens. And now you are just another person who has to join the choir of folks who have ruined the Star Spangled Banner. It's you and of course Fergie. Let's listen to Fur and The Rock through the night.


That part sound like somebody put a cat in the microwave. Somebody threw a cat in the microwave for three minutes. Let's not forget Roseanne Ball either. Oh, Say can you say, Come on Last Week. That's Roseanne bar. She has somewhere to go. I'm gonna tell you something. This is just a charmagne the God observation. Okay? Based off those national anthems we just played. Whitney Houston, Marvin Gaye Fergie, Roseanne Barr. And then you think about Ingrid Andrews, I've come to the conclusion that white people just simply don't love America.


Okay? That is the only logical conclusion I could come up with. Okay? White people don't love America the way they think, the way they think they do. Okay? If, you had to base who loves America more based on how the Star Spangled Banner is saying it's black people. And it's not even close. You can't find me a black person who has ruined the Star Spangled Banner. You can't find one And the Rockets. Who is that? Oh, I'll make up for it now. For the land, the free, Oh my goodness. Was that called Lewis? Yes, That was called Lewis. He don't count. He was an athlete. Olympic track style. That's right. I don't know why they had an athlete singing the Star Spangled Band in the first place. He said, I'll make it up.


Okay. And besides Carl Lewis didn't use drugs to represent his country and sing, he used drugs to represent his country and run. Bet you ain't got no more. You ain't got no more black people ruining the Star Spangled Band. You can't find no more can you For the Close to this. We was that flavor. That is strange. That's Cool. Flavor Fla. Flavor Fla. He don't count. He He's A hype man. Okay. Why would they have a hype man sing this The Star Spangled Banner. Okay. Oh boy. And besides, he didn't run the rehab after he messed up the Star Spangled Banner.


He's already done his years of rehab. Okay. Anyway, back to the moral of the story. The moral of the story. The moral of the story. Just give Ingrid Andrews the sweet sounds of the Hamilton. Oh, Now you the doggy of the day. You the doggy of the day. Heehaw You know You. You, you hear the Hamiltons. You Should get angry Ingrid to sign Now. I bet. I bet all of them have bartenders that make them drinks to drink. Okay. And they drunk 'em and got drunk. But you won't catch them slipping on those vocals. Nope. No ma'am. No sir. Mm. Okay. Are you serious?


Yo, she told the damn truth. What did y'all want her to lie? I'm happy that she was like I was drunk. She was, she ain't had to say she went. Exactly. You ain't gotta go to rehab. No, the rehab is fun. Yes, I'm Drunk. She don't need to go to rehab though. She need to call. Why did they pick her? She need to call Tank and Jay Valentine to go to vocal training. That's what she needs to do. Okay. All right. All right. Well thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. Now If, you just joining us earlier, we interviewed Keith Robinson, comedian, one of Kevin Hart's mentors. And he was talking about a situation he had one time when he went out on a date and before he went out on a date, he told a young lady that Yo You know we we going to do this if, if we go on this date, let's listen.


This girl called me from New York, she was in Philly. She said, Keith, come to Philadelphia and let's go to a restaurant and get something to eat. I said, wow, I'm coming from New York. I'm not coming for no reason. She said, no, I got it. So we go to Red Lobster, that's where Red Lobster, what the And I go there. She's eating belching. Right? I said, well, we gonna go to this hotel. She said, no, I got a headache. I said, oh, okay. And she goes, I said, order dessert, I'm going to the bathroom. I'm right back down in my car and drove home. Was I wrong? All right, well let me tell you about this.


Keith Robinson had two strokes. So That's the funny, the funniest part of that story is he said she was eating and belching Eating belching. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Keith went on his date with this young lady. He was actually in New York. The young lady was in Philly. So he drove from New York to Philly, which is an hour and a half drive. Before he did the drive, he called a young lady, said, look, if I make this drive, You know what I want At the end of the night. She said, okay. They went to dinner after dinner. Well, he said, well, can I get a hotel? She was like, no, I have a headache. So he said, all right, order dessert. When she ordered dessert, he went to the bathroom. But he really drove back home. So the question 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is Keith Robinson wrong? That is the question.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Before he drove out to Philly, he asked her, he said, look, if I take this drive, You know what I want. And she said, okay. At the end of dinner she said, I have a headache. Well, he said, okay, no doubt I'm out. Damnit, how many times you gonna repeat the story? Just making sure. I mean he had to. I'm so glad he translated To but twice we got it the first time. Envy all, damn. The man had two strokes. You gotta repeat the story two times. We got it after the first time. Absolutely hate this place. I hate this place. Hell call us Something. This is the breakfast. I hate y'all man. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now If, you just joining us. We interview comedian Keith Robinson who has a, a Netflix special out right now called Different Stroke.


Now while he was on, he was telling us a story about he was in New York and he had a girl in Philly that reached out to him and You know he wanted to take her to dinner. But he said, if I drive to Philly, just You know what I want at the end of the dinner. And she said, okay. So at the end of the dinner, You know she, she ate all the food. He was like, yo, should I get the hotel? And she was like, no, I have a headache. So he responded, okay, order dessert. And when she ordered dessert, he went to the bathroom but really left. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Was Keith wrong? Let's start with you Jess. Was he wrong? Was this pre-stroke or post-stroke? Does it matter? Yeah, It was pre-stroke. I just, this was pre-stroke. I just wanted to know why, why Does it matter? And he was younger too, clearly because he said it was back in the day when Red Lobster was like the thing, you remember when we all thought Red Lobster was like the thing was popping.


I still love Red Lobster. When we used to be like that was fine dining back in the Day. And Sydnee just let us know that there's only two red lobsters in Philly and she's been to both of 'em. But You know she's been to both of 'em. Okay. Damn. Okay. So she was done eating. This was at the end? Yes. Okay. Well I the reason why he did tell her, he did tell her I don't think he's completely wrong. First of all, I why are you driving 90 minutes to get some ass anyway? You crazy. But anyway, nine, I mean you, you, you didn't pay the bill. Like I, I don't like that you didn't pay the bill. You could have put put out on the side of rule. You coulda did anything still left. I told her not to get in your car. Whatever. You didn't pay the bill. I'm, I'm, I'm not mad at that though.


I, I'm, he should have paid his part of it because, 'cause like If he's going out there for something and they agreed upon it, I'm gonna take you to dinner and we gonna get a hotel. And now when I get there, you just eat my, you just eat denim. Just one like you try to play me, I would pay for my part of it. But what did he say to her? How did she say she had a headache? I, I didn't he say to her like, are you ready to go smash or you ready to go to the telly? And she said, yeah, but I have a headache. Like basically it's not gonna happen. I have a headache. Not no, tell first of All, I already know what I agreed upon. And if we had real lobster, you don't have to ask me that. I'm leaving with you all right. Like I know I'm, I'm gonna jump off. But don't treat me like one in public. You don't have to ask me like double down on already be going back to the tell. 'cause you just ate real good and you've been burping. You ready to go smash?


Let's talk about it in the car on the way like Uhuh, I don't like it. And, I don't like how he presented that even before the bill was paid. God Damn. And also too man, yeah If, you go to Red Lobster and eat a lot, you gonna get a headache 'cause it's You know a lot of sodium, a lot of sodium in that food. Right. I'm just saying. Okay. So you think he was right or wrong? I I definitely think he was wrong. I I'm, I like his honesty. He told her I'm not driving up there if we ain't smashing. But I, I think he was wrong for that. She was dumb for saying she had a headache. But I think he's, I mean, I don't know if there's a right or wrong here. I don't like the fact he walked out on the bill like This part the first came worse. Yeah, that's stealing You know what I'm saying? But You know. And then you left her having to, having to fit the bill.


But I mean, nah, he, he, he, he told her exactly what it is he wanted and, And maybe he was going to get it, but he did too much before the bill came. That's true too that he didn't see it. That's what I was thinking. He didn't see it all the way through You know. Yeah, That was Because she probably, he might have just said that. Yeah, no I gotta hit it. Right. She might have said it because he pressed up on her damn boy, you ain't pay the bill. What if I wanted a piece of cheesecake or like what if I wanted like a dessert? He did tell her that. He did say, oh dessert, he left. You right. Say let's go, let's go to the jury. Hello? Who's this? Hey Ken, what's good Vy Keno, what's up? We in Breakfast Club Court. What's your Thoughts brother Keno think he was absolutely right. Yeah, he absolutely right. You know I'm right. You know Charlamagne. Come on man. You don't call, you don't call a man all the way from pa Hey he coming to New York.


That's gas, that's extra money and you don't give him no ass. Come on man. Cut the cap. But That's but she was going to do that. Hey Jess, what's up? Yo, What's up? Yo, he, he did too much. He asked him before he even paid the bill. Alright. Yeah. So yeah. You, you still Going? Yeah, that's my only thing. He should have saw it all the way through like make sure you ain't getting nothing. But Maybe she was on the yawning like, oh, I'm so tired. Yeah, But she just, she probably acting like that on probably like, I don't want him to think I'm too easy You know what I Mean? But he just drove 90 minutes. Like All I did was get some little crab and greenie Alfredo. Like I don't want him to just think he can just get some, buy me some Red Lobster. And. I was just gonna give it to him. I'm gonna give it to you. But You know, act like you want it a little bit more And. I don't just want you to think it's too easy. He should have saw it all the way through.


Like in my opinion, pay the bill, take it to the house. Get in front of the house like you sure you don't want me to come up. You really got a headache. All right, cool. I feel Like he ain't got no damn game. Miriam, Hi. Hey, good morning girl. What's your thoughts? Good Morning. So I feel like she probably ate the food, probably had a little high blood pressure and got a headache when he, when he talked to her initially she was gain, but then after she went to Red Lobster, You know they have a tendency to overseas in their food. That's sodium. They finally got A little Headache. That's right. The sodium level's crazy. But He just spent 90 minutes On The road and he bought, he was supposed to buy the Food. No, man, you're not listening to what this young lady said.


This young lady is saying some real stuff. Talk, tell, tell him about that high blood pressure. Ma'am. That high blood pressure is real. Should have took it to Walgreens somewhere. Checked her high blood pressure. Got her straight in her obesity powder or something. He gave up too easily. Oh my God. Like he didn't care about her wellbeing. Do you hit on him? Do you hit a jewels? This woman just gave y'all what? Y you don't even realize the game you just gave A woman say she got a headache after y'all done went to some fast food place and You know them. Sodium levels high. Let's go check your blood pressure baby. Okay? Yes. You gotta show me you care You know what I'm saying? Yeah, exactly. Don't just leave me there like that. That's not right. That ain't cool. You How old are you og? She's over 40.


How old are you og? She 40? Actually I'm 39. I'll be 40 in December. You know. Oh, she she's right there. But she's, she's at the, she's at the blood pressure checkpoint. Right. You know what I mean? This is back in the day when he probably like, he wasn't checking your blood pressure 24 25. You Weren't. But that, that she giving the young boys games. Giving the young Game games. You, you gotta put up, you don't give up. The moral of the story is keep the calls. You never know how to have the end of the night that's gonna egg. Show me a little love. Show me you care. What's my blood pressure go down. Oh my goodness. Good. It's On. So Miriam, you're telling me that these young boys should carry condoms and blood pressure tests It, something like that or know where the nearest corner story is. That's right. You Going to Walgreens out?


Yeah, we ain't taking, it's 2024. We not taking excuses. We going all the way. I Love it. Okay, you go to Walgreens, go to cvs. That's actually fun. Let's go to Walgreens. Before your Date, you go to Walgreens, check your blood pressure. No man, listen. If, if the girl say she got a headache, You. know what I'm saying? Then you go to Walgreens CVS, you go sit in that little corner, put your arm in the little sleeve thing, check your blood pressure. Oh baby, your blood pressure a little high. Like she said, get her a little BC powder that, that, that woman will be in love with you. Even If she say you, I got headache. All right, I got ibuprofen. Let's, let's stop at the store. I got you real quick. You. know what I'm saying? See through it like you ain't even trying for it. So suggest if God take, if God take you out, I'm be like, you got a little headache, let's go to CVS and check your blood pressure right past You think that's sexy? Yeah. Like if I, if I told you if I agreed to smash you.


You just bought me Red Lobster. I'm like, okay. Yeah, he do care a little bit. Okay, thank you. Like You know I, yeah, I tell, I can tell that he actually care and that maybe even if I am just a jump off, he, he is working for the, the P 90 now. Like he not just like all No, look, you ain't smashed, you just ate my food run on the bill. Okay. Like that's why, that's why I was asking was it before or after the stroke? Because what if somebody do that to him now after two stroke? Like What? You know what? That's my stop. 805 8 5 45 1. We're talking about Keith Robinson. We're asking, was Keith wrong? We're in Breakfast Club Court. He went out with a, on a date with a young lady. He was in New York. The young lady was in Philly. So it was a 90 minute drive when he, before he went, he said, Hey, You know what I want after.


And she said, okay. They went to dinner. After dinner, she said, Hey, You know what, it's not gonna happen. I have a headache. Damn It. I haven't damn it. Envy we know the start. So, Yeah. But, but no, no Envy is leaving out a really good clue that she didn't just say that. He said, are you ready to go back to the telly? You ready to go to the telly now? Like we, he actually made another, like, he had a double down on it to make sure he was getting it. And that probably turned her off if she really didn't have a headache. And she probably was like, no, I got a headache now. That's It. So he, he said order dessert and he left. Was he wrong? Was he foul for that? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast, Club. DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club nephew. Just joining us, we're talking, we were talking to Keith Robinson earlier today and he was telling us a story and we're asking was he wrong? We let Keith Robinson break it down. Here's the story. This girl called me from New York, she was in Philly. She said, Keith, come to Philadelphia and let's go to a restaurant and get something to eat. I said, wow, I'm coming from New York. I'm not coming for no reason. She said, no, I, I got it. So we go to Red Lobster. That's Red Lobster. What the And I go there, she's eating belching. Right. I said, well we gonna go to this hotel. She said, no, I ain't got a headache.


I said, oh, okay. And I said order the dessert. I'm going to the bathroom. I mean right back down in my car and drove home. Was I wrong? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello BUAs. Hey, what's up? What's up BUAs? Yeah, I just kind of feel like he could have just stayed and probably made her pay for the dinner because even when he called and asked her and she was like, You know what I want after, like she probably was just going to pay for the meal. He could have just, he could have let her paid for the mail and then just left after that. But he did or got some gas money out of it. He did take a long drive, but he could have stuck it out until the end to see like what was going to happen. Like she probably just was lying. She probably just was saying, I got ahead to see where his two intentions was, but he could have stuck it out to the end.


I like that Buka. Yeah. You like Boogie. What that I don't know what that is. What you mean? Don't worry. Didn't know he don't What you Mean? You wants to know If you like, but Well, you, I'm cracking up Charlie baby. Did you have some slides on at work today? It's how you already with those slides at work. You know. You Know. I got my slides on right now. B because you flirting with 'em. Oh. I don't really like dark skin. Okay. I know that. I just wanted But you like bki though. I I like jazz. Hey just baby, I love you. Hey baby, I love you too. Trying. Thank you. I mean Whatever. I would think it's funny that somebody named Bunk is like Ky s like what's wrong with you? Like bunk? He not the the one? No, he's the one doing the No, he not the one doing the bending is what That means.


He not doing the bending. Yeah, but he's not bottom. Hello? Yo. Yo. What's your name bro? Damo. Damo. What's up? What's your opinion? Damo. So he's definitely not wrong because she knew what it was when she signed up. It's not like he pulled one over on her. He let her know from the jump what it was. So he had the right to do the dipsey doodles respectfully. Okay. He got the right to do his what? Yeah, because she knew what it was. It's not like he sprung it on her. She said that's I'm coming out here for a reason. And she knew what that reason was. So she wanted Rene on her side so he could Rene on his side. I just don't think she reneged. I just think that he just didn't see it all the way through. I think he just You know she wanted to make him work a little bit.


And I don't see the problem with it. Eric. Hello? Yeah, I'm here brother. Hey, what's up man? What, what's your thoughts? So my thoughts is man, the brother, the brother let her know what, what was going on. I'm gonna drive up there, we're gonna go get this room, I'm gonna pay for the, for the meal. Everything's gonna be good. And You know she tried to play him when he got there. You know somebody had to be played You, know what I mean? So, nah, he wasn't wrong 'cause he got played from the jump. He got played from the jump for driving up there You know what I'm saying? Mean Y'all not listening to Jess? He no, he plead himself for driving up there. She ain't make him drive up there. She agreed. Nah, she didn't make him, but she agreed to the terms. She agreed. Yo, they wasn't even at the room yet.


Like the building hadn't even come yet. Like you don't ask are you ready to go back to the, But just imagine now. But just imagine he would've got that hotel room. They get in the room and she said I got a headache and go to sleep. So now he out the 90 minute drive the food, the hotel, He probably needed to sleep anyway. He don't need to drive all the way back to New York or Philly. Take your ass to sleep and get on the road in the morning. Yeah. Y'all not listening to the ladies. Every lady that has called up here has said You know, just give it a minute. You gotta see things through. The man didn't see it through. What's the moral of the story? The moral of the story is Red Lobster does call, have a lot of sodium in his food. And I think that y'all need to listen to that woman who called up here and said, If, you have a headache. Take the woman or the man that you with to go freaking get their blood pressure checks, see if they blood pressure high, get 'em some BC powder and then see what happens.


That was great sound advice. And another piece of advice, and we talked about it with Keith Robinson here. And you, he, you hear TK Kirkland say it, you hear Sherry s say it, you get to a certain age, you gotta date somebody who can tell the signs of a stroke. Alright, That's it. Alright, Well thank you. I think the other moral of the story is don't drive 90 minutes for no ass, unless you already had it before or unless she a girl. Jess You know this bro. This brother's out there. I'm sure that that drive 3, 4, 5, 6 hours. That's somebody they meet on, on internet on, I mean on the internet and dms. I'm sure, Man, you got girls that fly thousands of miles. Okay. They get on that Southwest, use that little buddy pass and take they ass right there to go see somebody.


They met in they dms. That's, and furthermore, y'all do know high blood pressure leads the stroke, right? We do. All of this comes back to stroke. Y'all just need to take care of yourself. That's what I see in it. We see he had two of 'em. Yes. So he gotta gotta stop doing all this driving. Oh, I told him vagina ruined his life. Yeah man, Jesus. Alright, well We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Oh my God. Okay. All right. We'll get to that next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spell nobody.


Worldwide. Worldwide. On The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see Something.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start one with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just five point percent interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Overspending on Amazon. Earn while you shop with drop Earn rewards on every purchase online or in store. Download, drop now and use code. Drop one one to get $5 in points. Get rewarded for shopping today


And understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. Joe Jellybean Bryant passed away. That's Kobe Bryant's dad. He was 69 years old. And I just found out about this actually yesterday that he was actually a, a former basketball player too. He was the first round pick to the Golden State Warriors in 75. Then he played for the 76 ERs, the Clippers and the Rockets before heading overseas. He was reportedly battling health issues and suffered a sever, a severe stroke. Kobe's wife Vanessa shared her condolences on social media and people were not happy about it.


People were not happy about anything, but they weren't happy about it because Kobe, in their opinion, You know and what from what they know about the past, Kobe really wasn't that tight with his parents. And that was something that was out there publicly. And it was rumored that their relationship was strained because they didn't like Vanessa. However, she sent the condolences. I find nothing wrong with this post. She said, sending our condolences upon hearing the news of my father-in-law's passing. We hope things could have been different. Although times we spent together were few. He was also sweet. He was always sweet and nice to be around. Kobe loved him very much. Our prayers go out to the family so that that, that also Kobe's relationship with his parents didn't only stem from them not liking his wife allegedly.


But something that definitely impacted their relationship was when his parents attempted to auction off his high school memorabilia without his consent in 2013. So, and then in an interview with ESPN, Kobe admitted, I relationship is ish. I say, I'm going to buy you a very nice home. And the response is, that's not good enough. Then you're selling my itch. So Vanessa's reportedly very close with Kobe's sister. I don't know if it's Sharia or Sharia, but If, you close with one of the sisters You. know what I'm saying? I I imagine that her condolences message was in good faith. That was still her father as well. Yeah. Was still a kid's grandfather. Absolutely. And then the kid, I was already saying the kid's grandparents.


So, but of course when things get hit, the internet, the negative just swarms And, and and we, we don't know these people for real. All we get is like little glimpses, our little pieces of information here and there. We don't know these people day to day. Yeah. Yeah. But that's the problem with like somebody like Kobe's a superstar. People love him and they follow his life. So when they hear rumors or stories that You know the parents are not effing with Kobe or Kobe not effing with the parents. People mind their business too much. You don't know if they made up. You don't know if they, if it got to a better place. You don't know them people day to day. Oh, I was gonna say, even with him even saying that to ESPN back in the day, we don't know if it if they actually reconciled or Right. You know. Were better You know before his passing.


So the moral Of the story is we just don't know them. People for real. That's Okay. Damn. Don't. Alright. We Heard You know, I'm sorry. I know you wanted to love them, but we don't know them People for real. I love them. I don't, we don't know them. Like we get too invested in people that we really don't know. That's really what the moral of the story is. And we tell, we try to tell 'em about their life. No, the moral, like how can you, like, how can Vanessa post something and then people start attacking Vanessa. You don't know them people. You ain't really Like him. No. How do You know? You don't know. That's You know them people at all. That's my kids. That's the kid's Grandfather. You know real Morrie. The moral of the store story is his father died. So That's right. And rest in peace. And we're sending prayers to That's right. Anyway, Drake's Toronto mansion flooded and this has been surfacing.


Did, did y'all see all that water that was in that man house in Toronto? I did crazy. He shared a video of it and it was like brown rainwater. It was rushing through his house. The caption on the video said this better be espresso martini. I don't know how you make a joke about that, but that was like a, a river in his house. Yeah. It wasn't just like, it was like feet and feet going through his home. Canada is experiencing major flooding after three storms. Toronto got almost four inches of rain just on Tuesday breaking a more than 80-year-old record. So that's crazy. That's a lot of rain. Y'all mean You Ain't been all over the The. World. Y'all may not wanna believe this, but Kendrick Kendrick sent that rain. Shut up man.


Y'all ain't, y'all ain't saying that on social media. I heard Kendrick sent rain. Not kenrick sent rain. You know. Didn't say that yet. They ain't get to that. They ain't get to that. No. He is not playing with no weather. Don't stop getting, giving him all his power. Stop it. But all that air look like nasty water all through the house. It was how much damage that was. And, and the furniture's ruined. The floors are ruined. Yeah, He, he got, he got money. Oh, you, He gonna be all right. He got money. Hey yo. He going All right, you're a clown. Anyway. Dr. Umar also questions Drake. Why? Because the water was No. Yeah, Water was brown. The water was brown. Why I gotta be brown water.


Why, why? What? Why? That's something that he would say, but no, that's not what he said. He shared a video asking Drake to clarify his blackness. That's what he said. And for my brother, Drake, I need you to clarify whether or not you are a black man. Some people are claiming my brother Drake, who I love and respect some people, is claiming that you embrace a mixed race identity. That you do not embrace a black first identity. Maybe we can have a sit down when I come to Toronto October 5th and sixth. Some people believe you only claim black when it's convenient. I've never seen you do that. But I don't follow you that closely. But my concern with my brother Drake, you've been at the forefront for a long time. And we should clearly know what you identify as.


Are you black all the time or are you black some of the time because If, you are only black some of the time. I'm here to tell you, you are not black any of the time. Damn. I I I personally believe we know Drake is of mixed Race. Correct? Right. We know this Jewish and black. So Dr. Omar should be saying, bro, just like how you gotta say n when you addressing somebody who's half black, you should be just saying bro. Yeah, but not bro Drake, when You sit down, but what's the, what's the problem if he den it's You know his mother is Jewish and he, if he celebrates that side and then he celebrates the side of his dad who's black. What's, what's wrong with that? But that was the thing that, that's also what Dr. Amar went on to say when he was at The Breakfast Club. His desire for the clarification probably came from when you was talking about him and being, let's hear what he said.


He's always claimed his Jewishness always Yes. Yes. He's always claimed. Yeah, he's always claimed that. Yes. Okay. So he's always been unapologetic about the Jewishness. Absolutely correct. But not necessarily unapologetic about being black. I Haven't heard that. Then He needs to clarify that. I think I would need drinking to clarify that for me. I think it's been both you you think, I think he's been black, but he's also said that he's Jewish. I don't have a problem with him saying that. 'cause he don't have to renounce his mother to be a black man. You follow what I'm saying? But I need him to be unapologetic about his blackness and if he's more unapologetic about being Jewish than he is about being African than I can't consider him one of us. Man, when I told Dr. Uma that Drake had said Kendrick be rapping, like he wanted to set the slaves free and Uma had never heard that.


Oh God. And we God was so pissed. The disappointment in his eye. He was tight. I he was totally against it. He was so tight. Oh my God. Oh man. Damn. Well that shit just put the mess for today. Alright, Thank you Jess. I just wanna tell you guys, I think Prime You know they have the sales on Amazon Prime and they still go on for today. So If, you get a chance. Go on there and get your sales If. you need to, the biggest and biggest thing sold was lotion. Yeah. 'cause people would be ashy and go watch Divo in Black too Red. Our op said he saw it and he loved it. You Know he's Puerto Rican Or whatever, so we Can't, I thought it was a good movie. I'm, I'm not lie, did you I thought it was good, but I bet because we not talking about chip people Bomb for Tyler Perry Damnit.


Okay. Alright. I'm gonna be on a Stephen Colbert show tonight too. I just wanna throw that out there. I'm gonna be on there. Congratulations at 1130. I think they come on 1130. Yeah. It's a live show tonight, right after the Republican National Convention. So I'll be on there on CBS. So check your local listings. All right, well let's get to the mix it. The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now we got a salute to Keith Robinson for joining us this morning. Man. Salute to the Good Brother Keith Robinson. Man, make sure you go check out his Netflix special Different Strokes, which is screaming on Netflix right now. Correct? Correct. And If, you don't know who that was. Of course. Comedian, he's Kevin Hart's mentor.


So definitely check It out. Big Mentor You know If. you read Kevin Hart's book. You Can't Make this up. That was his memoir. That was his first book actually. He talks about Keith so much in that book and he actually put out Keith's special back in the day in 2015. He had a special called Back of the Bus. Funny that Kevin Hart presented. So yeah, he's definitely one of Kevin Hart's mentors. Help Kevin Hart get back on his feet after You know Things didn't work out for Kevin Hollywood the first time. Right. So go check the interview out. Absolutely. And also we gotta salute to our very own OVO. Who's one of the producers up here? OVO Eli is his name and today is his birthday. Flew to OVO, Eli. Happy birthday Eli.


He's the person who every day wakes up thinking about blowing out Drake's candle. That Is a fact. He's, he has every day he wears something. OVO whether it's t-shirt, hat, underwear, socks or sneakers. A chain. Yeah, a chain. And today they got him some balloons that say OV hoe. Yeah. He wanted, I mean he's definitely a OV hoe. I mean, he's one of those people that like right now to this day, don't think Drake lost to Kendrick. Correct. Like that's the type of person he is. Like it's actually a level of delusion. That's kind of sad. Damn. But happy birthday OVO Eli. We don't give Drake enough credit though. Drake really made the owl famous. Yo. The like, the only other brand that could make that made owls as famous as Drake did is Tootsie Row. And I.


Think Drake made the Owl more famous than the Tootsie Row. Mm. It's Tootsie Row, not Tootsie. Whatever. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Tootie Roll. Remember when they used to had him commercial with the owl sucking on the Tootie roll pop? I do, I do. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Drake made the Owl way more famous than the T Row. I just thought about it. 'cause O Eli got an owl on his shirt today. Per usual. Yeah. Mm. But when we come back, positive notice of Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now tonight. Charlamagne, you gonna be on Steve Colbert? Yes. I'm gonna be on Stephen Colbert tonight. He has a live show. He, I think he's been doing live shows all week after the Republican National Convention. So he is got a live show after tonight's Republican national convention.


And I'm gonna be a guest on there talking about my new book. Get Honest to Die Lying. Why Small Talk Sucks, which is available everywhere you buy books Now, And, I'm sure we'll get into You, know all the going, going on of the Republican national convention as well. So is Trump speaking tonight or tomorrow? Trump speaks tomorrow. Tomorrow. Food to my guy Stephen Colbert. My, my South Carolina Brad Dre. All right. Yes. And Jess, you right My Yeah, I'm good. I know. Yeah, I am. Look like You have contractions right now. I'm just asking. Yes, I was. Yo, so my grandmother won a book, right? She want one of your books haw, right? I got 'em, but this, nah, this the one with dementia. So she want a book, but I told her she was having like an episode, right?


So I, I told her, I kept telling her I was gonna get her one, but she asked me again last night. Did, did you get the book? I want one. This books And. I was like, yeah, I gave it to you. I already read it. She was like, oh my god. Damn. Why Would you lie to that woman? Like, you foul? Yo, yo, You wrong. Yo you foul. Why would you do that? You Was foul. You stupid. Yo, I was messing with, I was like, damn, you don't remember what it was about? You already read it. She was like, oh my. Don't tell him that. Don't tell him that that Is wrong. You were wrong. Yo. Stuff like that gets you on hell waiting list. I'm telling you right now. I I know, I know, I know, I know, I understand. Just on the waiting list. Okay, I'm gonna still give, I'm gonna still give it to her, but I just had to play with her real quick. She was like, oh my God, no, I forgot.


I'm like, yeah, yo, what you doing? You better go get to that book for Satan, send you that email talking about, would you like to confirm your reservation? Yo, you are crazy. Now I'm gonna give it to, I just wanna see if it was gonna work. I just, I ain't know. You got a positive note? I do have a positive note, man. I just wanna talk to y'all about accountability this morning. Okay? We are all accountable for our actions. All right? They're effect and influence on our lives and the lives of others. Understanding the true meaning of accountability makes us strong and it enables and it enables us to learn. So always be accountable. All right, breakfast Club bitches. You, I'm finished or y'all Done@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds and a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member Finra, And. I, PIC. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if You know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic one. I can, I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's up y'all? Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Heitz. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories, a podcast presented by iHeartRadio, Ruby Studios and Intuit QuickBooks. Join us as we speak with small business owners about the tools they use to turn their ideas into success From finding that initial spark of entrepreneurship to organizing payments and invoices. We've got you covered. So follow and listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with Zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior, Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.