
Hey, Welcome to the Cooper Residence, Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised she put my name first. Come on in.


From the brains behind the Big Bang Theory, And, young Sheldon, CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved, familiar folks. I am so glad. That, you. And. C. C are here. And, Georgie AT a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And. Mandy's first marriage Premier. CBS Tonight. Eight seven Central And Streaming on Paramount Plus.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air Bud I would describe It. It very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear And. Then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere. 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, And, just make life easier. And seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like That without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for More.


I'm Julie Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski And. We are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details. And, honestly, just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times. From legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules. New episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on. Dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, 5-year-old Cuban boy Elian Gonzalez was found off the coast of Florida. And. The question was, should the boy go back to his father in Cuba? Mr Gonzalez wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with Him or stay with his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died, trying to get you to freedom. Listen to Chefs Peace, the El Gonzalez story on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I. Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise know if you haven't already figured. It out The Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers publicist, Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Culture choa, yet listen to Lost Culture Chota on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Jess is on maternity leave. What up, Laura? La Rosa. Good morning, Charlemagne. Gap. Peace to the planet. It's Thursday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I. Feel blessed. Black And. Highly favored. Happy to be here for another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Good morning. It's a Thursday. Yes. The weekend is almost here. Almost Friday. I mean the weekend here. If you want It to be, I mean. It's Thursday, Friday, tomorrow. So it's just like, Yo, Thursday starts the weekend. It's Thursday. Thursday. know Of course. When? When are you not thirsty? Okay. It thirsty. Thursday. I'm so happy we're reunited, guys.


Mojito Monday. It's been two days. Tequila Tuesday. Since We've all been in here. Wine Wednesday. And endured the trauma. That happens to the right of Me. That. See Thursday. Okay. The Brown skin Brother in the Lauren don't need a reason. No. Right? Nope. Not AT all. Why are you disclosing My personal account? And. You're gonna be AT A. What's the, you gonna be with the holes this weekend? North Carolina. A And T greatest homecoming on Earth. I said the I I. I kept getting A-G-H-O-E wrong. So They, they've been DMing me all day. You Mean kept Getting It wrong? I got the ho wrong. I said, greatest homecoming of I. Don't even know On Earth. You kept saying the ho. No. I didn't say That. I said something else. But it's greatest homecoming on Earth. Oh, Know. Greatest homecoming on Earth? I thought. I heard you say G. Hoes You know. I had called out the wrong ho. So the Oh my Goodness. Either way, the ho gonna be in North Carolina this weekend.


According the Lord, the ho are not gonna be in North Carolina. The prestigious graduate to That. Beautiful. HBCU will be there. We're gonna have A great time. Be out there. That's right. Salute to North Carolina. A And T. We gonna be partying. It up all weekend long. Shout to Terrance. J Terrance J actually graduated from there. So we gonna be hanging out with my bro. Terrance j Fred And, the whole know you Gonna be there all weekend too. Yes. Okay. know me. And Sim are going tomorrow too. Know we gonna be there all weekend long. There's a lot going on. We gonna have fun, Charlotte. You should Come. Never. My cousin Terrance McNeil went to North Carolina. A And T too. Did know. That's who? That's who's he's, he's helped. That's who helped bring me into the situation. Him And Fred. Okay. know. So salute to North Carolina a And T. Of course. It is homecoming season. So salute to all the HBCUs. All the homecomings. I. Think Howard is this weekend, right?


I. Think somebody said Howard this week, This same weekend. No. I thought, but it's not Clark this weekend. You know. Clark is now know. So Clark is happening this weekend. And I seen Jeezy performing last night. So I just love the homecoming season. So salute to all the homecomings. And. It's also Halloween season. Which one? The vice president going to I. Thought the vice president said They. Were going on a homecoming tour. She's Probably gonna Howard. Oh, Okay. And then. Didn't you say it's probably gonna be some surrogates? I told y'all That wasn't gonna happen. Why would They hype them kids up? Like That You know, Right? Hype gonna pop up. She's the Vice And Show. Y'all You know what It takes for the, for the vice president to show places And. They shouldn't have released That. Miss, like That. we should announced know They shouldn't have released That Lease. They're excited about a lot in college. Fried chicken. Surrogates chicken, soul food. Wednesdays or Thursdays, depending on what school you go to.


And. If the president coming, What? It just takes a lot. I. Mean I. Just, we just saw It in Detroit. Tuesday. Blocks get locked down. I mean locked down. It's a lot. That goes into That, but it's in Dc. Howards And, dc So they're used to That Know you. Wouldn't I mean I? Just I. Just feel like It would be such an inconvenience to the students. And, the alumni And, everybody. That comes. If you really, really think about It, It would, depending on where It is on campus, because you got thousands, And, thousands, And, thousands of kids pulling up. They would have to have all types of areas where people can walk through They, do sweeps perform. Sweep Envy is it's homecoming week. They're not Are They are They in class? Like, what else are They doing? You know. Gotta protect the President. And, the vice president. I'm saying though, Howard is in C. They're like law enforcement. There is used to Kamala moving around. Now. You haven't been To Howard Homecoming.


Yes, It's insane. I have I went last year. And about I produced a show. Actually, you can go watch It on Scapes. YouTube channel. And I produced a show. And. We went to Howard University. But you see how crazy It is on campus? And. They don't really have a campus. Their, their campus is like Open Streets And. Now And think the More heightened because You know you've already had two assassination attempts on Donald Trump. Plus you get all, all these, what's, what's the other word? It's not attempts, but people warning That. They're gonna do something to the Trumps And. The comp threats. The vice president of the World Threats. There you go. Yes. You know. So yes, It wouldn't be the easiest thing. You should understand. know what? Need a hologram in the sky. The ho. That's all y'all need little hologram. That's crazy. Ever waved down on y'all You know They Was excited. That's crazy. My goodness.


All right, we, let's get the show. Crack And. We got Front page News. No. Oh, sister Soldier, we, we gonna play Sister Soldier. Okay, we, sister Soldier will be here this morning as we can. Sister Soldier will be joining us this morning. She's actually gonna be on Zoom because she actually lives in Dubai now. So know she Sister Soldier know Love After midnight will be re it's gonna be released on November 12th. So we're gonna talk to Sister Soldier about That And. We got front page news with Morgan Woods. So don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ Envy. Jess Aria. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling And for Jess. Let's getting some front page news. All right. Major League Baseball. Last night, the Dodgers beat the Mets eight zero They lead. The series two one, the Liberty beat, the Links They came back. They're leaving That series 80 77.


They. Were down by like 14 AT one point, but They came back tonight. The Yankees play AT five And. The Mets play AT 8 0 8 And Thursday night Football. The Broncos take on the Saints. What up Morgan? By the way, That Liberty game was fantastic. Yes. Great Game. That's what I was gonna say. What up man? Man, great Game. They came back. Sabrina Anes. She crazy. Clutch. Big clutch. All Right, know. So let's, let's go ahead. And, get into It. Speaking of Clutch, everybody wants to talk about the Fox interview with Kamala Harris. But before I get into That, let's talk about what's going on with former president Donald Trump. He is being confronted over claims. He made That Haitian migrants in Ohio were eating cats, And dogs. He did That. So AT, a Univision Town Hall.


That happened yesterday. One member asked if Trump really believed the statement to which Trump replied That. He was saying things he heard in the news. Let's hear More from former President Trump. This was just reported. I was re, I was just saying what was reported. That's been reported. And eating other things too. That, they're not supposed to be, but I was there. I'm going to be there. And. We're gonna take a look. And, I'll give you a full report when I do. But that's been in the newspapers. And reported pretty broadly. If you're an American, you should ask yourself how any of That impacts your life. Like you shouldn't care about any of That. Like there's 19 days left until election. Oh, no policy talking. And talking about That. That's what I'm saying. Some rumors sounds crazy. I want to worry about I. I. I care about how I'm gonna keep You know money in my pocket, And a roof over my head.


And, you talking about people allegedly eating dogs, And cats in Ohio. And, it's Insulting. And. He's like, I'm gonna take my time to go look And. I'll let y'all know, like you don't got nothing else To do. Nothing else. Hello. Thank you. Okay. So It Spring, of course, Springfield, Ohio City spokesperson, the mayor, And, of course, other of officials, the police. Many people have come out claiming of, of course, That. The Haitian migrants are have said That. Those, those comments, excuse me, are false. Now, meanwhile, an issue That is impacting a lot of people. People wanna know, former President Trump. He participated in a Fox News Town Hall in Atlanta, where there all female audience And. He laid out his top priorities, which included his support for in vitro fertilization or AKA I VF treatments.


Let's hear More from Trump on That. The Democrats tried to attack us on It And. We are out there on I VF, even More than them. So we are totally in favor of It. He went on to call himself the father of I VF. Okay? He spoke about what he calls the left's agenda. He also spoke about what he calls the left's agenda for pushing transgender inclusion in women's sports. we Hold on. Morgan Don, don't think you should speed speed past That You. know what I'm saying? The father of I VF know, if you gonna say you, the father of I, VF You know y'all the party of I. VF. How when you You know you, you, you, you put three judges on the Supreme Court. That overturn Roe v Wade. Mm, talk about It. Like, like, like That, That, That jeopardizes the fertility treatment.


So what are we talking about? know, We, he is saying he is in support of It. I'm not sure how That transitions when you do, like you said, you did overturn Roe considering That would've protected all of That I thought he wasn't in support of It. A a couple of years ago, And I I thought It was a change. Now, 'cause I I thought he wasn't in support of I. VF And. I thought That was the big thing, right? I I don't know I, just know It. He hasn't Been historically in support of It. But yes, he has recently changed his tone about a lot of things. Know I mean I. Just know his abortion bans have already jeopardized access to I. VF And states across the country. And And, And And. His It is just, it's just strange. And. We know that's what he does, though. He lies. So It is what it's, He also spoke during That. He also spoke about female sports, saying female athletes need to be protected from athletes who have transitioned to men.


So let's hear from Trump on trans sports. President bans, It, you just don't let It happen. We absolutely stop It. You can't have It. It's a man playing in the game. So, know Trump also spoke about the border, the economy. Abortion, of course, And other issues. National polls currently show That It is a very tight race between Trump. And VP Harris. Let's talk about Georgia. Georgia voters. They came out in droves. And made history yesterday. The Secretary of the State's office reports around 300,000 people showed up to cast a ballot during the beginning of early voting. It was considered the largest turnout on the first day of early voting in Georgia.


History. Among those was former President Jimmy Carter, who achieved his goal. He said his goal was living long enough to cast his ballot for the 2024 election And. He did in fact vote for Kamala Harris. The Carter Center confirmed the news on Wednesday. His grandson previously said he would vote for Harris And doesn't believe former President Trump should be in the White House again. Now, Carter turned a hundred years old on October 1st, making him the oldest former president in US history. And again, early voting began in his home state of Georgia on Tuesday. There are also 13 other states. That are currently have early voting underway. So if you want to get out And vote early. All right know. All right, we That is front page news. Thank you, Morgan. Thank you. We'll talk about VP Harris AT seven.


Alright, everybody else get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Let us know what's on your mind, what you're going through, or if you got some positivity for us. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get It off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. I hate the way. That. You walk the way That, you talk I hate the way. That you dress Everything with near is Blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello, who's this? Daisha. My name is Daisha from Dillon, South Carolina.


Dacia. Good morning. Get It all to your Dylan. What's happening? Good morning. Good morning. I would like to give a shout out to my rainbow baby. Miss Raya Sunshine, two years old. She's learning her ABCs And one, two, threes. She know about five colors. And, I'm loving It. Now, Hold on. What are, what is the Rainbow Baby? Now break That down for me. I Sunshine, a miscarriage. I had a miscarriage my first pregnancy. And. Then she's my rainbow baby. Got you, got you, got you, got you. Now, no pressure on your 2-year-old. But yesterday, a day ago, Lauren la brought a two year up here. That knew how to, to, to do multiplication. Knew how to do division. And Pie. Deon loves numbers. Kid is two years old. It was telling him Pie. He just turned, he just turned three Actually. Oh, huh? we, my baby can count to 13.


There you go. How about That? We, we, listen. He also, Devin's story is his mom had a five miscarriages, And, a couple other things before she was able to conceive him. So he's their miracle baby as we too. And They have a book right now. If you follow, Devon loves numbers on Instagram. His dad And, his mom created this book. That helps basically like You know how to teach your baby AT home. And use I was very impressed. The common Things to help you develop your baby outside of School. Can I tell you something about s What this woman called up here to shout out her 2-year-old son And. Y'all just automatically pit another little boy up against him for no damn reason against AT. All but when I say for no reason, for no reason, celebr, there was no reason to bring up another child. And start comparing them with each other. Daja, you mad AT us. This is why we should build the World around y'all.


Daja, you mad AT us. No I. Love my baby. My baby's defensive, my eyes. Your baby. You don't Okay talking. Reason That n I have a two Year, somebody got a Stir pot. Nope. Not only That, I have a 2-year-old too. My God. And I was a very 2-year-old And. That's all I was saying. And. If I can get my 2-year-old to do multiplication And division, right now, what That got to do with DA's Child. Daja. Shout up That baby Conversation. Raya Ray Sunshine will be doing multiplications next year, though. You know. That's Ray Rainbow. Bring sunshine. Thank you mama. You n words, man. What I mean? Just start pitting against each other for no reason. I wasn't pitting I never say something about I. I like Jay-Z. we guess what Nas is the best of all time You.


know what I saying? Why for why I like Kendrick Lamar. we, you don't know nothing about no Drake, but Drake did. It. This my 2-year-old son can count to 13. we I met a 2-year-old That like pie, sweet potato, what? know it's pie going multiplication pies. So he, so from the south spot pie sweet with spot. We, Hello. Who's this There boy? DJ Envy. Good morning, Charlamagne the guard. Lauren LaRosa. How y'all doing? Good morning. Morning, man. Yes, yes, yes. Yo. So Charlamagne. Yes, sir. I watched the interview with Kamala Harris. Kamala I watched last night's interview with Brett Beard, with Kamala Harris. And. She really exposed, And prepared. She stuttered. She blamed Trump. She didn't really have any answers to all of the questions. That Brett Bear was asking her.


And I was very disappointed, or 'cause I felt like she should have used their interview as a s spamming match to get Ready. For those hard questions, That, They were gonna be asked. So not a relatively hard questions, just questions to answer. Some really important issues That the Americas having in general, We I have to say I disagree with you. I thought the interview with Brett bed was fantastic. You know what I mean. I thought she, she answered every question. You know you just don't want to agree with her answers. But she answered every question. And. She an she. She Did not. She ran, she evaded. She was very disingenuous with all of her answers. Gimme an example. She did not answer. Not one answer, not one question. That Brett Bear asked. Gimme, gimme an example. I'm gonna give you an example. When, when Brett bear asked, what are you gonna do different? For the last three And a half years That you was in as the VP to you being president.


What are you gonna do different? Her answers was to one, blame Trump And. Then two, say something like, I'm gonna turn a new leaf. She And That And. That was Never the whole Intended answer. She kidding, brother? She I. I mean I mean I mean I mean to me. She, she That was her best answer on the Joe Biden take It Easy. The joke did Not answer. She, she, she could not. She could. She wanted to call Trump somebody who was unstable. That couldn't run the country yet she was the VP to Joe Biden for three And a half years And. She never really was able to find a diagnosis to when Biden became unstable. That's being very disingenuous. That's being very disingenuous. As VP And, you want the people to vote for you. That's crazy. Thank you, And. Then you're gonna blame Trump. That's not how you win Interview by blaming your opponent.


That's, you have to come in there And retort with facts. That's not what she did though. But You know she's, but everybody has a different opinion on how They see things though. But she literally, that's how he It. She literally answered the Joe Biden question directly. She said her adminis her, her, if she wins the election, It will not be a continuation of a Joe Biden administration. She said, That verbatim, get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The, Breakfast Club. This is your time to get It off your chest, whether you're mad or blessed. So you better have the same energy. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club come out. Who's his?


Brandon? Good morning, Charlamagne. Good morning, envy. Good morning Miss Lar. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all doing today? Good, Brother. What's happening? My brother? Peace King. What up though? Nothing much, man. I'm truck driver getting Ready to hit this road. Okay. Be safe out there, brother. Appreciate you. Appreciate you. I. Just wanted to call And say, I'm not understanding why all these people falling off. And going to buy all these Officer And stuff. AT the big beach got out. And. He don't know none of these people. Its not making no sense to me. They buying outfits. I didn't know They was buying outfits. Man. They went, And bought the stores out yesterday. I think big Meech reminds people of their old wild out days. You. know what I'm saying? That was what, 20 years ago.


I was. I was 20. I. I was 26. I wasn't around in That around them. AT all. But imagine being 40 something now. But you start thinking about how things were when Big Meech was home. And, you're just thinking about That. Welcome Home Party. You know I mean. His parties were amazing. Like he, he bought out the bar. He bought so many bottles. It was, It was a a, a huge vibe. I mean And. He went from city to city, state to state. I. Just remember him coming to New York. And really tearing It up And. He actually changed the way the strip clubs are. He, he changed the way a lot of the clubs are because of him. People come to the, the strip club with More singles. Before Big Meat It was only like a hundred singles. You had a hundred singles. You was doing a lot. Mm. Now a hundred singles don't mean nothing. Now know They say he invented making It Rain. know he invented It making the rain. He, he also started the whole table service.


Where before there was dance floors. But now It was I didn't know none of this. He had a section And. He used to have know bottles come to their section. He I want he, he was one of the people. That That really started That know. Y'all think he gonna do a party? That. I feel like he's probably sold. It's all these young people that's trying to do It, And You know that's an old head party. That ain't for these young people. That, he don't know AT all Know That is true. And. And. I mean he's not gonna be home till 2025. January. You know we technically he's released No is 2026 for real. 20 20, 26. 26. January 26. Technically he's released, but we don't know the condition. So we don't know even know if he can, he's a party. No halfway house. You Get to leave a halfway house. Right, right. Not the party. Crazy. It could be worth Know. Right? But I Will It all these young people though.


Like that's a old head party. That's for the ones in the 1999. 2000. The 19 hundreds. I will say this though, I did text my girl Hannah King salute Hannah King You. know what I'm saying? Hannah is just a phenomenal creative And You know. She be putting together a lot of those fly parties. You see in Atlanta, And That party back in the day where Big Mech had the drafts And, all of That know she put That together. So I did text her. And I did say I can only imagine what your brain is thinking about right now for a Welcome home Big me party. Because I just I like her as a creative know. Right? You know salute to hand. Alright, all brother. Have a good one. Y'all too, man. Yes Sir. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up. Now we got Jess with the mess with Lon LaRosa coming up. We do. You guys have already mentioned It.


Big mech. We gonna get into what That release looks like. And, the technicalities of him being home versus kind of not being Home. And. If you give Lauren about 10 minutes, she's probably gonna reach out to the Po. And. See exactly what his terms are to see what I already tried. And They won't, won't release It because of his, because of safety. And all That. That's how Lord. We we gonna talk about It. We gonna talk about It. Alright. Right. We'll get to That. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club B people Stop doing, doing 69 since this song dropped. Man I. Bet you there's a statistic. That can show us how the amount of 60 nines dropped since Its not like us came out. You don't think so? No. You don't know. Not AT all not AT. All. You just make 69 sound. So The 69 guys are still active. Really? Yep. They are Slaves.


You need to be arrested. we can. Why is she talking like That? You know. Okay, need to arrested. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren. And la is real. Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't nobody. we I. Jess World on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Big mech is home y'all. we technically sorta of kind of ish, right? So yesterday It popped up on the BOP website. That Demetrius Flannery.


AKA big Meech was released from federal prison. So when this happened, of course online started going crazy. People It, like honestly I think people were calling me as if something happened like something I. Only Don don't get phone calls like this unless something bad happens. People were blowing my phone up. So when you looked into It, I I spoke to a source who said yes. He was released from BOP custody as far as federal prison. But all They, all They could tell me AT the time was there are conditions to his release. So I'm like, okay. Conditions to a release like That You know you Don did all these years in prison. Normally means you go into a halfway house about the You. know you're still technically in custody. So what happens is he left federal prison in Florida, And.


Then he's gonna be finishing out his sentence in a halfway house. He was transferred on Tuesday from FC I Coleman to a low confinement, a low security confinement overseen by the BOP. So the BOP has this office in Miami. It's like a residential reentry.


On Thanksgiving day, 1999, a 5-year-old boy floated alone in the ocean. He had lost his mother trying to reach Florida from Cuba. He looked like a little angel. I mean he looked so fresh. And his name Ian Gonzalez will make headlines everywhere. I Gonzalez, Ian Gonzales, AT. The heart of the story is a young boy And the question of who he belongs with. His father in Cuba. Mr Gonzales wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with Him or his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died trying to get you to Freedom. AT, the heart of It all is still this painful family separation. Something That as a Cuban You know all too. we listen to chess piece, the Elian Gonzalez story as part of the Michael Tura podcast network available on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? Yes. I. See, so, but you can do That kind of spooky, scary. we can, but it's also because it's a ride. know You. know You Don And down on It. But you're in It. You know. You know exactly. You're in the Spook I. Think we have to let them in. In our little Surprise know. If you haven't already figured It out. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. I say, oh, I wanna go work with such And, such from Across Town know From Across Town. My girl Across town know Across town You know a guy across Town You know a guy Breeds publicist. Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost T Trees. This yet there's one More question which I promised myself. I would ask, can you drop That grunge album? I'm so mad. That I. Haven't Don That yet. But you don't have to be mad. You're in control. I am. But who do I drop It with? we should we start a label maybe? Wow. Listen to Oscar JTA on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I am Jay Sheddy And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And raw interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. We talk about guilt, shame, body image, And, huge life transformations. I was a desperate delusional dreamer. And the desperate part got me in a lot of trouble. I encourage delusional dreamers. Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. I just had such an anger. I was just so mad. AT life. Everything That wasn't right, was everybody's fault but mine. I had such a victim mentality. I took zero accountability for anything in my life. I was the kid. That. If you asked what, what happened. I immediately started with Everything. But me, It took years for me to break That. Like years of work. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


Welcome To growing up the Lingo Kids podcast where we uncover all the awesome jobs you could do when you grow up. I'm Emily And. I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh, wait a second, this noise. Ah, that's Winston who always has some burning questions. What is It now pal? Hey, Emily. Can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical. He's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks. But hey, we'll explore construction, car racing, And, plenty More careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids Grown Up is now available on Story Button, the Kid Friendly device. Four Screenless podcast, Listen More. Listen to growing up on story button, the iHeartRadio App Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation. You don't wanna miss The Things That, we want And are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active. And, if we don't participate. They tackle the big questions, politics policy, And, what's next for the country? Doesn't The Biden administration have to take some blame for the border though? Charlemagne? First thing we dropped was a bill to fix the broken immigration system, which by the way, Trump did not fix when he was president. Don't miss this in-depth. Interview with Charlemagne tha God And, vice President Kamala Harris. Only on The. Breakfast Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Interment office. So They put you in these programs to help you transition back into the community society. Yep. know into society. So he's expected to be released from the halfway house in January of 20 20 16. And. That's according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons. But his attorney, Brittany Barnett, has been fighting for not only You know this to happen like earlier this year. His sentence was reduced by three years because she's been keeping up with like laws as They change. And. Brittany Barnett. First of all, she's amazing. The work That she does with the Buried Alive Project. She fights for people who are serving what You know excessive time for nonviolent crimes. So she's been on It.


So she got this sentence lowered by three years. But she's been saying all along It should be even More. So hopefully we'll see him. You know out of this halfway house. Even before That time in 2016, And for background, Meech was arrested in 20, in 2005. He was sentenced in 2008 to 30 years in prison on charges related to drug trafficking. And money, Lau laundering. But Brittany says That, she's overjoyed. She sent us a statement. She says she's overjoyed. That, Demetrius fla Flannery is finally free after 20 years behind bars. Two decades is incredibly a long time he's out. But millions More remain trapped inside. There's still so much work to be Don. We need to push for real change. He's used. He's Don his time to focus on personal growth.


And transformation. And. Now he has the opportunity to begin a new chapter. Know I mean the name Big Mech has grown so much. You know because of the BMF TV show, because of all the documentaries he's been mentioned in so many records. His son, little Mech because of the BMF TV show, You know. So his name is, is is heavy. Even amongst people who didn't know for sure know And, he'll be, he'll be, he'll be able to leave That usually They require him to work to have some type of job to work. Yes. And, I'm sure with all the people, That, he knows he'll be able to work anywhere. So I mean his job will be to be big meets, right? know because you think about his story, I'm sure That, he's learned a lot over the last 20 years. And, I'm sure That. He doesn't want people to make a lot of the same mistakes That he made. So he'll, he might be out here on his, his wallow a Hundred percent know You know.


Yep. Yep. I am excited to see we, first of all, that's crazy. You said That. 'cause someone text me And said we might have another wallow on our hands. Mm. But I'm excited to also see like the work That You know he's gonna do something with 50 cent. I'm excited to see You know what That will be as we can. I will say AT this time, like they're really leaning in heavy on like the privacy, safety, And And his security. So they're not really certain things about You know They, where he'll be, why he's, that's all That, all That type of stuff. But I'm sure in the next like week, less than a week, we will hear about like what his actual conditions are, probation wise. You know what That, what I mean. So know And. Then let me tell y'all some of the reactions online. I. Think That was like the funniest part of all of this. Somebody said big meets built an empire, fed the streets got locked up, did 15 plus year bid.


And got outta jail all before the Cowboys went to the NFC championship. Who Tweeted That. That was funny. Dang. Charlemagne Know people like That don't get into heaven. So I don't even know why you put something like That. Now Char That was funny. You don't care nothing about heaven, dude. Char all we we'll you'll see us AT the Super Bowl party. You'll be looking up from hell. we, we AT our Super Bowl party. They said mch don't even know how to, these are all the sha shout out to the shave room. They gathered these suites mch don't even know how to work a phone. And, show us he's home. We gotta wait for the video to come out on VHS. Damn That ain't true. 20 years ago, we, if we I guess he know how a Come on man. Me Going know. He gonna know how to work a phone. He gonna know how to help the cousin with the groceries. That's what the children for. And the nephews. And The nieces. Me. Me should be fine. know I'm saying me should be fine.


How on with this? Yes, we Welcome home or almost home, however you wanna classify. We are excited to see what you decide to do next. Now, moving on. This news is, is not as bright And vibrant AT, all Liam Payne from One Direction is dead. Now AT 31 years old Now. No disrespect. One Direction was what? What group? What, what songs did They sing? we Don. Don. Don't I Don You know Up we Let's take a listen to Harry. That's Zane. That's Liam know. Let's what you talking about I can't get That song ever. I can't get. Lemme Tell you something. I wanna clue Songs the best song ever. we One Direction Drop. Don't get To with That. I Don't care what I'm doing. And. Where like I just love these songs. You know Ain't Gonna say All That the best song ever slapped Slack. You start jumping up And Such you Never heard That Homecoming, not You know we sometimes They play They They Mix They have A white set.


No They don't even have It. Fully They Mix It with other songs. The you Don't know You're Beautiful. But anyway, It I Fell in Love the best song ever. 'cause It was on the kids B CD That. My kids used to listen to And That That That best song ever. Slaps I don't even know how I started hearing One Direction. I think It was just like my time. Like I don't know. I can't Gety to That. We the rest of the World Can Can. The One Direction is a huge group Stole the And Pass to God. You better go off Boy being Charla. She wants to be a white old White being bad. No I just That song slap we talking about. So you are a old white lady. I thought, thought he was talking no And by Dominican last week. I was Dominican. Now I'm Lady White, Dominican.


This bump s Up so quick. Okay, we anyway, 'cause know, so celebrating One direction is one thing. But right now a lot of One Direction fans are not celebrating because Liam Payne, who was a star from the group, passed away yesterday after falling from his hotel back Balcony. He was in Argentina, And. So the former One Direction star passed away And. There were several witnesses. AT the hotel who saw this. He was staying AT a hotel And. He was on the third floor of the hotels called the Ca Casaa Palermo Hotel. Now, all of the reports do not know whether this fall off of the, the hotel floor was intentional or if this was an accident. They didn't know if It was a push or They said there was no malice.


They They don't, They don't know yet. Okay? O only thing That has been confirmed so far from sources. That were close to the situation. To T. MZ is That. Liam And, his girlfriend Kate, had checked into the ho another hotel in Argentina on September 30th. They had posted several social media posts. People were reposting those yesterday. Like while he was just on Snapchat. And, then And They were having fun on vacation. And. Then she left Argentina on the 14th. But Liam stayed And. He checked into this hotel, the Casa. So hotel now they're saying That, someone AT the hotel called 9 1 1 to report an aggressive male AT the hotel. Like That Day And. Witnesses were already telling T. MC, who broke the story? That. When They did see him, That, he seemed a little bit like aggressive, frantic a bit off.


So people don't really know. People don't know what happened. It's like you have You know people saying They saw him in the lobby. This happened. And, And alleging That. He was on Snapchat on vacation with his girlfriend having a good time. And. The next thing You know, he's falling floors. You know off of a hotel balcony. we, He did, he he had struggles with drugs. And alcohol too, right? You You Know we condolences. He dealt with a a couple different things. Rest in peace. And know And. I mean And. There are different reports too. That, he had like smashed his laptop. He had to be carried back to his room from That Hotel Lobby. So there was something going on. Now has YouTube connected this to Diddy yet? I'm sure They will in some way shape or before. No And You know. You know one doesn't have anything to do with the other. Nothing. No.


He had been in Argentina for a a, a concert. And Rest. Rest in Peace. Reunited with the One Direction band sending condolences to his girlfriend. And, his family And his kids. He left. He left the child behind. I believe. Yes. Yes, he does know I believe it's his son. Jesus Sending healing energy to him. And, his family man Know only 31. That's know. Only 31 is very, very, very, very, very young. Alright. Best song ever slaps though. All the best song ever, ever. Thank you for just with the Mess with I. Don't understand what's happen her now. When we come back, we have front page news with You. know Morgan Wood You know You know And. Then Sister Soldier will be joining us. You know what you remember. You know Yo You know right now.


You're like me. You're saying thank God Charlamagne is not a singer. Thank God he doesn't even do karaoke. I. Don't think Liam would appreciate any of That. Not AT all it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning Comedy day. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess And. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some sports first. WNBA. The liberty came back. They were down 1516 AT. One point They beat the links. 80 77 They lead the series 2 1 1 More game. And They got That chip. Now the Dodgers beat the Mets last night, eight to nothing. They lead the series two one. The Mets play tonight. And. The Yankees play tonight. All right, Yankees play AT five PM Eastern Time The Mets play AT eight PM Eastern Time And.


Then Thursday night football. Broncos take on the Saints AT eight 15. A lot of sports today in the next couple of days. Morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So speaking of which, there's a lot to be said about vice President Kamala Harris's very first interview with Fox News And, anchor Brett Bear. There were multiple contentious moments in the interview as the two spoke over each other. The two sparred on various topics like immigration, former President Trump And, how she differs from President Biden. Now Bayer referred to past answers where Harris gave That. She indicated nothing came to mind when asked if she would do things differently than Biden. But Harris also said she represents a new generation of leadership.


Let's hear More from VP Harris on Fox. My presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency. And, like every new president That comes into office. I will bring my life experiences, my professional experiences, And, fresh And, new ideas. People are exhausted with someone who professes to be a leader who spends full time demeaning. And And, And, engaging in personal grievances. And It being about him. And instead of not Vice President. And, the American people. People are tired of That. That's That. So Harris also defended the Biden administration's policy on immigration. Saying It was a priority to fix problems on the border, including getting More judges, And Pro And processing asylum cases quicker.


Bayer listed victims of crimes committed by illegal immigrants. And asked if Harris owes those families an apology. She did say she was sorry. And felt awful for the losses the families of the victims are feeling, but also blamed Republicans for opposing legislation. That was designated to fix immigration. Now she added That. She does not believe in decriminalizing border crossings. Now some Fox News anchors actually praised Harris following That interview for her performance, saying They found her a bit evasive. But she did come across as forceful AT times And. They're calling It, one of her better interviews. What do you say to That? Charlamagne being That. You just spoke to her days ago. I thought That. The conversation with Brett Bear was great. I've always thought she should go on Fox News. And You know.


Answer those tough questions. And It didn't disappoint. And You know the brother called up here last hour. And said the VP didn't answer any questions. That's just a boldface lie. Especially when he said she didn't answer the question about her. How her presidency would be completely different than Biden's because she said verbatim, my presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency. And like every new president That comes into office. I'll bring my life experiences, my professional experiences, And, fresh And, new ideas. And, And, And. It is just interesting how much of a double standard exists, right? Because they'll say she spends her time talking about Donald Trump. What does Donald Trump spend his time talking about? Her know It can buy like, like that's what politics is like. It's just interesting to me how the double standard exists. And, you can look AT the person you support And think Everything.


They say is okay. But then look, AT the person you don't support And. Think That. Everything they're doing is wrong. know when both of them are doing the same thing. know That, I mean. That's everybody does It I seen people also criticizing the fact That. She was vice president basically saying she It sounded like she doesn't want to go down any of the roles. That Joe Biden has gone down or is going down. And her, her presidential campaign wants to be totally different from his after her You know being his vice president. And, we what's wrong with That though? It seems like she doesn't support anything. That. He did. The thing is And, she's And. She never said That. Your role, your role as vice president is totally different than your role as President And. She absolutely know she, she absolutely champions the good things That. They've Don in the Biden administration, but she also has her own path. That. She wants to set, like she said, her life experiences, her professional experiences, And, fresh And, new ideas.


She represents a new generation of leadership. I don't I don't see the problem. Know. So before the Fox News interview Vice President Harris, she spoke AT, a campaign event in Pennsylvania where More than a hundred Republicans joined her SU to support her candidacy for president. She said even Trump's former allies are warning against electing him. Let's hear from BP Harris, And, pa. Donald Trump is telling us how he intends to use power if he is elected again. He has stated That. One of the biggest threats America faces is quote the enemy from within. Consider what his closest advisors have said. His national security advisor, two defense secretaries, his former chief of staff, his own vice president, all have warned America.


Donald Trump is unfit to serve. I'm not gonna front, I'm not getting enough from the Republicans that's supporting her. Like, like, like I told her when we spoke this week, one of the list Cheney, That Cheney know when are the list Cheneys of the World gonna start waving their fingers. AT You know the 52% of white women who voted for Trump in 2016 or the 55% of white women That voted for Trump in 2020 when those white male Republicans are gonna start waving They fingers. AT You know the white men who overwhelmingly voted for Donald Trump You know over 50% in 2016, And 2020. The same way Obama was out there waving his finger, AT black men for no reason, by the way, 'cause black men always show up to vote for Democrats like second largest voting block of Democrats. So That was completely pointless. But when are They gonna start waving They fingers, AT the white folks?


When are those white Republicans gonna start waving They fingers? AT the white folks And telling them That They need to do better. I thought That Don. When I thought when she first announced her, her run, all of the white women for Kamala That didn't. That That That wasn't. There was a real movement. I ain ain't enough. Finger wagon if you ask me. Okay, Do white women wave their fingers though? I was yo I. Swear to God. I was thinking That I ain't never seen a or a clap. Clap or finger wave. Jesus Christ. I don't know you. That's a good question. What do They do? I'm just Okay. And, if we got time for one More, just so I could get this one off. A judge in the murder trial of Michael Jordan's father, he is asking for the killer's release. In 1996, judge Gregory Weeks concluded. Daniel Green shot James Jordan in his car on the side of a North Carolina highway during a botched robbery.


Now weeks says a forensic blood analysis failed to disclose an important finding. The blood. The blood like substance found in the car may not have belonged to green. So weeks told a parole commission That, the situation has haunted him. For nearly close to 30 years. Now you wanna say something about It And? The decision could be re reached And. A new decision could be reached within a month regarding That. So I'll keep an eye on That. What's going on with Daryl Green, who was a accused of shooting James Jordan? Michael Jordan's father back in 1996. And killing him. So that's your front page news. That's a lot, right? I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social AT Morgan Media And


For More news coverage follow AT Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App And. Visit us AT bi news.com.


Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Go Now. When we come back, sister Soldier will be joining us. Sister Soldier has a new book, which is actually coming out November 12th. It's called Love After Midnight. Now Sister Soldier is out in Dubai. She says she needed to declare her mind. And. Clear some space to write these books. And. We're gonna talk to her next. So don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. This is DJ Envy. Charlemagne. tha God. Jess. Hilarious. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave. So we have Lauren LaRosa filling in And. We have a special guest on the line right now. She's actually out in Dubai. Ladies And gentlemen, we have Sister Soldier Welcome. Peace. And. How are you feeling?


I? Feel good? I'm excited. And I Hope That You know people will get a chance to read my book. And People who enjoy the series will like this new edition. Oh, They Will. You're here to talk about Love After Midnight, which is the the latest installment of the Winter Sanga series. For those who aren't familiar with the series, how would you describe what the series is about? Oh, we Don don't know anybody who's not familiar with the coldest Series. That's right. The coldest Winter Ever. That's right. That's right. The coldest winter ever has survived through generations. It's a book That. Every new set of 13-year-old girls, And And boys read. It's a book. That is so popular in the prison system.


It's so popular in all women's gatherings. And, even sororities, And. So on And, so forth. So people who follow the series You know the Winter series is like the coldest winter ever. And. Then Life After Death, And then Love After Midnight, which is in stores Now, I also, this is the, this is my seventh novel, but this is the first time I ever read the audio book. So if you buy the book from Audible or wherever, you're going to hear my narration of one of my books, which was a big deal for me because I never narrated the the books before.


How? How has Winter changed since life after death? I think winter is so much like us You know how something spiritual can happen to you. Something really big. Or you almost met your demise or death. You had a car accident. And It spun out of control. And, you were hanging over the bridge. Or in the case of of one of my sisters You know she had a car accident where a tree fell on her car. Oh gosh, And I. Think what happens is it's a really big deal when it's happening. And, it's a really big deal When you feel the loss And, you feel the pain And, you feel the suffering.


And, life after death. I think so many shocking unknown things happened to winter. Santiago And, when she came out of That experience, really by the grace of God, she was very clear about It. But like most of us, we forget. know You know one day you were praying And, thanking God And. Then two weeks later, you're like on with the show. So I think she has changed In some ways, she knows That. There is to God. And. I. Don't think before her death experience, she knew That. She is all about her business now. And. Now her hustle is legal.


It's not illegal. And, that's a big deal. Her father Santiago is her manager. Now she has her own reality show. She has a lot of leverage though 'cause she has a brother-in-Law, who is in the film industry is quite popular. And quite powerful. So how she juggles is, is what we'll see When to go through in Love after Midnight And, how she pursues the things she wants in her life. Like she wants a man, but she's looking for a man. That feels like the men of the nineties And. She's is no longer the nineties now is the 21st century And. She don't like these new dudes.


So she's disappointed because she doesn't have somebody That. You know. She really feels You, know, deeply connected to And. So she's pursuing That, but she's very picky. And she'll, she'll You know, chew somebody up, And, spit 'em out in a in in an instance. So it's good for her business wise. Financially, it's good for her family wise, it's a struggle for her because she has a certain kind of personality. But I think That people will love after Midnight I. Call It a Hood romantic comedy And. The reason why I say hood is because romance in the hood sometimes it's not That. Romantic It is actually a, it's actually More trauma bonding than anything.


More toxic. And the first And. So you about to experience her trauma In the first chapter. Mood. Like the first couple of graphs. Grab me. You say we Winter is saying, I'm addicted. I'm addicted to the struggle. And the hustle. Moving And maneuvering fighting. And Fury. Action. And reaction pressure. Hey, Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? Yes. Sorry. I. See, so, but you can do That kind of spooky. Scary. we can, but it's also because it's a ride. know You. know And. Don't And down On It. But you're in It, You know. know you're, you're in the Spook I. Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise Know if you haven't already figured It out. Can't believe this.


Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. I say, oh, I wanna go work with such And, such from Across Town know. From Across Town. My girl across town know Across town You know a guy across Town You know a guy, readers publicist, Katie's And finalists.


Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Cot Trees. This, yet there's one More question which I promised myself. I would ask, can you drop That grunge album? I'm so mad. That I. Haven't Don That yet. But you don't have to be mad because you're in control. I am. But who do I drop It with? we should we start a label? Maybe. Wow. Listen to Las COTAs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, a 5-year-old boy floated alone in the ocean. He had lost his mother trying to reach Florida from Cuba. He looked like a little angel. I mean he looked so Fresh. And his name Elian Gonzalez will make headlines everywhere. I, Gonzal, Elian, Ian Elian, Gonzales AT. The heart of the story is a young boy And the question of who he belongs with his father in Cuba. Mr Gonzalez wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with Him or his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died trying to get you to Freedom.


AT. The heart of It all is still this painful family separation. Something That as a Cuban You know all too. we


listen to chess piece, the Elian Gonzalez story as part of the Michael Tura podcast Network available on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I am Jay Sheddy And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And raw interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. We talk about guilt, shame, body image, And, huge life transformations. I was a desperate delusional dreamer. And, the desperate park got me in a lot of trouble. I encourage delusional dreamers. Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. I just had such an anger. I was just so mad. AT life. Everything That wasn't right, was everybody's fault but mine. I had such a victim mentality. I took zero accountability for anything in my life.


I was the kid. That. If you ask what, what happened. I immediately started with Everything. But me, It took years for me to break That. Like years of work.


Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


Welcome to growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, where we uncover all the awesome jobs you can do when you grow up. I'm Emily And. I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh, wait a second, this noise. Ah, AT Winston, who always has some burning questions. What is It now, pal? Hey, Emily. Can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical. He's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks. But hey, we'll explore construction, car racing, And, plenty More careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be.


Lingo Kids Grown Up is now available on Story button, the kid friendly device for Screenless podcast, Listen More,


listen to grown up on story button, the iHeartRadio App Apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't want to miss. The things That, we want And are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active. And, if we don't participate. They tackle the big questions, politics policy, And, what's next for the country? Doesn't The Biden administration have to take some blame for the border though? Charlemagne? First


thing we dropped was a bill to fix the broken immigration system, which by the way, Trump did not fix when he was president. Don't miss this in-depth. Interview with Charlemagne tha God And, vice President Kamala Harris. Only on The, Breakfast, Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


Your intention. And I was like, wow, you don't like, as a person growing up like a girl from around, you don't realize how much you're addicted to things. That are really traumatizing to you. And. You think you need It kind of to like live And survive until you get out of It or until you go through an experience like what you went through in the last book. Speaking from That perspective like You know as a person who You know you're, you're guiding winter. What do you want us girls to take away from this book? Because when I read That, I'm like, oh, this is deeper than like a lot of people even probably know on the surface watching her journey through this new book. Alright, in the beginning of my novels, always there's a poem. Yes, the weird And, this one You know is what to Remember, And, what to Forget. So as an author, what I'm showing is That.


Sometimes we don't focus on which things we should remember, And, which things we should forget. And. Even artists in the entertainment industry have the same problem a lot of times. If you're coming from hard times, And, then you get a certain amount of money. That you never thought you would earn. Like you, you making seven figures you never thought you would have That in in the palm of your hand. And, you're young, you wanna bring everybody with you. But if you bring the streets with you into your business, things get complicated. And, I. Think That. We can all agree. Like I'm constantly seeing cases on being aired on platforms.


And on television about this Rap star, That rap star. This celebrity or That. Celebrity. And. It was the person's inability to transition from one level to another level. Not knowing what to remember, what to forget, what to hold onto to And, what to regret. Sometimes we glorify things. That are not good for us because we are just used to It, right? And. So if you hold on to It, because you're used to It, it's gonna ruin the gifts. That, you received. So I think life is a balancing act. And, I. Think That.


All of us need guidance. And, all of us need faith. And, I. Think if you don't have a faith You know whether you're Christian or Jewish or Muslim or whatever your belief system is. If you don't have a faith, you don't have guidance. And, you don't have limits to what you will. And will not do And. You don't know who is all powerful. So you'll start doing things for people because you think That, those people are in control, but really only one is in control. Right? All right, we got More with Sister Soldier. When we come back. Don't move, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren La Rosa is filling in for Jess And. We're still kicking It with Sister Soldier. Her new book, love After Midnight is out everywhere. November 12th, which you could pre-order It. Now You know I I. Just wanted to to to get your thought because I mean you're so profound in your thoughts. And, you actually do the homework. What is your thoughts on what's going on now with politics with with Kamala Harris? And Donald Trump? What's your thoughts on That? 'cause you've never been a person to to bite your tongue. You You gonna say what It is. And how you feel. And. What you, what you thinking It feels like And It. To add the Envy's point. It does feel like, especially around Israel, And, And, And, And, Palestine, It does feel like there's a lot of sister soldier moments happening. That's right. Yes, Sister soldier moments Know You know how They call You know the politicians call these things Sister soldier moments.


And. It feels. It feels like a lot of That is happening. We You know politics wise, I grew weary of politics a number of years ago because I don't think That. The people are given real choices. I think you are always just doing the minimum. You know like, okay, It is this one or That one, right? But you don't feel good about any of It, And. Then there's also the fact of being organized is a really big deal. Because if a community is not organized, They don't even understand the political structure. It won't even matter who you vote for. If you don't have an agenda, if you don't have your agenda backed up by finance, if you don't have an understanding of how the system works, And, the system is quite intricate.


So I think for maybe 40 years, I was always That voice. That was questioning And proposing. And suggesting And working, And communicating And. So on And, so forth. It just got to the point where It seemed like It wasn't That. People didn't know what to do. They just weren't interested in doing It. What do you think of the vice president Kamala Harris? What do you think of this moment? That? We're here in America. Do you think it's revolutionary? Do you think it's historic? Do you think That, it's something That could change Things We I mean. When Obama was running, everyone was excited.


And probably in tears. And You know. Actually I was living in Japan when when Obama was elected, And I watched all the different news agencies, And, Everything, And. People who really were so overwhelmed with happiness. And tears, And. They seemed to think That. The World was gonna change in some really huge way. And You know I. Think That. President Obama was a nice guy. But Don don't think That, the World changed in any huge way. I think it's a matter of knowing And studying And learning, And planning. So it's not a matter of is It gonna be this man or this woman?


It's not a matter of That because AT the end of the day, it's just the face. But you have to know how to work the system. And, you have to be organized to impact the system. And, I, think in the US we have a cult of personality. You know we just pick who we like or who looks the best or these different things. But It really has nothing to do with politics. And power. Got you. That's real. Why haven't the coldest winter ever been turned into some type of series or movie yet? That's my I had That. Same question. Are They scared? Oh my God, yes. You know Jada I. Think I. If I'm not mistaken, didn't Jada Pink And Smith optioned It back in the day or something like That?


He optioned It a long, long time ago. A Hollywood contract can be maybe 50 pages long. And, not just be one of them. And. There's so many strange things in these contracts. And It makes me understand how other people kind of got caught in a bad situation. Mm. But I read the contracts line for line And. I have my red PenFed, And, I, I. Write notes on the side. And, I negotiate because a contract is a mutual agreement between two or More parties.


And. So I feel like I have a voice in the contract. Whereas movie houses seem to think They, write down what? Whatever They wanna write in this contract. And, you just sign on the dotted line. And, don't ask any questions. So I think my intelligence has worked against me in terms of the Hollywood system. Hmm, but AT the same time, I wouldn't want to just sign some weird agreement. And end up regretting It. So I don't. So we were AT a major studio. And. You. know I just found the experience not to be what It should be. If somebody came to you with the right situation, That, you were comfortable with And, you could trust, would you do It?


Or are you just completely against It because of like the politics? That go behind You know closed doors sometimes with the Hollywood Studios. No, I'm not against It. The right deal. Yes, the right deal. So I said to you, I have seven novels. That's right. So say I. Say, okay, I'm interested in making the coldest winter ever into a film. And. The Hollywood studio says, great And. Then They come back with the contract. And. Then the contract says That. They are accessing the coldest winter ever. A deeper love inside And. Some other book, That I, wrote And I say, no, no, no, no. That's not what I'm selling. I'm only doing a one deal with the coldest winter ever.


The film version, And They say know. Okay? So what we're gonna do is we're gonna freeze all of your other works. Mm mm So you'll agree, That, during this whole process, you won't sell or discuss with any other company or business business person converting this book into a film. And. We're gonna freeze It for five years before And, after the film is made. Just, just strange situations. There are even some contracts. That want you to not write anything else until this is produced. So I'm not interested in legal shackles.


know. So I, think That. The contracts are also set up in a way, That. They're using a very legalistic language, of course, a very high language And. So They expect you to not understand. But You know what in perpetuity means. It means forever. Forever, right? You know. So you're agreeing to something forever. When you look AT, these contracts, if you have any kind of independence in your thinking or intelligence in your thinking, you're not going to sign them And. So people think, oh, we'll just let her sit over there. And wait. She'll get tired of waiting. And. Then she'll come. And be More, obedient, And. But that's not really the case.


That's right. 'cause you live a great life. And amazing. I'm The lie. I do. That's right. You know I. Try to be a good person. I make my prayers every day throughout the day. And Allah takes very good care of me. I the law. So I have no complaints. I'm not in a desperate state. And That makes me really comfortable. You Know. we You know. My daughter just turned 16. So I'm gifting her the whole, the whole book series. The coldest one ever. Life After Death, And. Now Love After Midnight I. Think she's Ready to read those now. I I think. I believe she is. I Hope. I hope you give her the midnight books. Also, because she needs to know how to evaluate the guys That.


She will come across in her life. I. Don't wanna think I. Don't wanna think about That. Y'all Might gotta talk through those like she need to read And. Then y'all sit down And talk. Because the Midnight series It changed my know. Wow. Know It was, but it's so good though. You Need to know. She needs to know what a man is. And. What a man isn't And really what a woman is And what a woman isn't That. Right? Because the midnight books don't only address manhood. They also address womanhood. And That main character is very influential. And That. Midnight. Midnight series I Think should be required reading instead of some of the silly stuff That you get in high school. I agree.


we make sure you pick It up if you're out And about pick up love after midnight. And, we appreciate you And. Be safe out there. We love you. Thank you so much. Thank you Queen. All right, sister Soldier, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. How you guys feeling this morning? Bless Black And Holly Faed. What's happening tomorrow's Friday? So I will be AT New York ComicCon. If you in New York City, come to ComicCon. You know I got a graphic novel dropping called Black Illuminati. All right, And for tomorrow, I'll be AT ComicCon from AT 3 45 in room one CO three. So come see myself, And Rob Markman And, my man, Axel, Alonzo, And Dennis Coleen will be in there.


Our panel starts AT 3:45 PM And room one Co three. AT, New York. ComicCon. There you go. Yes. All right, now Lauren. Yes, we got Jess with the Mess with Lauren And. Rosa coming up. What we talking about? We Do I. Got a little update from Tiny Desks. We had a conversation in room yesterday about tiny deaths in like Jennings claiming That. He was told he's not a big enough artist. And They released a statement. And It was a little vague. So I got a little update from a source. So we won't get into It. Okay? They said They didn't say any of That. Alright. Alright, we'll talk about, we'll get into That next. Also, don't forget this weekend, Lauren And I are gonna be out in North Carolina. A And T You know it's homecoming season. So salute to all the HBCUs out there. All the hold Lauren was talking about yesterday. G Ho. Greatest homecoming on Earth. Greatest hold on Earth. I gotta keep saying It because I kidding.


Be North Carolina. Greatest homecoming on Earth. Greatest homecoming on Earth. I gotta get It. Right? Right before it's Friday. Just getting her outta Delaware. Let let her adapt. First Of all, just get her outta Delaware. Crazy. And I used crazy. Used to fly to multiple countries in a week for that's crazy. For profession. Don't put me, you wasn't a flight attendant. Why would he even play with you? That Day Flight. Very, we traveled. That's crazy, man. Don't do That. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Laura. LaRosa music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don, she don't spare. Nobody. World. Why? Just World Wide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren I back.


And. I got the best talk to me. But yesterday here we talked about life. Jennings And, him claiming That Tiny desk when he reached out, told him That, he was not a big enough celebrity to do a tiny desk. I got a statement directly from a rep from Tiny Desk. That basically said, we can't accommodate everybody who reaches out It. Doesn't matter how big or how small. Now, I spoke to an additional source because I had some questions. Because to me, the statement didn't really answer. Did you guys, or was this said to him? AT, all like whatsoever. Even if you couldn't accommodate what was said. So a source who would know told me those words were never used when, when Tiny Desk spoke to like Jennings.


They said It wasn't used in the conversation with him. And All Source also said to me, They would never use those words to any artist. Because Tiny Desk is a place where no matter big, small, whatever, if They think That, you have a good enough catalog. And, you could do It. They gonna let you do It. So I did wanna update here with That because we updated with That on social media, on me, on Twitter, Instagram, And, all That. Good stuff. So I wanna make sure we brought That back here again. Brown Girl grinding Brown girl, grinding And. Lauren la And. I. Want you to know some of the folks was really upset That, you called tiny desk's culturally, or people act tiny desk's, culturally clueless. They're like, they've been doing such great things with getting It, right? They was mad. AT you for That one. We They was clearly culturally inclusive about life gen. But They saying, They didn't say That. They said They. Didn't say That though. My source said They. Didn't say That. All right, we okay. What you want me to say? I Don't know. I.


Don't know I. Just like when people are upset. AT you. I'm Getting alive. I, Don, Don. Don't know any other way. I. I. I've accepted That. I learned That in therapy. We, speaking of therapy, And mental health. Trina has been promoting her book, the Baddest, which is now available. Book is amazing. I've read the book. In the book. Trina talks about just her You know upbringing, how she got into music, And her career over time. She sat down with Tamron Hall. And talked about a lot of different things. One of the things she spoke of was a miscarriage. That. She suffered. Let's take a listen. The miscarriage. That was something I didn't really never speak about. Even to my friends. Maybe two people knew AT, That time I don't even really understand what was going on.


Like It was just a dark space. I was working so much. It was no time to sit And. Like have a slumber party with my friends. And cry. I would cry on the road. I would cry on the tour bus. I would cry in a hotel, but I would have to hit the stage. That night. It was like swept under the rug. You tuck It in. And you. You don't think about It because you are always in the public of people. And, everybody wants to smile. And. I was hurt. I was sad. Inside I, just start questioning things. That. I believe in And. Why me? I blame myself so much for It. I. Feel like the conversation around miscarriages has has increased a lot recently. 'cause I mean You. know all our lives. We've heard about people having miscarriages or You know babies being stillborn.


But you don't ever hear how That impacts them or makes them or affects people. Makes them feel yes. Like I, I, I personally have never heard It unless You know somebody has been through. But now I'm starting to hear people You know, talking about It publicly. And affects both sides, not just the women, the men, as we For sure. And, I think it's a shame thing a lot of times too, like in her book, Trina talked about how, first of all, It affected. 'cause the first time It happened was when she was in a relationship with Wayne And. She said, That, It, It affected her or not. The first time I think there was That was the second time. Don't quote me on a number of times, but one of the times It happened. She was in a relationship with Wayne And. She said, It reflected. It affected That relationship a lot because she held so much in because she felt like It was her fault. She didn't know. You know. You can't really answer questions of like why things happen.


But Trina has been through so much That. She details in the book. She talks about mourning her mom, her brother And, her niece. As we, let's take a listen. The Loss of my brother is when life went dark for me. To the World They. See It as like happy, smiling And. Just keep pushing. But for me, since 2000, And 13, my life was dark until now. I just felt so disconnected from the World. Like I felt like I wanted my life not to be here. Not to even think That in 2000, And 19 I would lose my mom. And, That to me. I don't know how to explain That to nobody. I really like stopped believing in Everything. That. I believe in, in life like I just felt like God.


Like, what are you doing? Why is this me? I, I, get That. God You know gives the strongest to people. That's the I'm not That strong. I just stopped breaking down, losing myself. I could not I don't understand. How do you live without your mom? Man, And in That interview. She's visibly like she's crying. She's just You know. Trying to hold It all together. And, I. Think what? The big thing, the biggest revelation for me when reading Trina's book was, It's not That. She, she really? Oh, it's right here. What is It? She really put a lot of people, And a lot of things on her back. And, she just always just keeps going. know And, It, I. She's the baddest for a reason. Damnit, that's Right. know, like, but the even the baddest needs You. know some time to sit down. And really be able to take care of themselves.


Absolute And, It, It just absolutely seems like she had to always keep going because things were happening one after the other, after the other, after the other And. I'm like, man, how does she deal with all of this? And You know. It's crazy, right? 'cause like, when you write a book, you, you're so vulnerable in your book, And, when you have to sit down, And, actually talk about these things. That, you've never talked about publicly after giving so much of yourself in a book, that's where all the tears And, Everything comes. Hmm. Because you, you're retraumatizing yourself in a lot of ways. And, she said That, this book took her over a year to write because It was so, It was just a lot for her. And things were, were actively happening as she was writing the book. And And I wanna make It be clear too, on the miscarriages. She, she went through three different miscarriages. Wow. And. Now moving forward, They do get into a conversation because Trina recently was married.


She got married in May of 2024 to her husband, Benjamin And. She talks about how he's been like a breath of fresh air. And kind of like a, a a, a reprieve a a reprieve in her life. Let's take a listen. When I met Ben, he just, he replaced That a lot of the pain. And, the how I was feeling. And feel made me feel, feel fulfill like he poured into me. And It, It brought laughter. And It brought a lot of memories of my mom And, her energy. And how she is. And It just made me feel happy. know, like I started feeling alive again. I started feeling way More happy than you guys see me sometimes. And, think I'm happy. And, I'm probably crying under those shades or something. But I gotta do whatever I'm doing. And, keep moving for And. So it's like he's been there by my side.


Love. Never love, have left my side. I, love That. This is a new era for Katrina. Salute. Wonder. You gonna feel That? Lauren? Wonder Day? You gonna have a man You know, know side. And Everything. know And. I. Also wanna say I. I wanna drop on the clues bomb to Trina? And. I wanna You know? We, we missed Trina this week. know we were supposed to know Trina was supposed to be on Breakfast Club this week. But You know It was actually the same day as Kamala Harris, the vice President And know the interviewed the audio town Hall. And. It was just, It was a lot. It It was a con know, was scheduling conflict. know. Scheduling conflict. So we, we apologize. We apologize. Trina. Trina know. Absolutely, she'd love to have Trina up here. We love Trina. know she's always been good to us. So we definitely apologize the bad. Sorry about That Trina, that's the homie right there. She's the baddest And You know. She say her book, she Always pull up. No matter what men know, don't play with her.


On Thanksgiving day, 1999, a 5-year-old boy floated alone in the ocean. He had lost his mother trying to reach Florida from Cuba. He looked like a little angel. I mean he looked so Fresh. And his name Ian Gonzalez will make headlines everywhere. I Gonzales, Elian, Ian Gonzales AT. The heart of the story is a young boy And the question of who he belongs with. His father in Cuba. Mr Gonzales wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with Him or his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died, trying to get you to freedom. Freedom AT. The heart of It All is still this painful family separation. Something That as a Cuban You know all too. we listen to Chess Peace, the Elian Gonzalez story as part of the Michael Tura podcast network available on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? Training? Yes. Sorry. I. See, so, but you can do That kind of spooky. Scary. we can, but it's also because it's a ride. know You know Up. And down on It. But you're in It You know. know exactly. You're in the Spook I. Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise Know. If you haven't already figured It out. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Week joining I. Say, oh, I wanna go work with such And, such from Across Town know. From Across Town. My girl Across town know Across town You know a guy Across Town You know a guy, readers publicist, Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Culture Trees this year. There's one More question which I promised myself. I would ask, can you drop That grunge album? I'm so mad. That I. Haven't Don That yet. But you don't have to be mad because, because you're in control. I am. But who do I drop It with? we should we start a label? I, maybe. Wow. Listen to LASAs on the iHeartRadio, App apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I am Jay. She And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And Roy interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. We talk about guilt, shame, body image, And, huge life transformations. I was a desperate delusional dreamer. And, the desperate park I me in a lot of trouble. I encouraged delusional dreamers. Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. I just had such an anger. I was just so mad. AT life. Everything That wasn't right, was everybody's fault. But mine, I had such a victim mentality. I took zero accountability for anything in my life. I was the kid. That. If you ask what, what happened. I immediately started with Everything. But me, It took years for me to break That. Like years of work. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


Welcome to growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, where we uncover all the awesome jobs you can do when you grow up. I'm Emily And. I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh, wait a second, this noise. Ah, AT Winston, who always has some burning questions. What is It now, pal? Hey, Emily. Can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical. He's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks. But hey, we'll explore construction, car racing, And, plenty More careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids Grown Up is now available on Story Button, the kid friendly device for Screenless podcast, Listen More, listen to grown up on story button, the iHeartRadio App Apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't wanna miss. Listen, I feel very strongly. I need to earn every vote, which is I'm why I'm here having this candid conversation with you. And, your listeners, They, tackle the big questions, politics, policy, And, what's next for the country? I am running to be a president for everybody. But I'm clear-eyed about the history And, the disparities That exist for specific communities. And, I'm not gonna shy away from That. Don't miss this in-depth interview with Charlemagne tha God And, vice president Kamala Harris, only on The. Breakfast Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


But Trina, she's the baddest. Mm. Trina Trina raised us. She's the illest I. Love Trina. I can't believe you said That. What? They Love Trina. No. What? The little shot you threw. I ain't throw no Shot. You said, I'm one day I'm gonna feel a man by my side or something like That. I'm So wow. I can't even speak life into you. That's not Don. Don't I. Don't want That. Don't. I'm speaking life into you. Remember Pastor Stephanie, talk about them. Sometimes the demonic stuff comes. Here we Go. Want you to find, Man, we gotta wrap up. We gotta, I'm blocking the devil. I don't want anything. You block Your blessings did. Okay. Look, I need to big the thick cross. That's a, that's a thick demon over there. I need a thick cross. That's a thick demon. Alright, cow, we gotta wrap. It up please. Alright.


Thank you for just to mess with Lauren Rose. I'm armed by the armor. You See how my prayers work for Taylor? You didn't pray for That. You pray for Taylor. She is happy And in peace getting picnics. There's no way you pray for That. I did. There's no way I hope you fall on That Cheer S to our producer Taylor AT, The airport, the other, leave her her AT. 8 0 2. Oh my God. It we two hour we go later. Okay, let Taylor leave her on all we Charla man. Who you giving That Donker to Approved by Donald J. Trump. Paid for by Donald J. Trump for President 2024 Inc. They need to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with them. Okay. Alright. We'll do It. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Execution on the Donkey of the Day is something to hold.


Read. They gave me Donkey of the Day. And. I deserve. The people need to know. They need we. You need to tell them I Am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell. Tell them Tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a re. But you're so good. AT It. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. It only won Charlamagne alone. Charlamagne damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty other day too? Now We sexy Red Donkey today for Thursday, October 17th goes to approved by Donald J. Trump. Paid for by Donald J. Trump for President. 2024 Inc. You. know what you're thinking. Uncle Charla, what the hell are you talking about? Donkey today goes to approved by Donald J. Trump, paid for by Donald J. Trump for President 2024 Incorporated. we, the reason I'm saying them is because That is who is AT the You know end of this propaganda ad.


Okay. That Trump's campaign is pushing That has myself And DJ Envy in It. Okay. Salute to all the members of The. Breakfast Club across the country. Drop on a cruise bomb. So all The Breakfast Club members across the country, if you are a faithful Listen of this show, you are indeed a member of the club. I've been seeing them say this to me on social media for a while. But I don't be paying attention to comments like That on social media. So I didn't know what the hell They was talking about, but my canary yellow comrade DJ Envy actually sent me the commercial And earlier this week. Donald J. Trump tweeted It out. Okay, And. He put It on his Instagram. He actually posted It the day before I was set to have the audio town hall. We the people with the vice President Kamala Harris, which is why I didn't acknowledge It earlier this week.


Because You know the devil Be busy. You know the devil will try And. Do Everything possible to stop And distract you from your purpose. So I ignored It. So I could handle my business. But today is a new day. And Brett Bear asked her about It on Fox News last night. So why not? Now I'm not going to play the commercial, but just know Trump is using DJ And Envy. He's using DJ NB And I without our permission. Okay. My attorney sent the Trump campaign a cease And desist earlier this week. Did yours? Yes. Absolutely. All right. But They, but They are running these campaign ads in Battleground states And during NFL And College football games. That's why I first saw It And. When I first saw It, we were in here having a conversation about It. My reaction was because of the backdrop of football, It was effective.


Okay, first thing you hear in the commercial is Kamala Harris supports taxpayer funded gender transition surgeries for inmates. The Trump commercial You know has me repeating the line because I'm explaining the commercial to the listeners. And. I also say That. If you're watching That commercial during football And, you hear That line, you gonna say, hell no. I don't want my taxpayer dollars going to That. That's what he used in the ad. By the way, I wouldn't want my taxpayer dollars going to That. But guess what? Like so many other things, That I don't want my taxpayer dollars going to They already are okay. I believe. I haven't really, but, but I I believe That before I really looked into this situation. Okay? Simply because I have More pressing issues going on in my life. But the reason I'm giving Donald Trump And his campaign donkey is because number one, They are using us without our permission.


Okay? Lawyers already sent a cease set desist letter to his team. But also, this is the strange thing about politics. Vice President Kamala Harris has never been president. So these ads are slamming her for what Donald Trump has already. Don. See, the ad says Kamala Harris supports taxpayer funded gender transition surgeries for inmates. we, she's supporting a policy. That Trump's administration actually had, okay, there is a great article in the New York Times, That breaks It all down under Trump. US prisons offer gender affirming care. It's just a fact. Okay. Trump appointees AT, the Borough of Prisons, which is a division of the Justice Department, provide provided an array of gender affirming treatments, including hormone therapy for a small group of inmates who requested It during Mr Trump's four years in office.


In a February, 2018 budget memo to Congress borough officials wrote That under federal law, They were obligated to pay for a prisoner surgery if It was deemed medically necessary. And legal wrangling the delayed the first such operation until 2022 when Trump was no longer in office. But under Trump, the law stated transgender offenders may require individual counseling, And emotional support. Medical care may include pharmaceutical interventions, hair removal, And surgery. This statement in part reflected guidelines. That officials in the Obama administration released shortly before They left office in 2017, which were geared AT, ensuring transgender inmates can access programs, And services, That meet their needs.


So this is the law, And, it's been the law under quite a few administrations. The most significant change the Trump administration made in the treatment guidelines after It took over was the addition of the word necessary, which the New York Times says, created a higher but not insurmountable barrier to federally funded surgeries. I'm telling you, politics is just politics. And. I've realized it's all about who can blame who first. Okay, And. One thing Trump has mastered is the disinformation game. I told the vice president this Tuesday. It's not just you versus Trump, it's you versus disinformation. And people lead It up. If you watch this ad, you probably think MB And I are Trump supporters. And. You think vice president Kamala Harris supports taxpayer funded gender transition surgeries.


But it's More nuanced than That. As she said last night on Foxwood Brett Bear, when asked about It, she said she's going to follow the law just like Trump did. Let's listen. Are you still in support of using taxpayer dollars to help prison inmates or detained illegal aliens to transition to another gender? I will follow the law. And. It's a law That Donald Trump actually followed. You're probably familiar with now, it's a public report, That under Donald Trump's administration. These surgeries were available to, on a medical ne necessity basis to people in the federal prison system. And, I. Think frankly, That ad from the Trump campaign is a little bit of like throwing You know stones when you're living in a glass house.


He spent $20 million on those ads trying to create a sense of fear in the voters because he actually has no plan in this election. That is about focusing on the needs of the American people. Now, the vice president said $20 million on propaganda. Actually, it's like 65 million on anti-trans ads. Let's go to News Nation for the report, please. We, while the economy abortion, And immigration all remain top issues for voters, the Trump campaign is trying something different. Trump And his allies spending tens of millions of dollars on political ads focusing on transgender issues. In the weeks leading up to the election, the ads playing in key swing states, all in an attempt to win over suburban female voters.


Let's bring in correspondent Elizabeth Pran. So Elizabeth Republicans think They have found a winning message here. Know this is fascinating, right? If you follow, follow the money, essentially, where early voting numbers indicate That, there is a lot of eager folks, right? Willing to get out early. And vote early. What do They care about? we They care about the economy, right? They care about immigration. But former President Donald Trump is dumping, as you mentioned, a ton of money into ads pertaining to transgender issues. If you look AT, a Gallup poll, 90% say the economy is extremely or very important. They're concerned about democracy. If you look AT, AT, transgender issues, That trails around 38% Suburban female voters.


Y'all care about That More than Roe V. Wade being overturned. Y'all care More about That than women's reproductive rights being scripted away. To the vice president's point, there are way bigger issues. There are two things, That. The American people care about how They can get More money in their pocket. And. How we can be safe. That's It. Okay? The economy is the number one issue. 90% of the people say the economy is the number one issue, regardless of what your race is. Sexuality, gender identity, religion, cash rules. Where the dollars AT. Okay, what's the point of talking about anti-Trans ads right now. 65 million on anti-trans ads. Man drop That bag to people here in America who need It. Now, folks care about where their money is going, which is why when we see this ad, That says our money is going to gender transition surgeries for inmates we like.


Hell no. But the reality is It all falls under the umbrella of inmates. Okay? Any inmates in the prison system getting the proper healthcare They need. Okay? But you don't realize That until you do a little digging. It is possible to find the truth in The World full of lies. But sadly, you do have to look for It because nobody is going to give It to you, especially politicians during election season. Please let Chelsea handler give approved by Donald J. Trump paid for by Donald J. Trump for president. 2024 Inc. The biggest. He haw, He haw, he haw. That is way too much. Den mayonnaise. Ah, my mother was very disturbed with That one really Know I didn't getting a text to me all week, Because now 'cause they've been playing commercials where It seems like Charlemagne And myself, support Donald Trump with this ad.


That They spent 20 million And all over the tv. It's all over social media like They spent a lot of money on those ads. $65 million. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus Christ know, just on those ads, like not on those ads. I mean you could have took That money. And dropped It in the hood. I heard the day. That, he's gonna pop up AT a, a barbershop in the Bronx. Somebody told me That It know a barber shop on Castle Hill or something. You know going to the Bronx, 20 Mil, the Bronx to That up Bronx You. know what I'm saying? Take That bag. And drop It in the hood. It's coming somewhere around here too. know he's he's he's running around. You got 65 million for anti-Trans Charlotte. Your lawyer sent a what to him. Cease And. That That word was beating his ass. That Say It one More time. What Am I saying wrong about cease And Desist? Oh no, you got It. Now, earlier What I said earlier, he was like, S sis Remix.


I was like, whoa, don't worry to hate to see you coming. I didn't want y'all to see hell for a date. I don't want y'all to spend eternal life there, but just because you Gonna be the tour guy. I Just want them. You Service And, all That set Up for day, just 24 hours in hell for both. Just one More time for the people. Say Cease And desist. Slow your hair a little open up here. Just up here. AT the top. We Call It Is like somebody just drew the blind a bit. It's A I have hair you mad because my hairline still exist, But it's just right there. Put That Hood back on. Alright, we we come back, close The blind a little Bit. Open up the phone lines, Eight hundred five eight five one five. Let's talk. Tabitha Brown ladies, And gentlemen. Tabitha Brown writer.


She's an Emmy Award winner. She was trending yesterday because a situation That happened with her And, her husband You know, we ain't got time, but we gotta play It. Let's play It right fast. We, one of my friends was very friendly with Chance And went to sit on his lap. I said, oh, wait a minute. You lost your mind. Unask, my husband, girl, if you want, if you want to leave this apartment alive, what is wrong with, you know, And, I. Don't let It linger. We are literally going to address It right then. Ain't gonna be no after we, let's think about Uhuh girl. What, what's, what's going on with you? What's your problem? Right? Because when she did It, my husband was like, what's, wait, wait a Jim, like, try to get up outta That.


I was looking AT me like, babe, Is she sitting on the corner? we, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Have you ever had to check a friend for being too friendly or comfortable with your partner? Could you imagine if your friend sat on somebody's lap like Charlamagne? What did your wife say when you sat on Wendy Williams' lap? I just want you in hell. 25. You said you were I swear I this 25 Satan, please can I say That Satan, can you please just have said a word me in hell, not eternal life. Don don't want him in That forever. 24. All right, gimme 12. Let's discuss It. We'll discuss when we come back. 12. It's The, Breakfast. Club. How come were you up there? The, Breakfast, Club. Daddy calling my phone.


Phone. It's topic time. Call (800) 585-1051 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CHJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jess. Now, if you're just joining us, 805 8 5 1 0 5 And. We're talking about Tabitha Brown writer Emmy Award winner. She was telling a story about one of her friends sitting in her man's lap. Let's listen. One of my friends was very friendly with Chance And went to sit on his lap. I said, oh, wait a minute. You lost your mind. Unask, my husband. Girl, you want to, if you want to leave this apartment alive, what is wrong with, you know, And, I.


Don't let It linger. We are literally going to address It right then. Ain't going be no after we, let's think about Uhuh. Hey girl, what, what's, what's going on with you? What's your problem? Right? Because when she did And, my husband was like, what's, wait, Jim, like, try to get up outta That. Don gonna be like, babe, why is she sitting on the corner? My leg like, That, no problem. And, And. You could just tell It was such a norm for her. And. Nobody had ever got her together, got together real quick. Never had to get her together again. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Have you ever had to check a friend for being too friendly or comfortable with your wife or partner? Does this? You don't, you don't have a man. So Char, first of All, I had one for a very long Time.


How'd It go? Okay, you got me there. No, You got, you got Me there. No I mean That. I meant like, how'd It go with like, people sitting on his lap? Nobody would ever have sat on his lap. My friends, And, They, They not crazy, but They also not like That. Like, we don't cross certain barriers. I don't even follow my friend's boyfriends for real on like Instagram And stuff. It's just know I. Unless They do something I wanna see, like I didn't hear the whole context of what Tabitha Brown was talking about. But know, that's, that's I I. Think a friend would know better. know that's different friend. That's a different level of disrespect. know? Oh baby, I'm pun I'm hitting on you. And. And there know, there's no reason for you to, on your man, on her, her man's lap know. Nah, that's, that's, that's wild. That's weird. I I don't have any friends. Miss That was disrespect. I You know Mr tab. I love.


Tabitha's. Does Everything, is she Mrs. Claus too? No. No. Is her husband Santa? No. No. Ain't no reason. Nah. For nobody be sitting on her man lap. I can't relate. There's there's no friend That would would do. That. I can't, And can't even get uncomfortable. Outside the box. Wouldn't Happen. A grown person would even think like, you didn't think That went through. No, not AT. All know That is true. 'cause sitting on the lap, we don't talk about That enough. But sitting on someone's lap generally means it's like a, it's a gesture of affection, especially between partners. You, know what I'm saying? know like, it's signifying a close intimate relationship other than That child. Children sit on adults', lap their parents lap for comfort or closeness. You know what I mean when you sit on somebody's lap. That's an intimate or romantic relationship between the two.


Right? Unless you just You know Sunning somebody. And, like I said, it's like a child, like That picture That. Y'all talk about where I sat on Wendy's lap. She was treating me like her child. AT the time. What, what did, what did your wife say when she seen That picture? I don't know man. I don't even remember if we even talked about That. What was Your thought process when you got up there? What you mean up there? Like on her lap? 'cause he's little so, Oh know to climb up. First of all, I didn't have a thought process. Okay? She told me what to do. And. I did It. Alright, so, okay. What are you talking about? Thought process. Alright, there's no thinking involved with That. Okay. We Know you don't think we Shut up. we let's, let's go to phone lines. I'm sorry for laughing. AT your pain, bro. I'm sorry. No you're not. You're right know I'm know I'm not I nobody by male victims. Hello. Who's This? Hey, this is Tiffany.


Tiffany, what happened with you Tiffany? So I have a cousin. She moved to Houston And prior to her moving to Houston. She I would, she would always comment like on my photos on Facebook or Instagram, how cute or fine my man is so I, let this slide, she's in another state. So whatever. But she moves to Houston, we go out her intro, her introduction to Houston, we go out, we're having a good time. And, she just like throwing her ass on my man. Wow. So You, You You know She was really, she was really drunk. She was really, really drunk. And. So I, I don't take Drunkies as an excuse because I get I can get really drunk. And, I still know what I'm doing.


But anyway, so she starts throwing her ass on my man And. He of course moves out the way And, she's just flirting with him the rest of the night. So I just I wait because AT this point, she's drunk. And, we are inside You know the bar six 15 or whatever. So I don't want to I don't wanna cause any More extra. So anyway, the following day, I went to her house, tapped her on her shoulder. And I said, Hey, do You know you was throwing your ass on my man in A circle Yesterday? know we trying to anyway, but she was like, oh no, I did That, you knew. So she tried to deny You know. But long story short, I told her, I said, Hey I And, if this is not about me wanting to fight over a man, it's never about That.


It's about your disrespect in my face. I feel you. So, but you didn't do nothing in the moment though. She tried to Cousin And Faye, you, you. So what happened? You said she was drunk. Don Don't care if she was drunk. What? I don't care. No, because then, so now we're in a crowded bar. You know we get into a fight, get like I, don't nobody have time for That. So the next day, You know. So I went to her house. I'm like, Hey, do You know? You know one three X, YZ And. So she's like, oh no. I didn't know I was so drunk. But You know I'm bringing this to your attention because the very next time That, you think That, you're gonna disrespect me. I'm going to have to put my hands on You. What did your man do though when she threw That big ass on him? You said he walked off.


He wa know. He definitely walked off. He was just like, no Know. Maybe you shouldn't bring That family member out with you anymore. You see if he was bricked up Though, what'd you say? Charlamagne said, did you check to see if your man was bricked up? know? Was he bricked up after he got That fat ass thrown on him? No. I don't think he liked her. Like That. Okay, just making sure You know. So, but You know It. It's really You know you're my cousin. And. And. I feel like You know if It was a a quote unquote friend know You know I would've had to like check It AT That moment. But you're my cousin And I love you. So I'm gonna give you a piece of grace. So I, It depends on the situation. And. It depends on who It is. But for sure It has to be addressed because Its, not It will continue to happen.


Yep. And, you can't take out with you no More 800. Maybe I'm not held enough. I'm not giving my cousin Grace for That know. No, nah, Nah. I I understand. You don't wanna beat her up right then And there she drunk you tell her the next day. Even if I don't, even if we don't physically get into It Grace about what we like Talk, she drunk. But you just, you just know how she, where she stands. You never go out with her again. But Grace, I'm not the word Grace doesn't come. You gonna drag Her through the club. I might not to drag you through the club, but we have nothing else to talk about. I'm not giving you no grace. Don't come around me like there's nothing to talk about, right? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about Tabitha Brown. Call us up. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about It You. know we talking about It?


It's topic time. Call 5 8 5 1 5 1 to join It.


Hey, I'm Jay, she And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And raw interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. We talk about guilt, shame, body image, And, huge life transformations. I was a desperate delusional dreamer. And the Desperate part got me in a lot of trouble. I encouraged delusional dreamers. Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. I just had such an anger. I was just so mad. AT life. Everything That wasn't right, was everybody's fault but mine. I had such a victim mentality. I took zero accountability for anything in my life. I was the kid. That. If you asked what, what happened. I immediately started with Everything, but me, It took years for me to break That. Like years of work. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


Hey Low. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? Yes. I. See, so, but you can do That kind of spooky, scary. we can, but it's also because it's a ride. know You. know You Don And down on It. But you're in It You know. know you're in the Spook I. Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise Know. If you haven't already figured It out. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. I say, oh, I wanna go work with such And, such from Across Town know. From Across Town. My girl Across town know Across town You know A guy across Town You know a guy, breeders publicist, Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost T Trees. This, yet there's one More question which I promised myself. I would ask, can you drop That grunge album? I'm so mad. That I. Haven't Don That yet. But you don't have to be mad because you're in control. I am. But who do I drop It with? we should we start a label? Maybe. Wow. Listen to Oscar. Oscar JTA on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, a 5-year-old boy floated alone in the ocean. He had lost his mother trying to reach Florida from Cuba. He looked like A little angel. I mean he looked So Fresh. And his name Ian Gonzalez will make headlines everywhere. I Gonzal, Elian, Gonz, Elian, Elian Gonzalez, AT. The heart of the story is a young boy And the question of who he belongs with. His father in Cuba. Mr Gonzales wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with Him or his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died, trying to get you to Freedom. AT, the Heart of It all is still this painful family separation. Something That as a Cuban You know all too. we listen to Chess Peace, the Elian Gonzalez story as part of the Michael Tura podcast network available on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome To growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, where we uncover all the awesome jobs you can do when you grow up. I'm Emily And. I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh, wait a second, this noise. Ah, AT Winston, who always has some burning questions. What is It now, pal? Hey, Emily. Can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical. He's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks. But hey, we'll explore construction car racing, And, plenty More careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids Grown Up is now available on Story Button, the Kid friendly device for Screenless podcast, Listen More, listen to grown up on story button, the iHeartRadio App Apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't want to miss. The things That, we want And are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active. And, if we don't participate. They tackle the big questions, politics policy, And, what's next for the country? Doesn't The Biden administration have to take some blame for the border though? Charlemagne? First thing we dropped was a bill to fix the broken immigration system, which by the way, Trump did not fix when he was President. Don't miss this in-depth. Interview with Charlemagne tha God And, vice President Kamala Harris. Only on The. Breakfast Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


To The discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. If you just joining us, we're talking about Tabitha Brown. Now, Tabitha Brown was having a conversation. She was trending because of the conversation about one of her friends dancing on her man or husband. Let's listen. One of my friends was very friendly with Chance And went to sit on his lap. I said, oh, wait a minute, you lost your mind. Unask, my husband.


Girl, you wanna, if you want to leave this apartment alive, girl, what is wrong with, you know, And, I. Don't let It linger. We are literally going to address It right then. Ain't going to be no after we, let's think about Uhuh girl. What, what's, what's going on with you? What's your problem? Right? Because when she did It, my husband was like, what's, wait, wait a minute, Jim. Like, try to get up outta That. I Don was looking AT me like, babe, why is she sitting on the corner? My leg like, That I. No problem. And, And. You could just tell It was such a norm for her And. Nobody had ever got her together. Got together real quick. Never had to get her together again. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Have you ever had to check a friend for being too friendly or comfortable with your partner? Now we got by the wait, what did Tabitha Brown do in That situation? Like what? Like what did she say what she did? She Said, It in the video. I mean know In the video she said she addressed It. Right then And there like Uhuh. Hold on. What's wrong with, you know, you alright know? That's what I'm saying. It's like my I think my natural reaction. If I I don't wanna, cause a scene is like, like It just, you naturally be like, are you, you slow? Like what is wrong with, You know, sitting on the lap is different. Like that's, I'm telling you that's a different level of intimacy you sit on. You only hear about sitting on laps. And a few things when you kids, kids sit on standing laps. There's always kids, And, adults, wife, And, And. By the way, even with kids Wendy Williams, that's always times You know. Shut up. Don't You teach them not to sit on you? You ain't Saying you ain't sitting on no grown person Lap That. You don't know There's parents, grandparents.


That's It. That's It. That's It. Hello. Who's this Cia? This is Tammy from the 8 4 3 Hoola, 8 4 3 low country. What's happening? Where you calling from in the 8 4 3 Myrtle Beach? Myrtle Beach. What's happening? I can't wait to be home. I'll be home for the holidays, man. I can't wait. So, so now Tammy, this happened to you. Tammy I would love to I, would love to kick It with you for the holidays Come. He didn't say Kick It with you. Let's, let's go kick It. He didn't say Kick It with you. Then what happened? He definitely didn't say Kick It with you. You said he wanna go home. So let me tell you, uhoh, my, my best friend she lived with us for, for a little while, And. This was a particular night. My son, our son had my vehicle. So It didn't look like I was home. Me, And, my husband laying in the bed nude.


And, I was laying on my stomach. So she couldn't see me next to him. And, she opened my bedroom door. And just walked in my room talking to my husband, Trying to get him bricked up. So He's looking dumbfounded. But maam, listen, That, she was trying to get bricked on her jaws, which She was trying to, But I had to I laid there for a minute just to hear what BS was coming out of her mouth. That, you opened my door, And walked yourself in my room. So she's like, where's Tammy And? So I popped up. And I said, I'm right here. And I. Wanna know why you are in my room talking to my husband. And You know we sleep nude to begin with. I said, I'll tell you what, if you value our friendship, you need to move up out my house. And. Hey, how she know y'all sleep nude?


Why you talk so much? She Was living with her for a little Bit. How she know y'all sleep nude though know? She know y'all sleep nude. Unless she in the room. She had lived with me 'cause she came back from Dubai And. So she was living with me. It wasn't anything That. But how she know y'all sleep nude, Sleeping nude is That because we have those healthy conversa. we, I've had those healthy conversations, okay With My kids And stuff in the house. Like, it's best for you to sleep nude. So It wasn't like, It was a secret, but It was the fact, That you was disrespectful enough to come in my room without a knock or anything. And. You thought I wasn't home? No, not she That she was a Little comfortable. We like, you gotta move up. AT my house, she was too comfortable. So she comfortable her tail about my house. And moved all the way across the country. So we're we're still great friends to this day because she understood I wasn't playing.


Can I tell you something? You outta my house or our friendship was Don. Can I tell you something Queen? Absolutely. She thought you wasn't home. She Don walked in That room before when you know that's I. When you wasn't home. When you wasn't home. No. That's What It sounds like. That. Why she Didn't work. And, And, And, And. When she saw you I, I knew Exactly what It Was. Did you ask your husband about It? Because why? She just walking here. And And. First thing she ask is, where am I? AT? Because she's Don It before. Wow, And. She saw That. She saw you under the cuddle. So, 'cause you ain't the smallest. So she saw you under the cover. And. So she said, where's Tammy? Because she was trying to act like she didn't know you was dead, but she saw you under That cover. Why would you say she's not the small you? No you couldn't. No you couldn't see, you really can't. My husband was much is much bigger than me. So you, if I'm laying, Does Tammy sound big? You Can't see me Tammy.


He just came for You. Girl does Tammy sound big? Tammy, how big are you? Tammy saying You know the smile. Not so she could See. You said listen, I not worried. I'm not worried about him coming from me because unless you f And seeding or financing me, your opinion doesn't matter. Exactly. That, Don, I Was about to get on your time. 'cause don't Coming big back. Big back. Tammy. Tammy is not a big back. You know Here. Explain to her. Tammy And. You gotta find a Joke. You gotta know I not them. You gotta know them guys from Royal Beach. I'm retired military And completely fit. That's right. You bought, you bought five. I'm retired. Army And completely fit. You bought five, six You. know what I'm saying? Thick in the thighs. You know you from Tle Beach. Hey, hey Baby, I'm a little baby.


I'm a little big I already know. Thank you. Thick Tammy. know I. Wish I was five six though. I'm not quite five six Not fivefold. Five four. Exactly. I already know what's the wake know she thick. In my household, I'm six, six thick, dark skin with nappy hair. That's what I, that's what I do Know. Dang Jesus. Alright woman King, goodbye Tim. I Like, It. That's another thing too. My mind used to always tell me, you don't, don't move women in with your man. Say something else about losing weight. But go ahead. No. What? But nothing. Because you talk about I have to lose envy. No, I didn't say You had to lose weight. That's what, anyway, what's the the story know? No, what you, what Lauren said is true. Continue, Lauren. My mom has always told me, you don't move women, especially a woman you can't trust or you don't know, like That And with your man. You just don't do It.


It's, it's, you can't, you don't know what's going on with over there with her And with you gotta make sure he's straight too. You just never know. That's right. Oh, you let my checks Don start coming. All right. What? Right. I. Don't know what you about to say. You're right. Mic's on Jesus Christ. You never know what Him, you can't talk to him when it's close to the mic. Don't even ask him, Lauren. Bring It up. See, that's what I'm saying. Don't ask him nothing. Wait till the show's over. 'cause he just starts talking. And mics go on. He just never know what's gonna come outta his mouth. Pause. Alright. I was just saying how, somebody sent me a clip from Donnell's interview when he said, I don't know how to shut up And. They just sent It. And They didn't say nothing after And. I was like, what was his name? What was the guy's name who sent It to you? Mind your business.


He was trying to tell you something. You know That, right? Don don't know what he was trying to tell me. He didn't say anything. He was Trying to tell you to shut up. You talked To me. I'm not, we are not getting into the conversation. But he sent the clip. And I said, You know what? Donelle And I Ashley Lips I. Can't wait to talk to him again. All right, we, let's get to Jess with the mess with La And. La Rosa is real weather. Jessica Robin Moore just don't Do no lie. That clip. She don't stand. Nobody should said nothing. World I. Jess World mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren. Lauren, LaRosa. And. I got the mess. Talk, Talk to me. I, enjoy when Lauren talks. You should have never told him. That. Especially now go Lauren. I Wasn't asking if you did or you didn't.


So Don sucking regardless. So go ahead. We have some serious news to share. So you guys know the, the grandma who accidentally got the text about Thanksgiving a Couple years ago, know A couple years ago, 2016 And. Then the, the boy came over. No man. And. They've been doing the Thanksgiving together. She's Alive. Calm down. She's alive. Why would You know me? 'cause I, she's alive. New Its. not Its not funny because It is sad news. I'm sorry. She, I'm sorry. She So she didn't pass away. Nobody know. No, no. Okay, cool. Whoa. I mean the way you set It Up. I triggered you. I'm sorry. Yes. Jesus. She, she did just announce. So That, she has breast cancer. She is undergoing chemo treatment right now. And, she says That. You know she's very optimistic. She's been surrounded by family. And, a lot of love. And support And the people. AT, her cancer center are amazing.


But she had had bronchitis earlier this year. So she had to get scans on her chest. When They did the scans on her chest. They found the mass And her breast. She did a mammogram. And. Then from there, They found That. It. They confirmed It was cancer. And. She said It was weird because cancer doesn't run in her family. Mm. And she had been doing her mammograms every year. And. She thought, You know you turn 65, you're supposed to be able to not like, not do them anymore after a certain point. And, then I don't care what nobody says. Don don't know if it's the food. I don't know if it's the environment. I don't know what It is. But over the last few years, It feels like breast cancer. we cancer in general. Cancer has, has shot through the roof. But breast cancer in particular Know And colon, And, colon cancer. I've been hearing a lot about colon cancer. Okay, we can happier news with her.


She said That her And, what is his name? His name is what? Jamal. Her And. Jamal are still going to do Thanksgiving together. I can't talk about nothing serious in here with y'all. Would y'all like to I? Think that's beautiful? Would y'all like to take a minute? Do y'all need a minute? Do y'all need go send your prospective corners? No. I'm gonna tell y'all something man. I Feel like I'm on a family road. And. My kids is in the back. know my nerve. This guy Over here is stupid. He gonna look AT me. And say colon cancer. And, wink. Why would you wink AT me when you said That? Why? There's nothing funny? You know That I did not about him. Colon, I'm Hey, I did not wait. Hey, both of us had, hey, both of us had colonoscopies. Hey, correct. We don't. No More. No More. Hey.


But it's almost time. It iss the three year mark, right? Excuse, excuse me. Hey, My youngest always acting up. You Know, three years. I gotta go three. You got go five. You pos I about to pull this car po This car over. I'm about to pull this Car over. Now we just having health Talk. We gotta continue the mess. Sorry. Okay, now in More mess, there's a new Diddy accuser. So there's a woman. You okay? Next thing I'm, I'm taking your phone from, you know, Please take It now. Now this next one, another serious story, y'all. So there's another Diddy accuser. She, there's a woman in California. That says That, she was sexually assaulted by Diddy in 2018 after she accused him of being responsible for Tupac's murder. And That. She says That. She was sexually what?


She says, That. She was sexually assaulted with the TV remote. She's asking for $50 million. And. She says That, all this happened after she met Diddy's friend in a bar in 2018. Did this come Off That hotline? No, this was actually filed separately. I didn't see anything about Tony Busby. Okay, AT, all but I mean it's know. So there, there's been a lot in the news this week. You know. What did Tupac got to do with this? Like, I'm trying Confused. I. Think That They were just in conversation when, so the friend had had FaceTimed Diddy from the bar. The friend That, she met That was Diddy's friend. And. I. Guess he was like talking to Diddy. But she said That. He was just trying to let people know. He knows Diddy or whatever, allegedly And. This friend I guess passed the phone around. Maybe she got on the phone with him. But somehow some point her And, Diddy ended up on FaceTime. Allegedly And.


She said That. She asked him like, or told him like, I always thought you were responsible for the Tupac murder. I. Don't know if she was serious or joking, but he told her, I'm gonna get you back for That. Allegedly, according to her, And. Then she went to the friend's house in 2018. Later, later on AT, some point in Diddy was there. And? That's when all this went down. Allegedly. Allegedly, allegedly. Because you worked. AT, T, MZ. Is there ever like a, a fatigue That happens with these blog sites, meaning That. So many of these stories start coming in That, They don't get the traction anymore. So They stop reporting. They're not gonna stop this because these It becomes normal news. These stories are so left though know I'm asking Lauren I. Think It becomes new normal in the news cycle after That Point. know, even though there's nothing normal or should be normalized about sexual assault, that's not what I'm saying.


But what I'm saying is from a media perspective, they're going to do the story because it's Diddy And, he's a name. However, even the way That we're sitting in here And talking about It. I didn't go as deep as I would when we were first reporting all this stuff because it's, it's the same things. We're just being repetitive. AT. What? They're different stories. Like yesterday, different stories yesterday. Yesterday was the Macy's story. Today is is the Pac story. Tomorrow be like They They go old. Like just regular sexual assault. It's something. It's a story attitude. Nice. That makes people want to hear the story. You know And. That's what I was gonna say. Do you have to add things to It to keep the the interest going? Yes. know I mean, that's if you're a lawyer Or anybody else. I mean if you're a lawyer, but you as a lawyer, you're gonna have to prove those things, right? But as a media outlet, that's why they're They.


Only certain things will be reported. Like if, if you don't have a story like this, it's not breaking through the conversation that's happening right now. 'cause there's so many wild claims. You know what I mean. So soon as I said T Tupac tv remote, y'all were like, what? know? Like y'all tuned back in again. My kids in the car stop acting up And. That's exactly why am me outlet will grab this. So an attorney probably will You know things. But you gotta prove all this in court. know like the, the, the, the burden of proof. Shout out to the people who reach out to me. You know we gotta wrap It up. Who reach out to me from the show. And send me news tips. And kind of just You know talk back stuff. There was an attorney who reached out to me, And. We were having a conversation about the burden of proof And, the civil lawsuit. And, it's different. Different. So that's another too. With the civil lawsuit, you can kind of, people get a little crazy 'cause the burden of proof is way different.


What about the, there was something I seen yesterday. I don't know if you guys did It yesterday. We have to wrap up the baby now we got a second. The baby oil And, the, there was like They spiked the baby oil. know Was That True Or know? know And. I, And. All of those. First of all, that's an accusation. That was put into a lawsuit by an attorney who's claiming this is the boy who said he was 16 in 98. And went to the white party. And did he find like touched his private areas in That? In That lawsuit. His attorney is building their case by mentioning, oh, And. People say Diddy puts blah blah, blah, And, blah blah blah. Allegedly. But he never claims That happened to his client. The client said That, he saw It, whatever. So anybody reporting That as if That was confirmed. Honestly you setting yourself up for low key like defamation because that's not what the lawsuit said.


Okay? Alright. we That is just with the mess with Lil LaRosa man A lot. It's fine. I ain't having no kids. Y'all get on my nerve. Don't say That. Why you the Universe? No kids like y'all. That's why I'm not having no kids like y'all. Oh, Alright. we can you imagine if we were in the same class with each other? My twin girls are gonna be so sweet And. They're gonna listen to me. know y'all all In here. You have to have a man before. Anyway. Alright, let's get to the people's choice. Next. My you breaking down the birds And, the bees. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now salutes a sister soldier for joining us this morning. You could check out Love after Midnight. It's gonna be released November 12th, but you could pre-order It right now. She's over in Dubai. She's writing so salutes sister, soldier salutes sister, soldier.


Make sure you check out Love After Midnight. If you love the series You know what I mean. If you love the series, you going, you gonna love, love after midnight. Man, sister, soldier is extremely dope. So salute to her. Yes, that's right. All right, when we come back, we got the positive. No And More. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now it's time to get up outta here. S Salute to the The Yankees And. The Mets They play tonight. And. I. Believe the Liberty. Play I. Think I. Wanna say Friday? So salute to the liberty as we. All right, Charman, you got a positive note. I do have a positive note. And, it's simple. I want y'all to remember this on this fine Thursday. Being selective about who gets your energy is a form of self-care.


I repeat. Being selective about who gets your energy is a form of self-care. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all Don?


I'm Julian Delman. I'm Rob Gronkowski And, we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details. And, honestly, just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times. From legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, 5-year-old Cuban boy Elian Gonzalez was found off the coast of Florida. And. The question was, should the boy go back to his father in Cuba? Mr Gonzales wanted to go home. And, he wanted to take his son with Him or stay with his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died, trying to get you to freedom. Listen to She's Peace. The El Gonzalez story on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I? Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise know if you haven't already figured, It out the Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers publicist, Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Culture Chota, yet listen to Lost Culture. Chota on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Cheryl Swoopes And. I'm Tika Foster. Brisby And. On our new podcast, we're talking about the real obstacles women face day To day. Because no matter who you are, there are levels to what we experience as women. And, T, And I have no problem going there. Listen To levels to this with Cheryl Swoops, And, Tika Foster Brisby, And, iHeart Women's Sports Production, And partnership with Deep Blue Sports, And Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, I, am Jay Sheddy And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And raw interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. I was a desperate delusional dreamer. Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. Listen To On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.