
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime, or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo, yo yo yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Jess is out. Sick. Long LaRosa holding it down. What up Lauren? Good morning y'all. Charlamagne the guy. Peace To the Planet is Friday. Good Morning. How y'all feel out there? Yes. I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? How y'all Feel? That's it's Friday. How y'all feeling? Friday? What's up Lauren? What you doing for the weekend? You out and about? What you doing? Chilling. I might go home with the family. Okay. I'm not for sure, but if, if not, I'm going to probably go see Martin tonight. Martin Tonight? Yeah. He Martin's gonna be performing at the Barclay Center. He's actually gonna be joining us this morning. So we're gonna be kicking it with Martin in a little bit.


Oh yeah. And also Is Freaky, freaky, freaky, Freaky. Friday. Mandy B and Wheezy from Decisions. Decisions. We joined us. Yes. Ly Formerly Horrible Decisions. But you know they changed their name. Correct? 'cause they've evolved. Alright, so it's Decision Decisions. And they got a, a new book coming out. It don't come out till the summer. It's called No Holds Barred. A Dual Manifesto of Sexual Exploration and Power. That is on my book in print. Black Privilege Publishing. That's right. Which Simon is Chu and Decision Decisions is on the Black Effect Podcast network. Yes. Yeah. So they'll be joining us this morning. You getting money over? There we Go. I'm not, it's not about that. It's about opportunity. We are all being provided opportunities and so we provide opportunities. That's right. Not about money. The Lord, today, This old thing, it's just a cool little, it's cold outside, but Lord keeps you warm.


It's cold outside. I'm not gonna buy no fur. Now fur. I used to think people in like New York and Chicago and Detroit would just be in bougie Extra. Right. Being extra cold and they had big fur. No, no. It's cold. It's really cold. It's fly, but it's cold. I wouldn't do it. But it's still cold. It's Cold. It's cold. It's cold. Cold, cold, cold, cold. It's Cold. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I would do it only if I, if I knew Peter could see me every day. Oh, they would love to run up on you baby. No They wouldn't. Oh, they would throw some pain on Your back. Oh. Oh God. They would me, Peter, have a great relationship. Okay, Well put on a real fur. See where that relationship go. She's been up here before. What's her name? Engle, right? Yeah. She's Been up here. Don't tip Times. Don't gaslight her. Put on a real fur. See where that relationship go. It is Ingrid. I'm sorry. Ingrid.


That's her name. Ingrid. Ingrid. New Kirk SL to Ingrid. She sent me some crab cakes that wasn't even real crab cakes. 'cause I posted on social media. It was something about Charleston, South Carolina SL to the 8 43. Something about Charleston and crab cakes. I don't remember what. And they sent me some vegan crab cakes. I ain't never opened that box. Why? First of all, don't send nobody no vegan crab cakes. Okay. Because they not, they're not crab. Don't even call 'em crab cakes. No, I wouldn't eat meat. Why Do they do that? I think they just want you to see that there's other options. I've done vegan tacos before and it was cool. But That's different. I can see that. But don't send somebody some meat and then still call it the meat. Come up with another name for it is all I'm saying. It's how people Alternative. That's not real. What they eat.


Like they cook like mushrooms or something like that to make it taste like a oxtail. It's not. Nah, that's ridiculous. Nah, that's stupid. That's what I'm saying. Nah, that's stupid. But Emini here, they're mushroom tails. Yeah, they're not Ox, they're not oxtail. True ox ain't even ox ox is cow. Cow Tail. What they do for the buffalo wings, the Cauli flour and buffalo don't even fly. You see what I'm saying? Oh. If we really think about things, nothing makes sense. No, No. But oxtail tastes good. Tastes amazing. And I gotta taste for it now. Now I gotta Most one over my head. But buffalos don't fly. No, I can't. I can't even eat oxtail. I cut out red meat because you know, high cholesterol and all that stuff. But I don't have high cholesterol no more. My high cholesterol is down. There you go. Okay. There you go.


All right. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. We gonna start off with this new joint. This is Bruno Moss and Sexy Red. Didn't They just get in the studio together? Didn't Bruno Just say, meet me in the studio with some cocaine and sexy red or something like that. Did You, did you really believe that It was a setup? He was like, tell Sexy, I'm looking for her. And she said, Hey Bruno. And now on the song she'd be like, Hey Bruno. I think it was a setup. It was a setup, of course. No, it was a Great setup. Name of the song is Fat, juicy and Wet. Wonder what this is about. Sounds a little too on the nose. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning on the nose. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Whoa. Good morning. Let's get in some front page news. Now, quickly, NBA All Star game. The starters have been revealed. All right. For the Eastern is Giannis, Jalen Brunson, Donovan, Mitchell Kat called Anthony Towns and Jason Tatum.


So we got two nicks in there. So congratulations on the West Coast. It's Steph, you got shy, you got Kevin Durant, you got LeBron and the Joker. All right. That's what happened on the 16th in San Francisco. I know the fans vote for the starters, but there's no way Victor win. Bena shouldn't have been starting for the West. Yeah, but who do you, who do you take out? I don't, I don't know. But I know Victor went, Bena should have been starting for the West because the Center is is Joker. Right. It would be between him and Joker. I don't know. I just know Victor went, Bena should be starting in the West. But they Did 'em dirty last year too. It is. It it's a, it's a fan voting. Yeah. You know, I get it. Fans vote who they wanted. Yeah. All right. What's up Morgan? Good morning. Happy Friday. Envy Charlemagne and Lauren.


Y'all good? Yes, ma'am. All right, let's get into it. President Trump addressed The World Economic Forum virtually as it took place in Switzerland. Yesterday in Mark Trump's first major speech to global economic leaders. He said the inflation crisis is the worst in modern history. He continued to blame former President Biden for rising prices. And he urged businesses to begin producing their products in the us. He also said the Biden administration set the country back. Let's hear more from President Trump's speech at The World Economic Forum. The result is the worst inflation crisis in modern history and sky high interest rates for our citizens. And even throughout The World, the entire planet will be more peaceful and prosperous as a result of this incredible momentum and what we're doing and going to do.


I imposed a federal hiring freeze. A federal regulation freeze, a foreign aid freeze. And I created the New Department of Government efficiency. So The World Economic Forum is non-governmental think tank and advocates advocacy group with a mission to improve the state of The World by engaging business, political, academic, and other leaders in society to shape global, regional, and industry agendas. And speaking of Doge, the Department of Government efficiency, as the president mentioned, in case you missed it, Vik res Swami left. Okay. Multiple reports say Rema Swami, who was Trump's choice to co-lead the task force along with Elon Musk made his departure as he reportedly plans to announce a campaign for Ohio governor as soon as the end of this month, January.


Now Musk is now expected to fully be in charge of Doge, the Department of Government efficiency elsewhere in politics. Trump continues to sign executive orders making swift changes in his first days in office. It hasn't even been a week yet. Sheesh. One EO executive order that stands out to that stands out is to declassify records related to high level assassinations. Now, Trump signed an order vowing to release information on the murders of former president John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy. That's Kennedy's brother and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Trump said to many people have been waiting for a long time for this information to be released, added that everything will be revealed.


Let's take a listen to Trump signing the EO to declassify the assassinations. We have an executive order ordering the declassification of files relating to the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. That's a big one, huh? A lot of people are waiting for this for a long, for years, for decades. And everything will be revealed. Yeah. So, Dr. Martin, go, go ahead you guys. No, I was just gonna say, I saw the, I saw the King family asked to see, see them first before the public.


And I agree with that. Yeah. But boy, when I tell you I'm here for that, like that's the type of stuff I like to Read. But you know, he, he did this for JFK his last term and it wasn't released. So, and he didn't he do the same thing and they still didn't release the documentation? I never heard about this. This the first I heard about this One. No, he did JFK last time and it wasn't released. So I wonder if they're gonna actually go through with it this time. So to your point, Charlemagne, Dr. King's family has released a statement saying, today our family has learned that President Trump has ordered the declassification of the remaining records pertaining to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, his brother Robert F. Kennedy, and our father Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. For us, the assassination of our father is a deeply personal family loss that we have endured over the past 56 years.


We hope to be provided the opportunity to review the files as a family prior to the public. At this time, the King family is not taking any interviews as they await further information. So yeah, to your point, I'm sure they're definitely here for it, but to their point, I know they wanna see it before everybody else does to, you know, just get Ahead. I, I can't wait. They supposed to roll that out in the podcast though. But I'm sure somebody will because ain't nobody gonna be able to Emini here. Emini here. You can read through all those documents if you want to, but boy, it's gonna be a lot of information. Those executive order. Yeah, I was gonna say it's a lot to keep up with, but you know, we'll, we're doing our best here. So yeah, that's your front page news. I'm working wood at 6:00 AM and at 7:00 AM we, we'll talk about the birthright citizenship, you know, there's some pushback on that.


Alright, We'll get into that next. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. +1 800-585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you mad or blast, we want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yep. What's up? Envy? What's up Trav? Dad, what's up? Ja, It's Lauren. Lauren, it's Lauren. Oh, what's Up Lauren? How you baby? I'm good. Good morning. Hi. Good morning. Good morning. What's up, char? Peace sis. What's happening? I'm chilling out. I'm chilling.


I gotta get, can I ask y'all a question? What's up? Because I think people that have real mental health issues and stuff and people that really go through stuff like tho those are the ones who need grace. But did y'all see the story about the guy that went through the coffee shop line and he was, He didn't have his pants On. Shining His. Yeah, I see. Yeah. Yeah. He didn't have his pants on. Shining his fixture. Sad Story. He killed himself Front of a woman and he went viral for, you know, being creepy and he killed himself. Yeah. And it was like a huge discourse on Twitter. Yeah. And I just wanna say, man, people were like blaming like the woman that posted the video and it is like, bro, you can't expose yourself to me and think that I can't expose you to The World, man.


And I understand he killed himself And I understand that it is a horrible thing, but bro, you can't be, are They, are they exposing, are they trying to say he killed himself 'cause he went viral? Yeah, that's what, That's what embarrassment. That's exactly what Happened. Yeah. But clearly he had some other issues going on. Emini here, if he's walking in the place, place, I Think he was the front. I think he was just freaky. He said, well he what? He was in a car, he pulled up through the drive through With no pants on. With no pants on. And then when the girl came up, she had a camera and taped and filmed his car taken off. And I, I say allegedly. And allegedly because of that, he decided to kill himself. Sounds like a very complicated it. Sorry, We gotta stop, stop letting mental health on everything. He was just freaky. I think he was just a freak that got caught. He had just got married. He had, he had just got two kids.


I think it was just embarrassment. Yeah, I think no mental health played in this at all. Nah, Emini here. I, I don't, I don't know. I can't say it's not, but I will say this, we don't know these individuals, so we only know this one thing that we saw in his life. We don't know what is, what was going on in that man's life. We don't know that man. Backstory at all. You right. But just make sure that y'all just keep your pants on y'all. And, and you know, the, the crazy thing about that is after that came out, there was other videos of other people doing that, like pulling up to that coffee shop with no pants on and, and it, it is crazy. Oh Wait. Oh, there Just that one coffee shop? No, that coffee shop I think has a chain of, of things where Oh, oh, it's like a Hooters coffee shop where women, It's like a hooter. It's like a T'S coffee shop.


Bad chicks in there. Everybody keep doing it at this one shop. No, It's like a Hooters coffee shop where the women wear like the keys over and things like that. All over. Yeah. And Trav, how dare you tell men to keep they pants on you? You trav. What you going do? You gonna, That's right. You gonna bust through the jeans Trav, huh? Goodbye Trav. I hope the next guy you get will tell you the same thing when you and him about to get it on. No Trav, I'm keeping my pants on. Leave me alone. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new Day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake, Wake up.


Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey. Yeah, this is Will from, from Philly by way of South Carolina. What's Up? Will get it off your chest. Yeah, Man, just wanted to just talk about this healthcare industry. You know, I'm nervous but also frustrated that like, you know, my wife, she was diagnosed with, with stage one brain cancer at the age of 37. And just trying to get like, you know, just things for, you know, medication. You know, just trying to get, you know, long-term disability, even early social security signed off on her. It's just like, you know, so frustrating that nobody cares.


And the word care is in healthcare and it's just like, it, it just tricks me out. Like, you know, we got six kids that's like, you know, and one of 'em is autistic and it's like trying to get social security for him is even a problem because they say we make too much. But then it's like, well what's that gotta do with, you know, my son's disability, he needs certain things and it just, it just frustrates. It's like, you know, it it, it weighs on your mental health. It, it, it, it's weigh on the family and it's like, you know, me trying to do everything by myself, it's just like, it's, it's a struggle. You know, been been with my wife for 15 years and just to think that, you know, you know, she might not be here one day just like, it's it's, it's, it's crazy. It's crazy. And can't get the help.


It's so sad. Sorry brother. You Know, and you know, like, like, you know, And I hate to even like ask, but like, you know, just trying to get some kind of help is like, you know, it's like, it's crazy. Like I, I I really don't know what to do. Like, And I feel bad to even want to even ask like to even put like my cash app or something like that. Yeah, You should, you should never feel bad about asking for assistance, man. Put your cash app out there brother. Absolutely Know what you going through. You gonna need to, you going to have to be asking people for help, so don't, don't shy away from It. Yeah, yeah. I get, yeah, I get that. But like, you know, saying my family, you know, these sounds are hard now, you know, with Donald Trump in office and the prices, everything is just like, it makes you feel bad. But, but, but yeah. My cash app is W-B-L-A-N-B-I-N-G, Blanding w Blanding.


That's my cash app, You know? Yeah. Got you brother. And you know, we, we, we, we really have to stop calling ourselves the richest country in The World when we can't afford to take care of the least of us. Thanks for brother. You right. You know what Emini here, like, if we can't afford to take care of the least of us, when you got so many people out here struggling and can't afford their basic needs, how rich are you really? Now I ain't talking about financially like you should be, you know, there should be some compassionate capitalism in this country to where all of these trillions of dollars that are floating around are going to help people who actually need it. 'cause when you got a, a people that can't even afford their basic necessities, but you got people sitting on, you know, 400, 500, 600, $700 billion, that's not right. Compassion and capitalism. I ain't never even heard using the same thing. Oh no. That, that, that's a, I'm pretty sure Killer Mike coined that phrase and that was a phrase he was actually telling Bernie to Bernie Sanders to use when he ran.


'cause Bernie Sanders kept saying socialism. Right. Socialism is gonna turn off America. Right. But compassionate capitalism, I think that people something that's something people can get with. Hello? Who's this? This is Trey. What's up Trey, How are you? I'm doing well. How are you Trey? Get it off your chest. Okay. Since it is freaky, freaky Friday, I want you and Charlemagne to get OnlyFans. Oh, nope. We're married men man. Why would we ever do that? That's a sir. Well, Emini here. Charlamagne, you always talking about DJ envy beige bottom. So why not? Can I ask you a question? He just called you sir. And I know you're not a sir.


You're a ma'am. No, it's sir. Oh, you a sir? That's what I said. Now listen, now you, you know, its only listen, so you know it's only two genders. So what were you before Monday? Huh? Don't tell me. No, I'm just asking. Before Trump. Before Trump said his home too. Jimmy, why he coming for you? Did you send for him? Like what's going on? Exactly. What's the problem? I didn't know. You just sounded like a woman. Well, I can't help how I talk. That's true. That's true. That is true. But we're not getting only fan. I Appreciate that. You wanna see my, my beige bottom, but I'm sorry, my beige bottom is taken. Ma'am. Emini here sir. Y'all so petty. Thank you. That's all you really wanted, huh? That's really all I wanted. I've been trying to call up here, but it's always busy.


And Charlemagne, you never come back home to South Carolina. And so I was like, well let me just call. Why do y'all lie like this and say these things? I just, I I'm gone. No, because you don't come to the upstate. No, you go down low country. He like Never come down low. That's the down, because that's my home SL to the H six four though. I love the H six four upstate South Carolina. But my home is the low country. Can you tell Me? Yeah, but we got a whole state here. That is, I'm aware, You know, he likes it down low. Trey, you know the low country? He does the low, he does the low country in the metro Columbia. That's where I'm at. Columbia Orangeburg, you know Charleston Monks Corner? That's that. But I love the upstate though. Love the upstate.


Yeah. Oh yeah. And I heard that they love the crystals down there in Orangeburg. So shout out to you for that. Thank you very much. Yes, crystal and Orangeburg is doing very well. 1486 Chestnut Street, Orangeburg, South Carolina open 24 hours a day. Monday through Sunday. Yes. There you Go. Well thank you for calling in Trey. Alright, Bye y'all. Thank you. We got, we we we got a, we got more crystals coming to South Carolina too. I you Say What's you be saying low country, that's like just Southern? No, the low country is where if you in the South Carolina area, there's the low country, there's the metro, there's the upstate. The upstate is where she's from. So that's like the Greenville, Spartanburg area. Metro is like Columbia and the low country is like Charleston Monks Corner, you know Somerville, goose Creek.


That's the low country area. 8 4 3 8 0 3 8 6 4. South Carolina. We out here. What's happening? All right. Okay. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just the mess coming up Lauren. We do Scissors headed to the Super Bowl. But we knew that though. We gonna talk About it. All right, we'll talk about that. Next is The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious show mean to God. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa News Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spare nobody. Why Jess Worldwide on The Breakfast Club.


She's the coaches. Who? Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. So yesterday Kendrick Lamar announced one of his guest performances for the Super Bowl. And it is CS a Let's take a listen. What's Up with it? Everything's smooth. I'm on the field right now. Yeah, you know, same old. Keeping the body emotional, getting that wind up. You know this field a lot bigger than what people think. So that's a must. Exactly. Now I've been thinking about a guest performing Only. Right? It's only right. It makes so much sense. So when the music drops for those who did not see the commercial, you see someone walking out, it's a girl with big hair, she's holding a big Gatorade bucket and then she dumps it on him and then her face shows and it s says a So of course people have been decoding the visual.


Oh God. Decoding the visual. So first things first, when she throws the Gatorade on him, of course it is blue leaning into the Dodgers. And then, well, I gotta be the Dodgers. I can't be Crips. It could be that too. But we, we trying to keep it, you know, sl the Crips And then people started decoding what was on the actual field before you see SSA walk out. Now Lemme tell you what Lawrence said before we started just, she goes, I said, what is line Numbers on the field mean? What do these numbers in these lines mean? That's the football field Said Vy. What, what, what are these numbers? What lines? I said that means at the yard line. Right? Don't worry About it. Lauren y would never believe that. I used to work for intramural sports at my school, right. At LL State. And, and by the way, it definitely wasn't for football. It I did, we did date flag football. You are the worst person to watch championship games with Super Bowl games because we sitting there trying to watch the game and you asking the most basic question.


What's that thing in their hand that they keep tossing around? Not me, not knowing what the football is. How many shots in there am I? Listen, are the wings ready? The wings are ready. The grants is made. Okay, don't play with me. But no, we listen. So when the visual dropped, I just watched it and then I started seeing all these fans decoded, right? And there were a lot of things leading up to this. Let's talk about SSA's Q1, right? So she dropped the deluxe of her album, right? She has the movie one of them days by Issa Rae with Kiki Palmer. And now she's going and, and now she's gonna be doing the Super Bowl. So all of this happens. So it only only makes sense for her, right? CSA is, and it's well deserved. It's, and they're going on tour and they're going on tour the GN X tour. So we already kind of knew. So it's like, duh. But then when this comes out, you start thinking about like how much other intentional things is Kendrick doing?


So the 50 yard line, y'all remember the Drake drop Emini here? The, the whole drop in gimme me 50 thing. He did the 50 yard line and he Line 50 yard. He's not, he well you, the 30 is right here. The 20. And they're saying he's gonna get to the 50. So that's 20, that's 25. He's like on the 27th. Y'all gotta Pin it up. No, he moves in the video. Oh, this Video still you a Picture play wanna band wokeness, right? Don't be trying to play me, me. What else you see? So then you see like there's a marching band that marches out in the video. People are saying that this means that Tyler, a creator might be one of the guests because remember Tyler the creator had that big viral moment with Jackson State's marching band for the sticky song. And he was, he came out at the pop-out. Just follow me here, y'all okay? I know y'all don't be knowing what's going on in the streets, but just follow me.


Tyler Came out to pop up. Yeah, you gotta stop listening to social media about every single thing Emini here. It makes sense though. No, it doesn't. I feel like I feel Like a person every, anybody who probably use uses a band when they do the Super Bowl. Okay. Alone. I don't Leave too many people that haven't used leave me alone A band. But the blue Gatorade was on point. He's la he has a blue hat on and he might be associated or Whatever. Okay, so this can be s symbolism. Why can't this The blue, the the blue might just match his jacket and and The hat Y'all are really Hat and how many Gatorade colors are there are really haters. There's only like three. By the way, we do not applaud the relationship that pg Lang and TDE have. 'cause that's very rare after the fact when you see an artist, you know, finish his contract deal, move on.


But they're still so closely still cool. Yeah. Connected with each other. I think that's a amazing, Yeah, I love it. And also too, a few months back, CSA interviewed Kendrick Lamar for Harper's Bazaar when he was first talking about not Not Like Us. And he was giving her so much flowers. I'm like, something this is before they did the music together all I'm like, something's coming. They're so smart about how they intertwine our artists. But you know who I also think is gonna pop up there? I really think we gonna see Doce on that stage. You think so? I think so. Even if it's for like a, a split minute or just like a something. I Will say this though. Did anybody on social media because it, it's, you know, it's, it's SA and it's Kendrick Lamar and it's the 20 year, 20 yard line. Last year was the 20 year anniversary of TDE. Oh, they don't start that.


Didn't get that one. Don't start that. You should tweet more. No, I shouldn't. You actually Really good at this. You should tweet a little bit more. No, What else you got? Well, another great announcement in the room. Wait, Trump declassified the Super Bowl file. Another great announcement in the room. The Breakfast Club is coming to Tuby. Okay, can clap it up. We Finally gonna do our murder mystery. You don't wanna do the Tuby murder mystery. Remember I told y'all that And I I don't want no real guns. We use our fingers Powow and the bullets be coming out our fingers. We Need to I you do Finding Lauren a man. I thought that was part of it too. That's that's gotta be a Nat Geo on Tubby on what? Huh? You said Nat G? No, no na go ahead.


You were such a hater. What? You really, you really be a hater. So yesterday, yesterday it was announced And I was wondering, 'cause Tubi reposted one of our videos of Boseman St. St. John. And I'm like, why did Tubi repost this? I thought it just went viral. It's On Tuby. Yeah. And then I saw the announcement. So we are gonna be on Tuby. It's going to just be basically grab content that is put on Tubby. It's not a live show, correct? No, It's not live. Live show. No. So can you talk to me about the decision to do Tuby? Like why Tuby over other platforms? Tubi has 97 million monthly listeners And I think last year it was, oh, what was the number last year? I think last year they did like, lemme give you the exact numbers. Hold on, gimme one second. Hold on, just hold on. I write this kind of stuff down. Talk heavy. Oh yes. They had 97 million monthly, they have 97 million monthly active users and they had over 10 billion hours of content streams last year.


And so, you know, we meet people where they are. Yeah. So it's gonna, it's an exclusive 24 7 digital free ad supported television channel that we will have. The Fast Channel will feature all of our show's Best moments and original short form content. So make sure you guys soon and people always ask me, where can I watch you guys? Like people who don't just get on YouTube and everybody's on YouTube. So now this is where you can watch Everybody's on Tubi, Excited to see it. Especially black people. So meet people where they, are We gonna be doing movies? Yes. The Breakfast Club Murder Mystery is coming soon. And I got a romcom with Envy. A romcom with Envy. We Gonna have no guns. Tubie got a bilingual song Shooting out our fingers.


Yes Man, that is just with the Mess with Lauren Rosa Evvy. No, I'm not your friend. Matter of fact, I, I realize that I'm not your friend. Why Not? Friend Friend? He mad at me because he in here yesterday was clean. The best eater. No, He said I was the best eater And I thought we was getting Never called you the best Eat You Did. You called him your Best Egg plant eater yesterday. Don't try. And why he do this to me? Wait a minute. Why did NB Just say that? I called him the best eater and that's why I thought we was gay. Gay? I didn't say gay. Gay. What you say Gay? Forget it. This Is what we bring going on is we Nobody said gay. Gay Ain't wrong with being little gay. Everybody's a little gay Being gay. Gay. I know you keep saying That's Tubby when we come back we got front page news And then it's freaking, freaking freaking Friday And exclusive.


Ain't nothing wrong with being gay Doc on Envy on Tuby. It's The Breakfast Club. Wake up, wake Up, you're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's Steve j Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Justin. Let's get in some front page news. Now let's start off with some quick sports. Now this weekend, if you're a football fan, if your team is still there, the Eagles take on the Commanders at three o'clock and the Bills take on the Chiefs at six 30 on Sunday. Who we got? Who We got? Who we got? I Think it's gonna be the Eagles Chiefs. I got Commanders Chiefs. I think the commanders gonna win the Super Bowl. Morgan, who you got? Once again, I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan. I'm gonna listen to me. I'm gonna ride from my other home team, the Commanders And I think the Chiefs are gonna pull it out against Buffalo.


Okay, What Y'all wanna know who I got? Who You got Eagles? Okay, blow the whistle then. Lauren, did I answer that Right? Emini here what You mean? Did you answer it right? You don't know that's your pick. Oh, Okay. Alright. Right, how we supposed to know if you answered it right? We'll know after this weekend. No new here. I didn't, you know, I just got a team. Okay, Well What's up Morgan, let's jump into it. I'll say welcome to Water is Fine honey. Okay, Le let's get into it. So the National Urban League,


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing, it's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night Football and Prime Video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot


com Health, A Demand Diversity Roundtable here in Washington DC earlier this week. And in the Black Information Network exclusive, I spoke with Janae Nelson from the Legal Defense Fund about the next steps to combat Trump's anti DE And I, diversity, equity and inclusion executive order that he recently signed. Let's hear more from Janae Nelson. And The way that we engage communities is to help get them organized to either join us in our lawsuits as plaintiffs to help educate other community members to get involved, to lobby their Congress people or state representatives to ensure that our voices are heard and of course to cast their ballots for individuals who support the issues that will help better our communities and our country and to support initiatives along those same lines.


Yeah, so this comes as of course I've mentioned President Trump ordered all federal employees in diversity, equity, and inclusion roles to be placed on leave. And yeah, what do you guys think about that? Does that sound like a good, good steps or, you know, good first steps? Listen, I, I salute to her. I respect her because you know, I I'm so sick of people just talking about the problem every single day. Like, y'all y'all, y'all not gonna make it. I was on the daily show last night and this is what I said on the Daily Show last night. Y'all not gonna make it to the next four years 'cause y'all barely can make it to the, to the through the last four days. So instead of sitting around discussing problems and you know, you know, posting every single thing Trump does that's wrong, where are the solutions? So I like anybody that is being solution based, so salute to her.


Alright, so a federal judge in Seattle, Washington is responding to President Trump's executive order on birth rights citizenship. The ruling prevents Trump's executive order on birthright citizenship from taking effect. Washington State Attorney General Nick Brown led three states in the lawsuit, Washington state, of course Oregon and Arizona. He says the 14th amendment to the Constitution was meant to reverse the Dr. Scott decision by the US Supreme Court that upheld slavery and denied citizenship to black people. Let's hear more from Washington State Attorney General. Nick Brown Created a cloud of uncertainty for children being born here and in Seattle, all across Washington and all across the country.


It was put into effect to reaffirm what it means to be an American. And so that's why this case was so important. No one individual, not only not even the president of the United States can simply erase what it that amended the United States Constitution. They could certainly take that action. Yeah. So the judge ruled the lawsuit will likely prevail and at least five different lawsuits have been filed over that one specific executive order to reverse birthright citizenship, which basically says that if you are born or if your parents were born in this country, or excuse me, if you were born in this country, despite where your parents are from, you are in fact a U US citizen. So envy you should be all Right. Right. I'm we not sure about that. The jury is out, Morgan, but I will say this, I've been getting calls, I've been getting calls all week long.


You know, it's funny that you said that. My dad hit me yesterday and said, you better travel with your birth certificate in your pocket. That's right. I'm a citizen. Y'all your daddy. No, no. You better listen to your daddy. Yo, What's your dad trying to tell you bro? You better listen to your daddy. All right. Your daddy trying to tell you something And I be like I said, I've been getting calls If he let me find out. You got a lifetime story going on. So wait, is that all your dad said? That's all he Said. And we might have to give you, I was born in here in New York. I don't know what y'all talking about. We might have to give you up. Does Brook Club be international then? You you just broadcast from Domen Dominican Kitchen. Yeah, Dominica. Oh my gosh. Oh my goodness. So this is important, you know, to note, to make sure that you, you wanna remain in good standing, right? Because the Justice Department is threatening to prosecute state and local officials who, who resist the federal crackdown on immigration and I'm sure other things.


So the DOJ outlined on Wednesday, president Trump's plans to challenge sanctuary city laws and said that those who declined to prosecute immigration cases will be put under investigation, potentially leading to prosecution acting de deputy attorney General ML said federal law prohibits state and local official from failing to comply with lawful immigration related commands and requests. Now the memo from both called the CHA changes interim policy guidance as Pam Bondy awaits to be confirmed as Attorney General. Here's random news that you should know as I wrap things up here on front page News, spirit Airlines. Y'all take Spirit Airlines. I Don't know. Hell no. No disrespect us like that ever in your mother effing life, Morgan, some people Have to, some people not have to.


Some people fly Spirit don't do that to me. Well that's unfortunate, right? Alright, so listen. Listen. If you're a passenger that flies spirit, just listen up. Okay? So Spirit Airlines is implementing rules for passengers regarding offensive tattoos or sheer clothing. These might be the type of people to fly Spirit. Spirit updated its contract of carriage saying passengers will not be allowed to board or they will be asked to leave if they have body art that's considered lewd, obscene, or offensive in nature. That also applies to passengers who are inadequately clothed, which is defined as see-through clothing not adequately covered, exposed breast, buttocks, or other private parts. Now the budget airline has previously banned barefoot passengers or offensive clothing.


How dare you spirit number one. I'm already embarrassed. I have to fly with y'all and now y'all want to embarrass me more. Okay. How dare y'all turn anybody away? Nobody wants to fly with y'all spirit and Unless you bring what you on spirit and wear, the less you gotta pay. So, You know, do you know Spirit is nothing but a Greyhound bust in the sky. That's all it is. And you, I'm just thinking about, Yeah, I somebody, me on Spirit, guess who flewed me in on Spirit? Kelly, this guy right here, Charlamagne had to book out flights for, I can't remember what it was, but he booked out flights and he booked it on Spirit. I had no idea what Spirit was. I waited on that line and then they said go and you had to fight for your seat. First of all, I feel Like everybody has had like a, a, a occasional run with spirit. It's okay. Envy. Yeah, but my problem, Why would you put him my spirit Though?


Because he's my bottom bitch. You talking about put a bottom bitch on Delta and JetBlue. Hell no. He couldn't even give you Southwest baby. Couldn't envy. You need to get your, whatever y'all be doing up because you ain't even, Whatever y'all doing, He ain't even get you a Southwest flight baby. That ain't, you ain't doing something Yo, love. Alright, thank you. I'll, I will keep my foot on Spirits neck until I'm a spirit dammit. Oh Lord Jesus. Alright, thank you Morgan. Alright, yeah, that's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Have a great weekend. Peace Morgan. All right, now when we come back, it's Friday. So you know what that means. Freak.


It's freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. Hey and Mandy B and Wheezy from Horrible Decisions. Now Core Decisions. Decisions. That's right. They're Decisions. Decisions. We'll be joining us next Formally known as Horrible Decisions. We don't put the horrible first Anymore. Okay. Okay. Erase their wholeness a little bit. They deleted their wholeness allegedly. Well, we'll see after this interview. All right, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. We have Mandy BN Weezy from Horrible decision, but they changed the name. Thank you. Thank you. Is Decision to our podcast, Is that possible?


No. Yes, it is serious now. It is. It is absolutely possible. You Can delete your wholeness. You grow up, you could move to a different city where no one knows you and then want change your Instagram. Someone request worked at the grocery store, they said, Hey, you can't delete it. Well good Morning ladies. Well Morning. Good morning. Why did y'all change the name For the coins Charla? Oh, not only that, when we started Horrible Decisions, we were 26 years old. I was selling college. I was in my last year of college. Weezy. We were both in corporate and we was kind of living life doing, doing all the things and we just kind of, yeah, in your whole phase. We was in our whole phase. Okay. I think everyone has a whole phase and now we're out of it. Okay. And we just, you know, are growing with our audience. Okay. And growing with the, with the dollars to be fair.


Doing this book though, you know, I was telling people like, I wanna do Drew Barrymore, I wanna do this and that. And I just can't see them saying whore, you know, especially not Drew Barrymore. She not both of them. Oh no. Drew Barrymore goes though, no Emini here with growth and with also wanting to be respected as an author. I feel like for the people that don't know us, everybody that like is in the podcast world understands our evolution. And I think that's when we started to gain our respect to know that, sure, we talk about sex, but it lasted so long, we've been able to catapult into all these different ventures. But a new person, I feel like they gonna be like, eh. How do do you think the fans took it like that? Y'all took the horrible off? I think the fans love it. I think the core fans are happy. I think the casual fans just found a way to get angry at you.


Like people get very excited if they think something bad is going on. You know what Emini here, like literally the second they saw that horrible would be going behind a paywall. It's like, oh, they fighting and Charlotte don't want that. I heard done with them. Like, you know, it's, they can't wait to feel that. And Mandy And I, being that we've been colleagues for so long and we've had on air mess and things like that, I feel like that was the sexiest part of the story. When really now we're so much older, it's like, okay girl, Mandy's celibate. Right. You still celibate? Oh, Oh yeah. Nah, over Uhuh. I ain. I started the year off Jesus. You know, A bang. I just seen you a couple of Months ago. I was celibate. I seen in the club. She was like, yo e I'm celibate. I'm starting over. That wasn't even a couple months ago. That was a few ago.


It Was, it was a couple weeks ago. That was your magic city moment. That was, yeah. I love how you said club. You could let them know we were magic city. It was A magic city. Magic. We was a magic city. Sell to see Magic city. Yo, that's the first thing she told me. It wasn't like e has a family said, yo, what up E I'm celibate now. I was like, huh? Who made you break the celibacy vow? I Saw somebody cute. So it wasn't even relationship. Jesus, you was already went or ate, have a wholeness. Can't be deleted. Jesus, It's Emini here. It was intimate. It was sensual. We Kissed and cuddle. Have you seen him since? He doesn't live in my state. So he's flying to see me. Yes. Wow. Put it one night stand or something.


No, no, no, no. We're About to go to the second stand. No, I'm saying when y'all first did in a one night stand. The second stand. What what? What's the first stand? The first stand was great. It was when I saw him. Did So y'all didn't date, y'all just you seen? No. Okay, now let's, Now you gotta explain it. You, I'm Just not celibate anymore. Okay. Okay. Alright. And this is what the book is about, about liberation growth as women getting what you want. Did you meet him at, at Magic City that Night? No, I met him on an island. Ooh. So you know where Mandy Got moved? What island? St. Croix. Oh. Which was Absolutely. So you was on vacation and you let one of the island boys. Yes. Y'all ain't changed nothing with the name. Don't do that.


We're growing. We're growing. I'm trying to think mine, what, besides this blazer, what's the biggest rebrand thing of me? I I, I will say this, I think now I'm so over communicative where in the beginning of horrible decisions, I wasn't talking about exactly what I wanted. My feelings, even the type of sex that I wanted to have, like situation ships, I was falling into 'em all the time. I think as you evolve and you get more comfortable with yourself and who you are, that's when it hits. I actually don't think that could happen before 30. I'm being honest. Mm. I think you could try to get close to it, but there's something that happens at 30 where it just clicks. You're like, oh no, this is, this is no 30. You, you look better, you feel better, you make more money, you know a little bit more of what you want. You done dealt with enough men in your teens and twenties that now you can be like, okay, I don't want that, but this is what I Want.


Do y'all want an activist relationship? No. Do y'all want marriage? Anybody want marriage? Yeah. I don't. Do you want a monogamous Relationship? Not monogamous, but Emini here. Of course I want marriage. I'm like, what? Listen, if we're not gonna have sex with a nanny, what's the point? No, Emini here just doesn't fit my lifestyle. Like I, I've, I've been known for having a boyfriend and a girlfriend since I've been 20 years old. Like, And what about you man? Ethical, non-monogamy. I wanna throw that word in there. What's that? Yeah, we like that. So that's where like consensual. It's consensual. There's like, there are boundaries you are communicating and it, it's under the umbrella where you could be poly open. Like there's, you could be swingers. There's all these different labels underneath ethical, non-monogamy. For me, I like men and women And I don't want to not be able to experience both.


Gotcha. Off of that. All right. We got more with Mandy and wheezy from Decisions. Decisions. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne. The guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Mandy B and Wheezy. Of course. It's freaky, freaky, freaky Friday from Decision Decisions. Now you were talking about you like men and women, so y'all ain't bisexual men. And I was, and the reason to ask that, who was up here and they said that it wouldn't bother them. Doci, DOCI, DOCI. I heard Doci talk About it. You said she wouldn't, would y'all mind? It wouldn't bother me. No. No. I would wanna See it and for me, it's a caveat art. So the thing that attracts me to women is their femininity. Like I've never dated a stud. Right? And no disrespect to the studs, I just never, you ain't on the stud because you, you feel like you In righty.


Punky came on horrible. I was like, I don't, no, it should be cooking and stud. Bri grinder. The only stud. I I, we all got one. I want Brittany Griner. That's it. That's the only one. As far as men, I love the masculinity in men. And so if I was dating a bisexual man that maybe like a homo thug, I could Be that wouldn't mine. But he just gotta be a thug. You want a thug on a thug. There's Also levels to it. Right? So I really truly believe every man has had some sort of experience. I think everybody look gay. For real. For real. Even you on your kid, you a little, a little Find a little gay. Like, does that mean There's Like, there's a, there's a, there's a spectrum. The kinzie scale. Everyone is not all the way fully straight or fully gay. Can I look that up? One line? Yes.


K-K-I-N-S-U little like a little gay. Like you can, you can even, and it could be as little as you can actually admit that another man is attractive or a good looking man. Or you could have classified as gay. Why can't this be? Well, because it's, it's the attraction to the same sex is different, but, but no, You could say a man is handsome but attractive means you. So You Say a man handsome. You did. You did. Because You do have men that won't even do that. Then I think, you know, there's so many men that would say they ran trains in high school. There's another man that wouldn't get naked in front of, I never liked trains. Yeah, trains free. Like there is levels. I don't think that's gay, by the way. That's why I said a gay, if you don't penis in a male that's not gay.


But why you and another man are in joints? Oh, y'all got y'all Standing there. Is it pretty? Did you hear what I Just say? What? It's not gay. It's not gay if you penis in a man. No, I said it's not gay. I Know you not get penis in the mail. So was you Hate what you wanna hear sounded, you said it's not gay penis in the, you got gay ears. That's, you got gay ears, your ears against. So envy. As long as it's oral then no, it's fine. Okay. No a hand, no. Okay. I just, Okay, I'm looking at the kinzie scale. See it's a real thing. It says X, no social, no socio sexual contacts or reactions. Zero is exclusively heterosexual. One mostly heterosexual only slightly homosexual. Two mostly heterosexual, but more than slightly homosexual.


Three equally heterosexual and homosexual. Four mostly homosexual, but more than slightly heterosexual. Five. Mostly homosexual, only slightly heterosexual. And six is all Homo Charlotte is about a five. I swear. Like the days where you was straight or gay. That's a lot. Yeah, that's a lot. That's a lot. Yeah. I too, now by the way, I have a friend of mine his day is Christopher. And on New Year's, five, six years ago, I'm never forget I kissed him like I was like, ah, he's gay. Kiss him. He looked at me and he was like, you, I am gay. Gay. And now you ruined it. He's a six. He's a little six. He's a six. When I tell you he was really upset with me, I was like, I'm so confused. I just thought, oh you're having fun. He's like, no, no, no, no, no. I am not gold star.


He's like, I didn't even have, I came from a C-section, I'm platinum. Mm. He was like, are you kissed me? You ruined this. You messed him up. Now he fell a little straight. That's messed up. That's who I would define as a six. I know one thing, Toronto might have to re six that six thing. Knowing that six, knowing that six is the highest on the kinzie scale. That's funny. Exclusively homosexual. If you're a six, that's what it says. I Feel like you all the weight gay. No Say that. You gimme hot straight girl that got one lesbian friend and she be doing this. She be like, nah, that yeah, that that's me. But I ain't gonna lie. Back in the day, yeah, I had a couple gay experiences. Yeah, like kiss a little bit more to kiss. But you know. Yeah, I, I dated a stud for like a little minute until I found out she was married and she ended up being a clown.


Oh, you number two And then number. Yeah, mostly we had asexual, but more than slightly homosexual. Not, it might be a little three Because she, I think it's, see she dated a stud. So that always tells me like you kind of are the straight girl. That's like where you could dive into it because I don't, I don't find like the, the femes to be at attract. Like yeah, you're beautiful to me, but I'm not, I wouldn't be attracted to a feminine girl like it is like I get it. Nah, I don need too. So, no, for me, I like that. I like you. But y'all have The same crush too. Who? Who? Y'all too. Mandy, you and Manny have the Same Brittany And I think a lot of people have a crush on her. Doesn't everybody want? Yeah. And until I call, until I heard her call herself pops, I'm like, dang. Oh no. You know What's wrong with pops?


Nah, there's certain things that you could say that make you just instant corny. It's like Noy, I thought corny. You Like masculine energy. You see what Emini here? I, IM saying like, well she already got the voice of God Emini here that like the whole thing. But Emini here, I just, you know, she, she ain't like when she was doing the interview and Shane ain't like when somebody was like, the girl was like, oh you about to be a mom, you about, you know. And she was like, nah pops. And she got seriously I remember that. Yeah. I was like, damn. I remember. But I wouldn't just assume that if I never heard her say that. Like I wouldn't have said Congratulations, yo, your mom. I wouldn't just be like, yo, congratulations like you pops now. Because I think that that would offend her. Right. But she was offended at her being called mom. Gotcha. So I call Britney Damn.


Yeah, good. Called Britney daddy. I would, lemme tell you something. When I, when all that stuff was going on, I was like, we gotta get her out. We gotta get her out. But I'm okay with still having as a crash. I'm, I'm okay with letting her go. Mandy can't have it because my boyfriend looked just like us. So That's crazy. Jesus Christ. That is crazy. Sorry Chris. So with decisions Decisions, is it less sex talk? Like is it less? Yeah. Yeah. We we're leaning more into the conversations around relationships. So non-traditional relationships, non-monogamy, all the ways that you don't have to go about the traditional way of dating and pursuing love essentially. 'cause us growing up, what is it? Get married, have kids live happily ever after. Correct. That's not everyone's reality. But it's cool 'cause we are diving into history, which we always kind of did during horrible.


But now it's fun. Like we're talk, we talk about the history of romance. The first date even the history of romance is dope. I was, when we were talking about it was the first date, like how the first date was different. There had to be a male caller at your home knocking on the door, asking your parents, they were supervising you. Oh, I'm an idiot. I thought you meant like y'all documented the first date ever. Oh yeah, You said histories. I was like first Date we ended up in a time machine. How it evolves over time. Even the history of romance. How you know you marry for like you Talking to some dumb hoes right here. We Listen, I'm not Ahoe. Okay. I retired a long time ago. Me too. Now you just duh. Me too. Now the history of the romance crazy because it basically romance was a sickness and they believed when people were in battle or in war, they would start a war over love.


And they were like, oh yeah, you can't fall in love. So that's why you would marry for agriculture, socioeconomic stuff. And it's just fun to dive into this because we already have been talking about sex and dating so long. So now we just get to go back and people enjoy learning about stuff with us And I, and we're not scholars. So that's what makes it fun. All we got more with Mandy and Weezy from Decision Decisions. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the j and v Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Mandy B and Wheezy. Of course. It's freaky, freaky freaky Friday from Decisions. Decisions. Now you got a book coming out as Well. We do. We do. Under Charlamagne's Imprint. What's The name of the book? No Holes Borrowed. It's a duo man. So any hole no Holes, BARR.


Okay listen. All of them. All right. It's a dual manifesto of sexual exploration and power. And so we each dive into our journeys as women. I did a lot of diving in therapy, like going all the way back to like my childhood as to maybe why I date the type of men I date. What type of men? My views Emini here. Everything. That's not my daddy. So non Shortt, Jamaicans. Jesus. Jesus. But I, I go into that and even as, as early as me, like talking about my journey of having anal sex and how I used to think any man that wanted it was was gay. It was a five because I was like, well why would you want that back hole when there's another hole?


And so I I A five, oh that was funny. McKenzie scale I thought like just me. No, but it was, it it like, it like goes through my journey of even like having to relearn and unlearn the things that aren't true. And then we even get deep and we talk about like our sexual assaults. I talk about my abortion when I was 16. So the book is broken down is cool 'cause like when we get into that stuff. So it's pleasure, pain, progression and and power. So like in the pain section that's when abortion and sexual assault comes up. But there's also a story of a dude BD Sm BD sm as well. Like tying me up, spanking me, choking me like Mandy getting electrocuted.


That's my favorite. I what I electrocuted. Electrocuted. I, I went to a dungeon with my ex and we agreed to both do two things that we had never done before. So I, he agreed to put, allow me to put him in a chastity belt which took some time 'cause he kept growing and he couldn't grow in order to lock him in. And then I allowed him to do electroshock inside of me with a tool. Which means what happened to me as a child. It was great. A dildo electric. Yeah. And so like, it like spawned all of these electro currents inside of me and it was the best feeling. It felt like almost like an alien. I was like I'm never gonna feel this again. It felt like eight tongues inside of me giving me oral at once.


It was, it was the best feeling. I was like I, this ain't a normal feeling you gotta get. It was great though. So this is why you can't be one person. One person can't just be doing all well. But to be honest I don ride. I don't ride. So I would love for my partner to be able to experience everything he wants to experience that I'm not down to You mean don't ride. I don't get on top. Lemme go get you somebody acrobatic it. You mean you can be electrocuted but you can't. But I ain't getting on top but I ain't getting on top. Nope. Dang. It takes more effort I guess. Oh yeah. I just came back from Carnival and the way them girls were whining they hips and doing all the splits. I said my man deserves to experience a woman that flexible. It ain't me though. Isn't that a position of power for women though? When they on top When yeah, when they're what In my opinion and it's the strongest speaking.


It sounds good. That's great that y'all receive it that way. You ain't got no rhythm. No, no. Oh me, I'm half white. No. Did you After Jamaican I knew it. I I know. So it goes, it goes both. It goes both. It goes both. You know. Okay, so what is trap house? Oh girl, explain this. So I've been going to workouts in New York for almost a decade And I love Pilates inspired movement And I love lifting. And so literally I went to a Pilates class, I'm not even joking, it was February this year And I was saying to the instructor like, oh my god girl that was such an amazing workout. Thank you. Like I needed some, like some trap or something. She's like, I've never played that here and made me feel so small like, And I was like, I'll make that shit. That's dope. And so, and it's funny 'cause someone said to me when I made it, do you know Envy wants to do hip hop Pilates?


Who told you that? Who? Maybe it was just someone I mentioned it To. I thought about it because in A meeting they mentioned it. I Don't, I don't tell nobody, especially not him, but I go to Pilates, right? But when you go to Pilates there's never no music that you, there's no hip hop music And it's hard. You're shaking, you know what I'm saying? So literally my favorite genres of music of all time And I listen to everything is trap and house music. So I was gonna buy an apartment in New York, right? I had money. I was like, I got 150 came, I'll buy a million dollar house. And I was like nah, it's either that or start a business. So because I'm not a fitness and trainer, I had to, you know, partner with someone. And so I found my favorite instructor in New York, black dude, his named is Jeff Blue. And I was like Yo, I want you to make this. And he literally was like trapped And Pilates. I'm like, I'm telling you dog, It look like business is booming though from what I see on Instagram.


I haven't been able to take a class because it's been so busy. Wow. I wait because of Nohow. Congratulations though. That's what's up. Where y'all come We people don't talk about your entrepreneurial adventures enough. You know what I'm saying? You got WTF Media, Mandy, you had the studio called I still have it over there. Still got the studio. Yeah, it's just now need to know studios. Oh to know. Yeah but I, I relocated to Atlanta. I have other opportunities professionally down there. But yeah and right now I'm working on scripts and pitching those. I just wrote a another proposal for a book after writing the book with you. I definitely just love the process. I want to continue doing that and yeah, I think over the last eight years I think that's why we've been able to keep this going 'cause we've both been able to just branch out individually and do the things that we really like to do.


Turning over your money that you make. Like when we got our first black effect check, it was so dope because to be on salary for a podcast, it's just like unheard of. And we were making, we quit our jobs before, you know, so like we were in this doing this but it's just mind blowing that we've been able to take that business acumen and flip it. Because a lot of people think when you're a podcaster, people really don't know how I make money. Like I think so many people think I have only fans when they meet me. Which I get it. I feel like I could have the look my titties already out like okay but content creation is one thing and then it's like well business is another, business is another. Well no, not only that, it's just diversifying as well. How you bring in money. So between Black Effect now the book with Charlamagne as well, then we have Patreon, then we tour merchandising and Justin and merchandising doing panels.


We have five different means of income just for the podcast. So even though we're not in the writeups like the other white podcast talking about a hundred million dollar deals, our business not yet. And what Horrible Decisions does make seven figures a year. Absolutely. Yeah. No not yet. We're a seven figure podcast. Y'all be a hundred million yet? We're not a hundred million that, but we are but we, we have seven figures and we make that yearly. That's right. So I love that. And then again that's just one form of income. Again she has her studio, I have my studio, we have other things that we do as well outside. So Our decision is a business that generates money And I love how y'all use that money to build other business, other Businesses. Yeah. I honestly want every podcaster to start considering building another business. It doesn't have to be brick and mortar but like literally Oh yeah. Shout out to you.


What is, when you got into brick and mortar, even having the studio like dealing with an actual location and staffing. I'm like, oh yeah that ain't me. Do you know the owner of the building TF and Soho? So we got three buildings, four different studios. Right? The Soho dude hits me up about how someone filed an insurance claim and I'm like, what? They were like yeah they fell my bathroom. Yeah. I was like I'm so sorry to hear that. He was like, it's good. Like he has huge buildings. He's like I've already got this covered. But like that's what's terrible. That could break a building. Yeah, you're not gonna break a business. You know How much I spent trying to make sure to fit in the studio. Got mm right. Insurance that at your house sits at your House too. It's crazy to me. All the businesses though, all the projects, everything that we do creatively, those are my babies.


As a woman that doesn't want kids. And when people talk about what legacy looks like and things, the things that I'm creating are gonna outlive me and my kids if I had any their kids. So to me my legacy and what I'm leaving are the things and businesses that I'm creating. And I think Wei And I talk about it as well. I think it's wonderful that we're able to like provide salaries and pay people. Like even our horrible decisions team is like 10 people. And then she has her studio team. I have my studio and it's just like, it's great. Well I'm proud of y'all man. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank You. You know the book No Holds Barr, the Dual Manifesto of Sexual Exploration and Power will be in stores June 24th. June 24th. You Preor. That's right. Mandy, we we appreciate y'all joining us Decision Decision podcast.


Go preorder the Book. Please go pre-order the book and make sure you listen to us wherever you listen to your favorite podcast. But also on the iHeartPodcasts app 'cause we are there under the Black Effect Network. It's Decisions. Decisions. And then if you do want, if you do want the X-rated things where we do talk more about sex Horrible Decisions did not leave, we're just behind a paywall. So join us on Patreon, it's patreon.com back slash horrible decisions. The whole hive is so active that when the book first was announced, it was


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing, it's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this you watching Thursday night football and Prime Video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like an intelligent all-wheel drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. Is about staying focused and grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. And if you wanna lose weight while you're firm and tighten even that lower pooch, you need the 80 Day Obsession Fitness and Eating program. It's 80 workouts, you'll make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. And if you buy 80 Day Obsession this week, you'll get a second program of your choice free. And if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession this week and get a second program of your choice free. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Number One on Amazon. They went ahead And immediately were, were pre-ordering their books. So we're really excited. And of course we will be touring. We'll announce that later. But you guys will be able to see us, us do this live. I know we gotta go but just to tell you about Haw talk to me. There was a girl that's a really big fan of yours at the live show we just had and she was taking a picture. Oh good. I know. Oh she's taking a picture of me And I'm like, oh I know you will go to all his book for did you see him? She's like, yeah he hoho. He always here. I was like, Wow. That Les made me tear up Like that. Decision. Decision. Decision Wheezy. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Salute. Decisions. Decisions man. Make sure you subscribe to the Decisions Decisions podcast on the Black Effect. iHeartRadio podcast, network.


Decision, decision, decisions, decisions. Alright, morning everybody. Dominican, The Breakfast Club. I'm not Dominican, I'm black. You better stop that man. 'cause if Ice comes to my house, I'm sending 'em to yours. I already sent 'em to yours. First of all, how you gonna send 'em to me and I'm already sending 'em to you. I'm already working with 'em. Right. Okay, let's get the justice. I just told him record yours please. News is real. Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spell nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren, Lauren la back And I got the mess. Talk to me.


Okay, so ASAP Rocky, we've been talking all week about, you know how things are developing early and yesterday they actually settled on a jewelry still, still no black people in the jury though. But they settled on a jury. They did 12 people, four alternates. It's made up of seven women, five men. The alternates are all women. They're white, Asian, and Hispanic open. The statements are supposed to be begin today in LA at 10:30 AM Pacific Standard Time. And over the last couple days, Rihanna has been coming up, but for some reason yesterday they really leaned in on the Rihanna thing. Like they asked one woman who was like a school teacher like, 'cause she said she knew Rihanna's music. Like okay, so if Rihanna walked in this courtroom, would you be able to do your job? And I guess the woman hesitated a bit and she was like, yeah.


And the the judge was like, well why would you hesitate? And she's like, well I was trying to imagine it in my head. And then first All, that's a random ass question to ask a juror. No, you have to because really? Yeah, because you wanna, you're trying to figure out if there's gonna be a bias because these people are saying that they know the music because basically she may be a fan. Well they asking, Asking the wrong questions. They Just say, what's your favorite makeup line? Is it Fenty Beauty? They asked that too man. They they asked that too. Yeah, they did. Wow. You gotta know the, I think if you dig deeper, like what's your foundation number for Fenty be beauty or what's your favorite Rihanna song or do you think Rihanna should drop a new album and then let the girls go off and see now you know, if they're really a fan, that's how you can know Rihanna stuff. But anyway, back to the drawers. So they also picked, I thought that this was interesting. One of the reporters in the room said that they picked a juror who was an old firearms instructor.


I thought. And so did this reporter that they would ASAP Rocky's team would be like, nah, we don't want her. Because remember there's been a whole conversation about the gun, it being a prop gun, not a prop gun. But both sides were like, yeah we want her on the jury. So that was a good thing. They also, some of the reasons why some people didn't get selected I thought was adamant. But I'm like, how do you prove this? So one guy, he was saying that he didn't get picked because he said he doesn't trust police because his mom used to be beat up by his dad and the police never did anything. But you don't, they didn't verify that he just said it and they're like, okay cool. You have to, Well they can't verify everything. That's what I was saying the other day. When you have jurors, there's certain things that you say they don't have time to, to see if it's true or not. But if they see somebody saying, Hey I don't trust the police, you're not gonna put them on the case.


Man. Sometimes you gotta get on cold though man. You ain't supposed to be in there telling him the truth. Okay. He wanted to off though. He, if you a Breonna fan, are you an ASAP Rocky fan and you know that you wear four 70, you know for deep skin with cool neutral undertones. You don't tell him that. I know that's right. Get on that damn jury and you say not guilty. One girl said How wrong with Y One girl that didn't get picked. They asked her like, what is her job? And she said, oh I'm a viral content creator. And I was like, what is that? What do you exactly do? She said, I create viral moments. So the judge is like, well do you know is at Rocky like do you know who he is? And she said, yeah of course they didn't pick her because she creates viral moments. You can't even have your phone or anything like that or be online like that when you're a juror. So Yo, it's impossible to have jury duty and the minute jury duty gonna be AI because it's impossible because you cannot, they used to tell you to avoid the cases.


You can't avoid this stuff. You can't avoid this. This stuff plays out on social media all day long and in The World before it even gets to a courtroom all day long. Like all jokes is like, how is somebody like ASAP right here gonna have a fair trial? I was that somebody like gonna have a fair trial. Like They, you, they're famous. It's like you can't get around who these people are. Rena just did the Super Bowl a couple of years ago. How could you not know who she is? How could you not see her? And you get charged, like they'll, they'll, they'll take things into consideration that don't have anything to do with the case. Like for example, somebody like a Diddy, the jury's going in there to talk about the crimes, right? The alleged sexual assault. But think about all the other stuff they probably done seen on social media, including the Cathy tape over the last years, The Casie tape and all that. How do you have a jury nowadays? Seriously? I Don well what else would, what would, if you don't have a jury, what do you do for a trial by jury?


I don't know. I really don't know. I have no idea. It's almost impossible now that like he said, everything's online, everything's on social media. Everything plays on the news, right? Well another I guess like court doc stuff. Yeah, Drake Universal Music Group. So there is reportedly a filing by Universal Music Group and this filing reportedly is a response to Drake's pre-action deposition request. Remember he filed in Texas and he filed in New York saying I want y'all to go inside these companies because there's Paola happening, whatever, whatever. But it wasn't a lawsuit yet. So he dropped the one in New York and filed the actual defamation lawsuit. But he still, the one in Texas still stands the pre-action motion. So U Universal Music Group has responded to this in in court filings reportedly.


And they're saying basically we, we need to sit Drake in the corner because he's just a whiny brat. He got into this rap battle back and forth with a artist in Kendrick Lamar. We do, you know, work with both artists catalogs and because he was upset about something that was said in a song called Not Like Us, he is now retaliating against Universal Music Group in efforts to suppress our support of the song. That's not fair. He decided to get into this rap battle. Both artists said things about each other and claimed things about each other we're being retaliated on because we're doing our job as a music label and it's not fair. So they're asking for all of the money for the legal fees that they are having to incur because of the back and forth that they're now doing the documents and gonna be doing in court potentially.


And they are asking for his premo discovery request to be dismissed. And they're saying that by law they shouldn't be retaliated on. But I think it's kind of crazy how Universal Music Group really keeps Little boy and Drake like they keep talking to him. Like that's not our problem. Well we in court now, so Yeah, what's the problem? That's, I think it just goes to show business is still business at the end of the day. 'cause I'm sure Drake is like, I did so much for y'all, I made you guys so much Money. Ain't nobody bigger than the program At all. That that's what this is. This is really what This is giving. Hey, nobody bigger than the program. And you can learn that the easy way or the hard and he's learning it the hallway by filing what I believe to be a frivolous lawsuit. But you know, what do I know?


Yeah, what do you know? And What if somebody sues him back for the same exact thing? And I hate the fact that, you know, they keep saying, oh, he's not suing Kendrick, he's suing UMG if the lawsuit is full of Kendrick Lamar lyrics. Okay. And that's the reason you suing. Come on now. Yeah, Emini here. They mentioned that in the, in the introduction of this document, universal Music Group does reportedly they say you should have took that up with Kendrick. Like basically your issue is not with us the label. Right. Your issue is with him. We didn't make the song. He did. And by the way, I said it once, I said it twice, I said it a million times. The person who actually has the real defamation lawsuit in this situation is Kendrick's woman because she's wife, she's, she's not a public figure. She minor her business and she got accused of being a victim of domestic violence.


And he said that her child was not from Kendrick's best friend, business partner. Well that's true. That's the real defamation. Could Adonis, could, could Adonis bring legal action too? Because Kendrick spoke to Adonis in one of the songs and said, Did he say something that wasn't true? Said your father's a terrible person. That's not defamation Emini here. That, That, that's more defamation on Drake's then. That's not def I guess super a defamation for Well in other news, Kanye cannot be canceled.


Apparently he has rejoined the billionaires club with an estimated worth right now of $2.77 billion. So Etan Venture Services is welcoming Kanye back into the Billionaires Club after it is revealed that he has a net worth. Now that 2.77 billion, the company revealed that the valuation of west net worth is based on his music portfolio and the, so the so ownership of Yeezy it's brand, although Kanye nor ET services divulged like additional details. This is a big deal because y'all remember he was the billionaire status, Forbes, all that stuff. But then they claim that he lost the billionaire status due to the end of his partnership with Adidas. And he's been on this whole vote tour and they can't cancel me. I'm gonna do this by myself. And this is giving it working Well, dropping a clue bomb for Kanye West.


What is, what is Kanye selling them? Is he clothes? He did. Is he selling clothes? I, yeah, he done done, he done small releases like the wet t-shirts and like stuff like that. And he actually made it very affordable. Like the wet t-shirt was like $20. Gotcha. He done? No, I saw a hoodie last week. Last week. Yeah, hoodies. I think last week he made like two, $3 million in a day. He Had some womens stuff coming. Is it mine? Yeah. Lemme see. Is that on the Yeezy site? I guess so The website's at the top. It says yeezy supply.com. I typed in Yeezy but I don't know if that's the same Thing. Yeah, so he's, he's been doing small releases. Okay. And I saw him post some new sneakers that look very comfortable by the way. See I got 46-year-old feet though. You coming back over to the Kanye West support side. What do you mean coming back over to the Kanye West support side? You've never rubbed me as a guy that supports Kanye.


Like, I don't know, I wear Yeezy slides to this day 'cause they're comfortable. I've always said that You like the slides, but do you, are you in support of Kanye at this point? I don't understand y'all. Why? Like, there's no s that things aren't that extreme. It's like, yo, I'm not going to dis him 'cause he, he made $2 billion Easy. If that's your question. I don't understand. Like I've never stopped wearing Easy's. Like what? Just I didn't know. I'm just saying I didn't just, it's because I disagree with certain things that a person does. Don't mean I throw them away. I like easy slides. I I Okay Bro. You don't wear easy socks. I I don't have a pair of easy slides. I actually do. But I love, I have the, we, I have a bunch of stuff from the white collection That was actually the biggest issue. I was like damn, are Yeezy's gonna become a symbol of hate?


Charlie ain't got the socks. Remember Easy Socks? He got Those. I ain't never had no Zy. Socks. Socks, socks. The Black ones. I ain't never did that. The Ones that he got? No, I don't even go with his swag. He dressed like the uncle Barbecue. The uncle's at the barbecues ain't wearing no to me Personally. Yeezy socks the best thing Yeezy ever made to me. They so comfortable. I've heard that. So comfortable. Easy Slides though. Easy kicks is dope too. I really think Kanye ones though, in which The older ones, the three fifties and All the, oh, older. The older ones. Those were dope. Yeah, those Were dope. But he can't do those no more though, right? No. 'cause they Adidas. Yeah Adidas Also, I'm not a hater. I didn't say you were a hater. I just didn't think that you were with the bring Kanye back round train. But you know, in wrapping up, why Would I do that? You just, your Remarks Have never struck me that way. Listen, I can disagree with a person and not agree with what a person does, but I'm never ever gonna do that.


Especially to a black man. I'm never gonna say, yo, he's done. Leave him alone. Throw him out. Don't ever bring him back. No. All Kanye West Talented. That's the press's job. Gals, gals, gals, gals, gal, charlamagne. We can be a don Too. GS gals. Go, go, go. I'm saying that's the oppressive. See We don't do that. I think you just angry. That's why he tried to break it Up. I am. That's true. I'm not saying, all right gal, we gotta go Donkey the day we give you a Donkey too. Before after hour. Speaking of angry, okay, there's a man named Monja, DJ James Wooden who needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him please. All We'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. I just wanted to know how you came up with the donkey D because you're mean I'm not, what did I don A bunch of donkey.


That is why Charla, if we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may ascend, we never will say anything on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlemagne to God, it's a donkey that, Oh man, Charlemagne, you giving donkey today? To who now? Well Buster Rhymes donkey today for Friday, January 24th goes to Monja. Think that's his name. Monja Monja D James Wooden. Okay. He's 25 years old and hails from the great state of Kentucky dropping a cruise bombs for everyone who listen to us on real 93 1 in Louisville, Kentucky.


Thank you for your support. Now we all love fast food. We eat it for different reasons. The number one reason is we're hungry. Okay? It's convenient. It provides comfort. Full disclosure, you know I'm a fast food franchise owner. Salute the crystal, dropping a cruise bombs for Crystal. But another fast food restaurant I grew up on is Wendy's. And that's why this story made me laugh because I understood both parties involved. Okay? When I was a kid, I would drive my grandmother Rosa Lee into town, okay? She would run her errands in mounts corner of South Carolina. And when errands was done, she would always wanna go to Wendy's. And when we got to Wendy's, she would stress to me when we was going through the drive through that she wanted her fries hot. Okay? I can literally hear her right now telling me, not tell 'em you want the fries hot.


She would stress hot. And that's a common sentiment amongst anyone who orders french fries. You want them fresh, you want them hot. But those Wendy's hot fries hit different even though I think in 2025 crystal fries are better. But those Wendy's hot fries, slap and Manja was angry over the temperature of his fry. Temperature of his fries. Now when you're angry over the temperature of your fries, you simply say, Hey, these fries are cold. I would like them hot. Most fast food restaurants will oblige. But when it's 10:41 PM at night in Kentucky, apparently handling things civilly is not an option. See Manja and a group of people he was with allegedly started arguing in the drive-through over the cold fries and then the suspect in his quad went in the Wendy's because they wanted action.


What happened next? Let's go to ABC 11 on your side for the report please. A man was arrested today in connection to a shooting at a Wendy's restaurant. One police, police started over cold French fries. LMPD says Manja. James Wooten turned himself in for the January 6th shooting. According to his arrest citation, he was with two other people in that Wendy's drive through on Dixie Highway. James Wooten and the other suspects allegedly got into a fight with the worker over cold french fries. Louisville Police released these photos from the scene. Three suspects got out of the drive through and then came inside the restaurant where James Wooten allegedly fired at the Wendy's worker. She was hit and taken to the hospital where she's expected to survive.


James Wooten is right now being held on a bond of $50,000. Round of applause for that Wendy's employee. Okay? In the immortal words of Rayquan, the chef, you got guns. We got guns too. Okay? And in the words of the Almighty Bo Hagen F that you buck, we buck back. See Manja, you learned a valuable lesson. And that lesson is simply never judge a book by its cover. You thought homie was sweet because you know they weren't in there thugging, okay? You, you thought that you was going to go in that Wendy's and bully that person because they worked at Wendy's. You saw it in black pants, that red shirt, that black apron with the Wendy's logo on it and you thought this was gonna be a breeze. And then that Wendy's employee showed you that the beef really is fresh, never frozen.


Okay? You went for hot fries and ended up getting a hot fire. And this is why I be telling folks go to therapy though, okay? You have to go do the work on yourself because this is simply not proper conflict resolution, okay? If your fries are not hot, there is absolutely zero reason to argue with the fast food employee and you damn sure don't need to go in the Wendy's and lick a shot. Okay? What is the point? How many times do I have to get on this radio and tell folks before they react? Do some jail math in your head. All right. Simple calculations. Can I afford to do what it is I'm about to do? Because the cost can sometimes be too high. You might lose your life, you might lose your freedom. And who wants to die or go to jail forever over that new mushroom bacon cheeseburger at Wendy's.


Okay? Monja is being held right now with a bail set at $50,000 and he's being charged with assault. I'm sure it's gonna end up being assault with a deadly weapon. That's 20 years, okay? In Kentucky, sir, 20 years in prison because you wanted your fries hot and didn't know how to properly communicate that to a Wendy's employee. Now you about to go to prison. Lemme tell you something, you about to go to prison and when they find out what you in there for, they going to give that fresh meat a nickname. Okay? I promise you they gonna call you Young Baker Nata in prison, all right? That's right. You gonna go into prison single. But after a few months somebody gonna order a double.


And when the word gets out that you like it hot, somebody gonna order a triple. That's a lot of meat. And I don't even want to tell you what that vanilla frosty is like in prison. Oh shit. But it's hot. Just the way you like it. Please give Mon JD James Wooden the biggest. He haw crazy world. This is a very crazy world out here. The Frosty Was crazy work. The vanilla frosty gonna be nasty. It's gonna be warm. That was crazy work. It's gonna be warm. Ooh, that's right. And they come with a straw too. All right, Thank you for that donkey today.


All right, now when we come back, Martin Lawrence will be joining us. Martin. Yes He will. The icon living And we gonna talk to him next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the God we are The Breakfast Club. Jess is six, so she's not here. Lauren Lar is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Come On man. The living legend himself. Martin, Martin Lawrence, ladies and gentlemen, how you feeling? Good. Great man. Glad to be here with you Guys this weekend. You're gonna be at the Barclays and also Atlantic City Performance. So if you, you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets, we actually today we're giving away front row seats to go to the show. So call it one oh five right now.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got bonus tickets. Don't say nothing in the front row 'cause I might get you In front row. Those tickets are yours. How you feeling brother? I'm feeling great, man. Feeling great, feeling blessed. Feel for all the people going through tragic stuff in la you know, with the fires my sister's house burned down. Oh man. Sorry To hear that. Sorry to hear That brother. Yeah, so you know, we gotta start rebuilding, you know. So You live in LA too, right? Was your house affected or no? No, but it was getting close. It was getting close, yeah. Do they call you immediately like Martin House burned down? Yeah, well I was at my ranch back in Virginia and chilling in the snow and all that was going on And I was just, wasn't nothing I could do, but my family that I I had in LA was holding it down.


Do you reach for your pockets first or do you wait to see what the insurance gonna do? Both. Both. What's the rebuilding process gonna be like though? Like you guys have to wait a certain amount of time before you can even start like thinking about that. Do they give you a, a Timeline? I really don't know. I really don't know. I gotta ask about Bad Boys. You know the, the Bad Boys franchise picked back up right where y'all left off years ago, right? Yeah. And it's pretty amazing 'cause as a kid I grew up on it, right? But now my kids are growing up on it. So how did you expect it to catch so big? And how many of y'all gonna do? 'cause it, it's, it's not whack. It's not like, you know, usually you do a sequel, it's like ah, and then the one after that, it's like, ah, yeah, but nah, it's, it's not whack. It keeps going. So how many more of y'all gonna do?


Are y'all shooting at FII really don't know. You know, you know the, the business is fickle, you know, I hope to do more, you know, as long as Will wants to do 'em, you know, we will. And the audience wants some, we're do 'em. We like giving you good work and we have a lot of fun with bad boys. Why? I I I was wondering about the tour. Like, like you, you, you, you got money, you older now, why even go back on the grind and doing a comedy tour? Because it's where I started. It is my baby. It's, it's, it is my breadwinner. When I don't have nothing else to do, I can't do movies or TV or whatever, I can always go back to standup and my audience is always there for me.


I saw a quote you said the way fighters train, that's how you train. When, when you're getting ready for comedy, how do you get ready for a tour like this after 10 years and getting back on the stage? Like is that a different level of training now or is it still the same? No, it's same. I I go to the comedy clubs, you know, and I, I work out, I go to the comedy store And I work out during the week and just keep working out, working out till I build up hours set until it's ready to go on the road. How you pick and choose what goes into your sets, because like I was watching one of your old sets that you did at, you mentioned like the Rodney King beatings and like, but you made it funny in a dark time. Nowadays people so touchy, like so, so do you stay away from certain stuff? 'cause you're like, now it's like the icon more now.


Nah, I'm, I'm a little cautious about, you know, subjects that I, that I choose and everything. When I was younger I was fearless, you know, I just, I would talk about anything or anybody, but it's a different time. Do you remember the, the, the times? 'cause I always hear these stories and, and it's, to me it's like, damn, this, this really happened when you used to work telemarketing and you were there with salt and pepper I guess and Yeah, no, that was Sears. Was that Sears? Sears and robots. Sears and Robots. How was those experiences? And are you ever amazed that all of y'all were successful in your own way of going? Well, well see, I wasn't there with kid and play.


I was there with salt and pepper And I was always clowning, you know, joking around at work and everything. Not on the phone doing what I'm supposed to be doing. What did y'all have to do? YI was trying, I was trying to crack on sa I was trying, I was trying to crack on Sa and Herbie Love was working there too And I was like, sa you know, I'm trying to get with you, da da da. And she was like, Martin, I'm with Herbie. I said, Herbie's your boy, your boyfriend. And I look at Herbie And I said, Herbie, this your girlfriend. He said, yeah. I said, oh man. So then I just had to leave that alone. So what were y'all selling on the phone? That's what I never know. Like what was Sears selling?


Were Y'all selling Maintenance, maintenance agreement. Oh, ma Selling me. So do you remember, do you remember your pitch back then and what you had to do? Well, you know, hello, how are you? I was wondering, you just brought a new appliance. So how is it working for you? You know, in 30 days or 60 days something could happen to it. Would you like to extend your warranty and all that? You Know? And when they said no, do you curse 'em out? Do you start cracking on them? Nah, they, because a lot of 'em just hang up. Oh, okay. Somebody come to one of your shows and be like, yo, you called me. Like nobody ever like that has never Happened. No, no, no. I Don't remember that. You, I was thinking too about you, you, you a very physical comedian, right?


That's like a lot, a lot of what you do involves your facial expressions. How you move as you got older. Do you believe that impacts your comedy? No. No. I still love being physical. I love, I love it. It is, you ain't falling all over the floor. No. Nah, I ain't, I ain't doing Somebody gotta help you get back but show over, show done. No, I'm not doing that. But I love still doing some physical comedy. Yeah. And you said you, you know, you don't say what you used to say on stage. I remember an episode of Def Comedy Jam. I forgot who you was messing with. I feel like it was that lov, but maybe I'm making this up. But you was saying you was talking about a girl. He was with a girl and you was saying you, you remember that episode? Oh, you talking about Mc Light? Was it Mc mc light joke, MC light yo.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, that, so that was A joke. Yeah, but that wasn't a true joke. That goes viral All the time. That goes viral all the time. Yeah. That, that wasn't true. That that wasn't true. I was just messing with her boyfriend. God And I just Digging at him so you know, I I just said it. God damn. I didn't know he had to approach you about that. Yeah, was I was like, did he see you at the show? He couldn't do nothing. He Could've whoop my ass. Yeah, yeah. It was Todd at the time or something. Why did You decide to heat him up like that? Because Ed Lover and them was saying get, get him with a joke. That's a hell of a joke to say in front of a, that was Ty. You remember Ty? They used to do the, Ty used to do Rap City with them. Not Rap City, but you on tv rap.


Got You. Okay. Okay. Okay. Got gotcha. You gotcha, gotcha. So has anybody ever, Did Mc like get mad about that joke? Nah, she, she was real cool. Okay. No, she's real cool. Did anybody ever come into you after your show and wanted to fight because you, like he said, you didn't hold anything back. Like you didn't care who was in that show you was going at him? Anybody say, yo, I'm gonna be Martin outside after Nah. 'cause I, I'm not that dude man. And I got goons Yeah, go back, Back then. So it wasn't Happening. Wasn't happening. Hey Martin ain't Laugh at he ain't even, I got Goon And I still got him. So if you want come To the ball today, he get a little upset. Just know It goes back to that all. We got more with Martin when we come back.


So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren, the Rosa of filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Martin Lawrence. Now in the news we see that your daughter got engaged to Eddie Murphy's son. Yeah, that was in the news. Congratulations. And He's, he's a great kid. He's, I'm a great young man. I don't think she could have found nobody better. Right. I Love that. Now we have this rule up here. If we are ever out and about with Somebody that's richer than us, Whoever has the most money has to pay the bill, pay The bills. Well, Eddie already said I had to pay for it. He said he paid for the last six weddings, you know, 'cause Eddie got a lot of kids. Right, right. You know, He said he paid for the last six. So he said, nah, this is on you.


He said, I, I said I don't mind. Damn. So he's still holding you to that? He, Yeah, he's holding me to that. He's holding me. When they first told you the table was connected, what did you, did you call Eddie and be like, Hey man, you know our children are dating. Nah, I just, when I talked to him, I said, can you believe it? And he says, nah, it's beautiful. Long as they respect each other and, and love each other The World too. Nah, nah, nah. I, I picture you and Will at the door and they and they coming up and you having that conversation. So you never had to have that conversation. Nah, my, with my daughters, I'm open, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm kind of father that gives them room. If the boyfriends that bringing me to meet are disrespectful, then they're going to see another side of me.


But if they're nice young men or whatever, I don't, I don't do all that. You Don't get involved. They probably already know by the time you meet, my dad need to be right. Yeah. Dad don't play around. And my reputation precedes itself. You mustn't people. They not even The World T play with Martin. You know, I also wonder too, but growing up, you know, watching you play Shana Nay watching you in Big Mama's House, I never thought anything of it. I just thought it was funny. But nowadays you hear people say, oh you know, that's, you gotta sell your soul in Hollywood. And that's humiliation rituals and Neo illuminati.


Yeah. What, what do you think of that? It's bull. Doing what I do and doing Big Mama and and characters like that. Shana Nay or whatever Piece of the planet.


Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World Is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. And if you wanna lose weight while you firm and tighten even that lower pooch, you need the 80 Day Obsession Fitness and Eating program. It's 80 workouts, you'll make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. And if you buy 80 Day Obsession this week, you'll get a second program of your choice free. And if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession this week and get a second program of your choice free. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


These are strong black women, you know, and I'm a comedian, you know, and I'm, I'm not above playing the character, putting on a dress or whatever 'cause I'm in tune with my manhood, you know? So I, I know who I am so I don't worry about all that. Is that a missed a 'cause we seen it with you. We seen it with Eddie, but now it seems like everybody, like he said, is afraid to do that. But except For Tyler Emini here. Except for Tyler Million. Except for Tyler. Yeah. Yeah. If you in tune with your manhood, you shouldn't be worrying about it. You know, if you ain't letting nobody get under than your dress.


Was there ever a point, was there ever a point where you felt like the industry would, would boxed you in and they just wanted you to be the, the funny guy and didn't give you like, I guess room to grow as a actor? Yeah, I, 'cause I haven't been offered a lot of dramatic roles. You know, the closest I, I had to, I got a dramatic role was I had to do it myself. Was thin line between 11 and eight mm. So that was the closest. And then I, I wind up recently, about two years ago I did a movie called Mind Gauge that was total drama, no comedy and everything else. So I did about two. Now they also talk about Blue Streak, the sequel. Yes.


You guys are shooting there. We Working on it. You working on it, right? We're writing writing it. Does it leave off in Mexico or, or have you figured that out as of Yet? No, we haven't figured it out yet. Yeah. But if they come get me from Mexico to, you know, 'cause I had the Diamond, so I'm living high off the hog, you know, so we'll see what happens. It Gotta be a crazy soundtrack too, like the first one. Oh yeah. How Do you choose what to do a sequel to? Because blue screen was good, but I, to me I'm like, yo, I'd rather see life part two. Like, I like to see, that's another one. I like to see how y'all was when y'all, Everybody, everybody wants to see Life part two. But you gotta remember me and Eddie were, we were what, 90 by time we five Years old. But no, it can be a period piece. So it can be based on when y'all first got out, when y'all first broke out, what did Ray and Claude do?


What was their life like when they first broke us? Well, We went to the baseball game. Yep. Can Remember that. That's all we saw, right? No, y'all got some, you know what I'm saying? Where's that getting introduced to Viagra? No. Too much. They might not have made it through the experience, lived it on Movie. He wants you to die with it by like, it could end right when y'all broke out. Right? Well, if somebody puts it together, man. Hey, I, I told her, I talked to Eddie about it and Eddie say, Hey man, if, if somebody could make it make sense, hey we'll we'll do it again. Do you, Do you get, I don't wanna say frustrated, but like having to convince people in Hollywood, like you Martin Lawrence, you know what I'm saying? Like having to sit down and pitch things or Yeah.


Like Yeah. That's frustrating. Yeah, that's frustrating. But it's part of the business, you know, and, and it's hit, hit hit or mess, you know. But I have a strong faith in, in God and he's my Asian dope. It's crazy to me that you still have to pitch thing. Just hearing that. It's like, wow. What about a, a Martin reunion? Like a, I know you guys did the reunion, but like people wanted to see like actual episodes, like maybe, you know how Sex in the City they got back together, they did episodes and then they had a movie. Like is there anything on screen from you guys that we're gonna ever see Yeah, from the Martin Show? From the Martin Cash? Yes. No. Nah, Tommy Ford was a big part of, of what we did. And him not being there, it's not the same.


Got you. We, we caught lightning in the bottle that, that won't happen again. Did you typecast yourself with Martin meaning like being at the character name with Martin and they saw how you acted on the show, they expect you to be like that in everyday life all The time. Yes. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Because every time I've been around you you seem like you very reserved, laid back. Yeah, I'm nothing like the Martin on tv. Exactly. Wow. I know people do ask me that. Are you like the Martin on TV? Sometime I tell 'em hell yeah, I'll throw your ass out. You know, And I think that's a lot, like a lot of times people see you when they think something's wrong. But I'm like, number one, he's older than number two. How did we ever know that was who, who told us that was him, right?


Yeah. Nah, that was my energy. That was me just projecting, just being big. Just you know, giving you a bigger version of Martin and you know, just, just having fun. Just having fun. But I'm not like that in real life. I'm, I'm mature. That's my job. You don't, you don't want to be on all the time. That gets annoying. People don't take you serious. And is that the reason you had to whip ass? 'cause people they come back and play with you back to whip ass. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And with the, y'all know what it is Toy. You got a lot of different comedians on there. You got just hilarious. Of course. Adele Gibbons, b Simone, Chico Bean, DC Young Fly Dion, Cole.


Just to name a few. How do you pick who you want to be on the road with? 'cause that's such an honor for a comedian to be on the road with Martin Lawrence. 'cause they fire, they fire man. They're so talented. They're the next ones, you know, the next comedy stars, you know, for me to just have a, a little piece of helping them out, getting them some exposure or whatever. You know, I'm honored to do that. That's what I'm supposed to do, you know, in my position. And so I love it And I love working with 'em. Well call it one oh five right now. If you wanna sit in the front row. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You have to be in New York. We ain't flying you.


We ain't paying for a bus ticket. We just got your tickets. If you in New York or you can make it to New York. Call it one oh five right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You going to be at the Barclays tonight. So you'll get those tickets tonight. Saturday. He's gonna be in Atlantic City. Atlantic City. February 8th. Houston, Valentine's Day he's gonna be in your neck of the woods. South Carolina, Greenville. No, that's not my neck of the woods. Oh I just need South Carolina. I just thought It was the low country. Oh, saw the same stink. He said you're all country In February 15th, Charlotte, North Carolina. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. And we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Always man. Thank Y'all for having me man. I'm glad I came in man. It's been a minute. Thank you. That's what It is. It's Martin Lawrence. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along the Rosa. Filling in for just this morning and it's time for Pastor A. Yeah. DJ. Come Spin. Spin. What's Up Nala? What's up guys? Happy Friday. Big Nyla. What's happening? Look very fresh today. Very fresh and brown. Thank you. What is it? What'd you call me yesterday? Nineties. Something I forgot. Young nineties. Young nineties.


Young nineties. I like that nickname. I think it's fitting. Yes Vibe. It is. The nineties is the best. Like you know, all old ladies say I'm nineties romcom fine. You know what I'm saying? You got the fly nineties. Nah, we don't Believe I'm Lady Ladies said that we don't believe you need more people. The only when I ever heard say that, Yo. Okay, What's the reason for the disrespect? Okay, Emini here Didn't Please verify your sources. I don't even know why that happened. Continue on Now Speaking of nineties vibes, I wanna get into this r and b artist out of Atlanta. His name is Chase Shakur and he's dropping a project called Wonder Love. The first single off of it is called, called Limerence. Mm. Okay, I'm here for that. It's nice I can dig it. The full album I already heard. It's great. It's r and b but it's also like jazz. It's also like house music kind of.


So it's a dope project. I can't wait for it to drop. Now another single that I wanna talk about is Jordan Naji and Bryson Tiller with 3 0 5. That's All all I like That. Take a 3 0 4 to the 3 0 5. Yeah. So shout out to Bryson. Shout out to Jordan. Oh, still busting it open from Miami. Wait, excuse me. What is up with you in the hoes today? No. What? No, That sounded crazy. That Definitely sounded crazy. He said Ho goes Into TGIF now because like Because we were singing it's Friday Aliyah And I and that the, That you No, I said that's the version that women used To sing. You did not say women And the whole started singing Gorilla whenever they wanted to celebrate Pride. But that's not the point. I don plead the fifth Emini here by that are Back in the day, Miami was you taking a woman, you know and she would be impressed.


Oh does Miami. Oh does Miami impress you? Yeah. Make you Emini here. I think It depends on the age for Real. Miami's like Applebee's, Miami, Miami's like Apple. It is. Oh, so you don't have an issue with women who don't wanna go to Applebee's? Is that what you're saying? Because I thought you had an issue with, What are we talking about? Oh yeah, let's move on. So to Miami and SL to, 'cause actually Virginia was first and then Miami. So what's the next one? That ain't Nobody ever took nobody. No. Goddamn Virginia. Think took somebody to Virginia. Virginia Beach. Yes. Yo. That was the, wasn't a part of that generation I For that weekend. Maybe not. Nah. Virginia Beach you would go I think Depends on where you Hampton. No this, if you Probably was going to Myrtle, you Transport me to Virginia. I'm pissed. New Jersey. Go there.


Bus. Let's get into the last record. It's sexy Red, Bruno Mars. But fat, juicy and Shout out to all the girls peeing on guys. Got them thinking that they doing something. Got them all excited for no reason. Guys. Guys is gassed up not knowing. They just getting on. Oh 'cause they, that's not true actually, but okay. Anyway. Scotts Like what? Jesus Christ. So y'all like the record. I like the record. I Like it. Okay. You know I thought about you the other day. I seen Nico B Brim. That Was stupid. Don't do that. That was a terrible segue. And You put me on the Nico Brim. Yeah, I'm finishing my sentence and you put us onto Nico b Brim And I just heard his new record. It is dope. He's spitting too. Yeah. The one with Kai the freestyle. Yes. It's crazy. It's hard. It is, it is. We're actually, he's gonna be on my tape that's dropping this year.


The record's crazy too. I want play. He Signed right? You dropping a tape? It's like an album, right? He's, I thought he signed rap. I Think he is. Yeah. To Rap prep. He's dope. Yes he is. Nico got a song with Sexy right too? No, well I'm just trying to figure out how we got There. The segue is not important. It's Not even just saying Show period. You know what, I don dunno what y'all talking about. Period. I like Big Sexy on this record though. I, I was a little confused when she, when he was looking for her online, I'm like, why is Bruno looking for sexy? But you know, He said he was looking to make a a script club. So Anthem, I do think she was perfect for the record. It reminded me of the finesse record with Cardi, which I did like at the time. You said that people were saying that. Oh, oh, oh you know what Emini here. But I also My niece right there. But I also feel like I could've did without the record.


Damn. The whole record. She still your Niece. The whole record Look. Okay. The Awkward. I know Nla don't, NLA will like a record sonically, but I know she don't like the content of that record. Yeah. Like I'll play it at the party but it's not going in my, my phone. Damn. You trying to say Sexy Sound cleaned up on the record. I'm like, she saying how she always say the beat just not her typical sound nasty ever. Yeah, I love it. Both of 'em. It's a lot for Bruno to be saying too. It's almost like when J Co saying you need it, nigga that's gonna put it and your, it's like Turn artist. I don't really want hear you talk like this to me. You know what I'm saying? Aw. But anyway, if you got Nyla, lemme tell you. So if Nyla was a record, literally she'd be Queen Lat for u And I TY who you were a record.


Oh my God. Beat Red type song. Well if you guys like the Song that you heard today, make sure you guys follow me on the gram at Nyla Simone. That's M-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. You could click the link in bio for the playlist. We're gonna repost it on The Breakfast Club page. And then also make sure you follow my podcast page. We need to talk, we just hit 13 K followers and 40,000 on YouTube. So I think you should do that. You should do a segment where, like online where like what, what, what is your song? Like what is your song? Like if you were a song, what song would you be Though? I Like the song you picked. Unity was my ringtone when I was in middle school. My song is hat to back.


TLC. Okay. If you had to pick one for your uncle, what, which one would it Be? Would I have to pick one for you? Suaava Minted. It needs to be something like about Being a menace. All Gay too would be your song. What? I don't know what's wrong with him. You know that song Lauren? What would be your song? Chicken Head Project. Pat? No, I'm looking for the whole Sexy Red. I think it would be around the way Girl, IJ around the, You know I because say he need around the Round the Way Girl we was looking for her Round Way Girls. Ain't Nobody Bite Stretch for Lauren. Yeah. She need a song like she need a man's song. Like what's a Need man song Bitch. We don't.


We don't, I'm not mad at looking for the holes but A Round the Way Girl is the vibe. The lips is line and late and they always is looking for the girl earrings. The looking a two pair. Speaking of Tu pair, she got four Valentine's. Oh, That's right. Goodness Gracious. We from New York to Jersey. All right. All right, well we'll The Breakfast Club, you are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa filling in for Jess. We got a salute. Martin Lawrence for joining us this weekend. Man. Marty Ma, salute to the icon. Living Martin is going to be in Brooklyn tonight, right?


That's right. He's gonna be in Brooklyn at the Barclays tonight. Get your tickets. It's throw some tickets available. He'll be in tomorrow Morning, city. Tomorrow. Atlantic City tomorrow. That's right. Yeah. And also salute to Mandy B and Wheezy Decisions. Decisions podcast. And they have a book No Holes. Barr will be dropping in June, so salute to them for coming as well. Man. Salute to my nieces. Mandy Weezy. You can listen to Decisions, decisions on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network and their new book. Their first book actually no holds barred. It'll be out on June 25th, but you can pre-order now wherever you buy books. And that is available via Black privileged publishing. Simon and Schuster, my booking print. That's Right. All right. When we come back positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Charlamagne, you got a positive Note? I do. And it's simple. I just think we need more accountability and more transparency. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. Think about that for the weekend. I think we need more accountability and more transparency. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


Listen to me. This is Charlamagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into are getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information


At David's bridal. Love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at Davids bridal dot Comba


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play When you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at jumbo Casino dot com. Pgw prove no purchase necessary. Board prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions.