
What's up? It's me, Don, Tover. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bulls.com for more.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t, provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love, like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Coke's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar. 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA Promo copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me, but after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough, or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hip fla on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast s Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Good morning, usa. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Lauren The role filling in for Just hilarious. What Up, Lauren? Good morning. Charlemagne the Guy. Peace to the Planet. It's Monday. Good morning. Yes to you. Good morning. How you feel, man? I'm blessed Black and Holly favored. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Another week to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's right. Welcome to the week. What's up Lauren? How you feeling? I feel great. I got a whole day of sleep yesterday after G Ho. I heard you tapped out. I heard them hoes wore you up. Oh my God. Tapped it right Out. Tapped out. Lemme tell you Saturday. 'cause it was a whole day. We landed Friday.


We didn't even sleep. We ate, and then we just were out. Saturday was the day that we did the yard. Is it called Yard Fest there called? No, I mean, it's the Yard Fest it, tail dating and all that yard. It was the turn up the yard, and it was like all the performances and we hosted it. And then there was food. There was drinks. There was just so much stuff. And then it was like all these hours in between. So we went to the tailgate, and then after the tailgate, we was like, all right, we'll go back to the hotel room. Just chill, eat, change, meet up with envy, go to the party. I went to sleep. She tapped out. I woke up. It was like two o'clock in the morning. I'm like, oh, wow. Gho won. She tapped out, man. Gho won. Gho, of course is is North Carolina a and t salute to everybody that went to North Carolina A and T, all the Aggies.


I didn't know it was the biggest HBCU as far as students. It has. I didn't know that either. 14,000 students, the biggest HBCU around, and it showed drop on include bombs with North Carolina A T. Yes. And, I, the hospitality. Like everywhere I turned, people were like, you want fried fish? Oh, It was so crazy. You want something? It was Carolinas. Man, stop playing. I Love it here. You was so amazing. I Wanna leave. Stop playing And. I didn't know that they actually played Hampton University for their homecoming. So when I got there, the hotel we were staying at was all the Hampton people. Yeah. So I was like, oh, this is gonna be crazy. So it, it was even crazy. We had such a, an amazing time. So salute two, all the Aggies. We had a great time. I mean, on campus. I mean, it was just, it was just dope, right? The, it was so much love.


They were so excited to see us, too. Then we did the, the alumni, I guess, performances at the game, which was Lords of the Underground shout to do it all. Little Cs cl from P Rock, CS Move, and Little Cs. So that was the alumni performance Congressman Kelly performed? Yes. Okay. Who It performed Congress. Kelly. Yes. It all Lords and underground. He's a congressman here in New Newark, New Jersey. That's right. He Thanked the, he thanked the audience too, for helping to get him elected too. He Sure did. And I didn't know. He went to Shaw University, which is right down the road. So he, he went to Shaw University. He had the hoodie on in the one of the Lord of Underground videos back in the day. That's right. I almost seen you. You almost seen your sis get boo though a little bit. So Charlamagne, I told you it's alumni fair.


I just told you who was performing. Let me tell you, your Sis right here says, that's my niece. I don't wanna hear Your I, I said, Y don't wanna hear sexy red. They said, no. I was like, oh God, don't play sexy red. Please Don't. I love when young people look stupid, nothing makes me feel better. She said, EV put on some sexy red. They was like, what? At an alumni party? You heard them? They were like, no. It was one lady in the front. I forget her name, but it was me and her the whole time. She was like, come on. I said, girl, we not playing that. It's just us that want to hear it. They were about to boo Lauren. And then You know what saved the day. Luke Rock. I wanna rock Sexy Red Granddaddy, sexy red. Grand Daddy saved the, She know what to do with it. I said, I know this song. Don't do that to Me.


Oh, man. But again, shout out to all the Aggies out there. Let's get the show cracking. Now we got Laura Trump joining us today. Now, Laura Trump is Donald Trump's son's wife, Eric Trump's wife. She be joining us. That would be his daughter-in-Law. His daughter-in-Law. She's the co-chair of the Republican National Committee. We can ask her about that commercial. They keep running with us in it without our permission. Make sure you ask about that. Yeah, bro. It gets worse. Like that commercial keeps going. It doesn't stop. I thought it was gonna be, but they spend $65 million on the Jesus anti-trans ads. So yeah, I get it. Jesus. And also comedian Marlon Williams will be joining us this morning. So lot to discuss. So don't go anywhere. Front page news is next is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news.


Start off with some quick sports. Now, over the weekend, the Yankees will be playing the Dodgers in The World series, the Mets law also. We'll get to see how that happens. That starts this Friday, October 25th. Also. That's a great World series. I mean, I think so too. I don't, I don't watch baseball. I enjoyed it more when everybody was on steroids. But I mean, just the franchises, right? The Yankees versus the Dodgers. East versus West. That's it. Yeah. I think it's gonna be great. And the players that the Dodgers have, the players that the Yankees have. I know a lot of people wanted to see the Subway series, but I think this is gonna be a better series. The Yankees versus the Dodgers. Also, we gotta congratulate the New York Liberty. They won their first WNBA championship, so congratulations to them. Drop 67, 62. They beat the Minnesota Links for the New York Liberty.


It was a great game. It was. It was definitely the Minnesota Links versus the New York Liberty. And the referees, though. The referees be too involved in the D series, especially the WNBA finals. You mean the last foul? I mean, just the whole series. If you watch the whole series, the refs seem like they always You know, bailing out the liberty in some way, shape, or form. Well, congratulations to the liberty. And it's like, come on, come on ladies. Y'all could do things without men. You don't need the ref to bail you out. Not tonight. In Monday Night Football, the Ravens take on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the charges take on the Cardinals. Now some quick NFL scores, if you care, the Jaguars beat the Patriots. The Lions beat, the Vikings Bills beat. The Titans Seahawks beat the Falcons. Colts beat the Dolphins. The Packers beat the Texan.


The Browns beat the, the Bengals beat the Browns, the Rams beat the Raiders. The Chiefs beat the 49 ERs. Commanders beat the Panthers. Eagles beat the Giants, and the Steelers beat the Jets. Cowboys didn't win or lose 'cause they had to buy. They were off. So after getting their ass hit as week, why? Don't worry about our damn. Don't worry about the Cowboys. Worry about your giants getting they ass busted yesterday. We don't got nothing to do with this. Oh, they lost the cowboy. We didn't. They hated there. And they didn't win us crazy. The Giants lost 28 to three to the Eagles drop on a close bond to the Eagles. I know you wish you would Sleep now you go drop a bomb for a team that you competing against. I don't give a damn. They ain't competing against us yesterday. They busted your ass. All right, cop Did. Did you wish you had went home and went to sleep After that flight? Yes. I wish I would've went home and went to sleep. Anyway, good morning, Morgan.


Oh man. Good morning. I was about to go back to sleep over here. Happy Monday to y'all. Charlamagne Envy Lauren, how y'all feeling? Good morning. Good morning. Good. Okay. So election day is officially 15 days away, November 5th. And it's imperative that everyone exercised their right to vote, especially as early voting is already underway in numerous states. For information on registration, polling locations in your area and who's on your ballot, vote.gov is an amazing resource. Of course, millions of Americans are taking advantage of early voting across the country. More than 13.7 million registered voters have already cast their ballots, either in person or by mail. The latest poll show, of course, a continued very, very tight race for the White House between former president Donald Trump and VP Harris.


With that said, at the top of the front page is former President Trump expressing his admiration for Arnold Palmer. I'm not talking about a half and half lemonade ice tea. Either the Republican presidential candidate was rallying in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Of course, everyone knows that Pennsylvania is a swing state where that late golfer, legendary golfer, Arnold Palmer was born and he had some pretty graphic things to say about Palmer's manhood. So let's run that audio. But Arnold Palmer was all man. And. I say that it all due respect to women. And I love women. But this guy, this guy, this is a guy that was all man. This man was strong and tough.


And I refused to say it, but when he took showers with the other pros, they came outta there. They said, oh my God, that's unbelievable. I had to say it. I had to say it. What's the problem? He saying Arnold Palmer's Club was bigger than everybody else's. Yes, definitely Did. Yeah, that's exactly what he was saying. So reportedly he talked about Arnold Palmer for 10 minutes, and the other gag is, no pun intended, is that Trump hasn't been able to golf since the last month. You know when he had that attempt on his life at the other golf course, his golf course, his secret service, arrested the government near his Florida golf course. Why? Why is everybody making the big deal about him talking about Arnold Palmer's package?


I mean, the man is clearly trying to make, he's trying to engage with the L-G-B-T-Q community. That's the what's the problem? Hey, what's the problem? He's the president of the United States of America. He's supposed to be a president for all people. He's out here clearly trying to engage with the homosexual community that what's the problem? That was just weird. Like You know why You know you don't honor a man. And then the way you honor him is like, yeah, it's package is pretty Pig. If you had a big package, you had a big package. Talk about my package long after I'm gone, long after I'm gone is crazy. That's what you would hope. That's wild. That long Legacy Is crazy. Not the long legacy. Oh my gosh. During the speech, he also said he used to pay, used to hate paying overtime when he was in the private sector. And he also called VP and Expletive Sugar honey Iced Tea BP if You.


know what I mean? Yeah. So Trump was out there this week. It was a little out there speaking And I. Just wanna say Arnold Palmer's daughter said, I, I think it was a poor choice of word of how he tried to remember my father, but it is Trump You know, what are you gonna do? The man is engaging with the L-G-B-T-Q community and y'all are upset. I don't, I I You know what, what? Come on, man. I'm never upset at inclusiveness. That's what that is. Yeah. Okay. That is inclusiveness. That's all that is. Okay. Meanwhile, Detroit, what up though? Trump had a rally in Detroit where his microphone was cut off for about 20 minutes. When the issue was resolved, he told the crowd he wasn't going to pay the bill for the quote stupid company that rented us this crap adding, when they do that kind of job, don't pay the bill.


If it goes out again, I'll sue the a double hockey. Well, well he'll sue the ass off the company. And they said while his tone was light, You know Trump has been hit with hundreds of complaints from contractors in the past who say they have worked for him and they did not get their bills paid. So yeah, When can we sue for them using, using us in that, at that, that commercial? I'm curious about that. Using us in that commercial without our permission can, we can sue for that, right? Yes. He, you already sent CE desist? Yes. Oh man. He wasn't a plan. Okay. And speaking of working on, on Sunday, Trump worked at a McDonald Drive through in Pennsylvania. He used the opportunity to troll Vice President Harris, who claims You know she worked at McDonald's while she was in college. Now after spending about 15 minutes handing out fries and surprising drivers, Trump told reporters, now he's worked at McDonald's longer than Harris ever has.


This is our right, our Republican presidential nominee. So keep that in mind. I was gonna say, do we have one time for one more? It looks like the thing is rolling. It's rolling. Alright, so that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We will get caught up with BP Harris and where she was over the weekend celebrating her 60th birthday. I remember when politicians used to do stuff like that though. Why? Like, they would pull up to like fast food restaurants and like You know work, those kind of the odd jobs. That was kind of a throwback. Yeah. I haven't seen a politicians do that in a long time. But I mean, they said that the It was all staged though. Yeah. They said the McDonald's was closed and the people who pulled up to the drive through weren't actually real. Of course not. No, not of course. They're not gonna let a sitting president hang out of a window and just let a random car come up to him.


Not one that's been shot at like, what, two, three times a day. They're not gonna let no president do No do that. But especially somebody who's been shot at a couple of times. And You know what they used to do a lot. They used to go to Detroit and used to work at the car manufacturers. That's what you used to see a lot back in the day. And they would used to be on the assembly line, but you don't see that anymore. All right, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up right now. Again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was, where you were at. Homecoming. Did you go to Howard? Did you go to, were you hanging with the Aggies? Call us up right now. Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live?


This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get on the phone right now here and tell you what. It's, we lie. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Vincent. Vincent. What's up? What's up, Vincent? Get it off your chest. Vincent. Hey, Charlamagne. Yes sir. Hey, you have repeatedly said about Donald Trump, that he's the sitting president. Hey, can you correct that man? You done say that like three times this morning. I said he's the sitting president. Did you make secondly on said a few times? No, no, no. He said that he said they would never have a president or a sitting president be working at the fast food spot. That's who you, that's you're talking about. Okay. I stand corrected. I stand correct. I stand corrected.


Hey, also, I've been tripping about these ass over the weekend. Like they killing y'all with these as Oh, we know. We've seen, we've, we've heard every time they play, I feel like I get a text. Yep. Hey, and lastly, Hey, ride driver. Hey, Simone. Start doing because I'm tired of Kendrick Lamar every Morning. Your phone breaking up. What'd you say now? Yeah. Hear what you said, brother. I said that I'm tired of Kendrick Lamar every three times a hour. Can y'all chill on that? Oh, You said you Kendrick Lamar? No, we got, we gotta keep our foot on light. Light-skinned people's necks. Oh, shut up. Okay. Hello. Who's this? No, no, no. That is Courtesy Curtis.


What Up? What up, Curtis? Get off your chest, Man. Listen, let me talk about this Miami traffic. Taylor Swift. Just be, stay where she at. It's already bad down here. But this weekend all we seen was red lights. And red lights And red Lights. Tell us what was there this weekend. She kicked off the tour. Oh. Oh my goodness. Oh, I saw her announce that she was doing it. I ain't know the show was this weekend. Man, listen, the traffic already bad enough as it is down here, but that is the worst I ever seen in all my years of driving. Oh, okay. Yeah. I saw her do the little promo where she had the gorilla and sexy red song playing the Wipe me Down. Wipe me down first Sample Sample. Yep. Well, first off, I started this all off wrong. Good morning everybody. Good Morning, brother. Good morning. Yeah, good Morning.


Long trail. Yeah, but that, that, that I just had to give out my chest. I'm talking about places that'll take you five minutes to get you. It was a two hour drive. Hey, well, sorry for you brother. Yeah, man. Have a better week. Itay all that. Florida people ain't back. Well at least tell us we're going now. Yeah. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051.


Not just Me. I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Yo, it's your boy Lovey from the Bronx. Lovey from the Bronx. What's up, lovey from the Bronx. Good morning. There's a couple of things I wanna get off my chest this morning. One is after that mental wealth awareness. I wanted to tell Charlemagne bro, next year, you should do that for two days. The Mental Wealth Expo. Yes. You think so? Yo, that was dope, bro. Thank you, brother. One thing I got out of it is buying flowers for yourself every week. That's something I'm gonna start doing for myself. Yeah. My man, Jay Barnett says he, he, well, he, he actually does do that. If You know Jay Barnett and you follow my guy, Jay Barnett You know he definitely does that for himself, buys flowers for himself every week.


Why does he do that? He give yourself your own flowers. Why wait on somebody else to give 'em, to give 'em for you. Give 'em to you. Exactly. The only thing they didn't touch YI mean, do I wanna put my hat in the ring about something? Study was ACEs. Adverse Childhood Trauma is the only thing I didn't hear them talk about. I agree with that. Well, You know. I mean, they do, and everybody does. Everybody talks about their, their, their healing, their inner child in their own ways. But yes, there's not a, there's not a full panel dedicated to it. We definitely gonna work on that for next year. Yeah, I appreciate it. And, and You know that $17 billion is spent on these campaign ads. I know. We can rent some of that money in the hood better than spending it on getting at each other. Yo, Donald Trump spent $65 million on anti-trans ads.


As if, as if that's the issue that, that, that is a top priority for Americans. Like it's the economy, it's the border. It's a lot of things, but it, it, it, it it's not that. Yeah. That's crazy. Appreciate You love. Hello. Who's this Dj? What up, Charlotte? Hey Lauren. How you doing? Hey, Good morning. Peace King. What's up man? Get it off your chest brother You Know much. I'm going to talk to you guys, man. My name Courtney. Man. I'm from, y'all need to sue Donald Trump. Man. I I know y'all did the c and d, but y'all need to sue that man. That's like, first Of all, You Gotta, you gotta sound it out. It's cease and desist. I don't like saying C and D. That sounded crazy. I know y'all did the c and d to Donald Trump. I don't even know what that means, but it just sound nasty.


Okay. CD yeah. To Donald Trump. Man, y'all need cease and desist off of that. Yeah. We sent him a cease and desist, but You know since Well, that's what I was saying too. Yeah. Since when does Donald Trump care about doing anything legal? Exactly, man. Exactly. Because when I saw it, I was like, whoa. He just took y'all words and twisted him, man. Well, at least You know that they, our words were twisted. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. And y'all have a good day, okay? You, Yes sir. Hello, who's this? Keisha from Philly. Hey, Keisha from Philly. Good morning. Get it off your chest, Keisha. Well, I'm on my way to work. And. I don't wanna be here no more because they don't treat the black and brown community as well as they treat the others.


So quit. I'm gonna, when I get another job Where you work at, Don't quit. I can't say. Oh, I mean, is it like a job, like it's like a public service job. Like what is it? Course, A private job. A private company. Oh, okay. Yeah. Quit. If you don't like You know if you don't like what's happening. I gotta find another decent job. Gotta pay Bills. It's Hard out here. Gotta pay him bills And all that parent, he like quick ask him, are you hiring? No, I mean, my whole thing is like, I I I'm at the point in my life, And, I feel like everybody should be that. Like You know no need to sit around and complain about something all day. Do something about it. Like You know. That's one thing that Tyree said at the Mental Wealth Expo, which I really agree with. He said, if you got a problem with something, act like it.


Because like a lot of times we complain about things all the time, but we really don't have an issue with it. 'cause if we did, we would, would do something about it. Yeah. If, yeah, I do have an issue with it. It's just taking a minute to get to it. I can't just move the way I wanna move It. I get it. Well start, get it. Well start looking Mama and good luck. We wish you the best. Don't let 'em stretch. Wait, wait. Can I get charades books please? All of 'em. You want all of them? She got time to sit and signed. She Needs to. I I I think I I got some copies of my new one. Get Honest or Die Die Line. Why Small Talk sucks. I have some of those up here, so I'll get you information and send you a copy. Hold on. I'm gonna put you on hold, okay? Okay. Thank you. Thank you to everybody that's been getting that book too. I mean, it, it You know I got three books out. So it's always crazy when You know people run up on me and they just be randomly having my book out.


I I, I appreciate that. So thank you. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up at any time. Now we got Just With the Mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. What we Talking about? Yes. We were talking about Homecomings Black Chy got engaged at Howard's Homecoming over the weekend. Okay, We'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Man. Nothing like a Monday morning when women in here trying to explain Envy Why love life is so sad. What? No. First of all, don't do that to us. 'cause here you go. They gonna Ask me how come Jay Barnett Ourselves flowers. But if we were to do that, it's like we lonely. We sat, we didn't, we that don't try to twist this Up. My guy, Dr.


J Barnett who spoke at the Mental Wealth Expo, he says he buys himself flowers to celebrate himself. Right? They're trying to ask me what's the difference between what he did and what they do. Lemme lemme tell you some of the things that they've done up here, flowers have come for, for, for us, right? For me, flowers have been in there for me. Not gonna say no names. There's a woman in here who took pictures with 'em and posted 'em like somebody sent 'em to her. I've been in here on Valentine's Day. That woman Was not me, by the way. People, I was not here on that date. And I've seen women order themselves flowers and be like, oh my God, who sent these? Wow. That's the difference. Don't look over here. I would never, wow. That wasn't Lauren. I've seen that before. But wasn't Lauren? It, it was somebody in his name rhymes with sailor. I Will say, I will say though, you don't feel like that's a bit of a double standard because if she, no.


If Sailor were to order herself flowers to give herself flowers on Valentine's Day, just so You know, why wait for other people to do it? You would trash her. Yes. Okay. Well let's, let's get to Jess with the mess with law. And LaRosa, good morning Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare. Nobody, Bro. Why? Jess Worldwide Mess on The. Breakfast Club team. The coaches. Lauren. Lauren. I fell too. Seen Dragged. I'm nk.


And this is Basket Case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on Basket Case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because if you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But if you struggle to cope, the society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And it will call you a Basket Case. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent I'm coming offers because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now here we are opening up the Friendship Circle to you. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


De Caria was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are Crooks Everywhere. You look now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder A one-woman, WikiLeaks Daphne exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I am Bruce Bozzi on my podcast. Table for two. We have Unforgettable Lunch After Unforgettable Lunch with the best guest you could possibly ask for people like Matt Bower. Thank you for that introduction. I'm gonna slip you, slip you a couple twenties under the table for That. Dang Emma Roberts When it came into my email inbox, I was like, okay, I know I'm gonna love this so much that I don't even wanna read it. Because if I can't be in it, I'm gonna be bummed. And Colin Jost You know Your Wife was the first guest on Table for two. It's come full circle. As long as I do better than her, I'm happy. Table for Two is a bit different from other interview shows. We sit down at a great restaurant for a meal, maybe a glass of rose. And the stories start flowing. Our second season is airing right now. So you can catch up on our conversations that are intimate, surprising, and often hilarious. Listen to Table for Two with Bruce Bozzi on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In 1982, Atari players had one thing on their minds Sword Quest. This wasn't just a new game. Atari promised 150 grand in prizes to four finalists, but the prizes disappeared. And what started as a video game promotion became one of the most controversial moments in eighties Pop culture. And I just don't believe they exist. I mean, my reaction, shock and awe. That Sword was amazing. It was so beautiful. I'm Jamie Loftus Join me this spring for The Legend of Sword Quest. A podcast about the fall of Atari and the disappearing sword Quest prizes. We'll follow the quest for lost treasure across four decades. It's almost like a metaphor for the industry and Atari itself in a Way. Listen to The Legend of Sword Quest on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


And I got the mess. Talk to me. So I wanna send a congratulations to my bro Derrick Milano. Over the weekend he got engaged to black China. He did he go to, did he go to Howard? I don't know that he went to Howard at all. And she didn't go to Howard. Right. But she's from the DC area though. Okay. That's, I thought it was weird. It was on the stage. They went, I believe, I believe he was there performing though. 'cause I saw him on the stage prior to that. But he's a artist, but he's also a really big songwriter as well too. They've been dating for some time now. And Tokyo Tony was on the stage. Her mom really excited. But I, it was just like, it, it was really cute to see And I know that. Congrats. Yeah. Recently, since she's went from black China back to You know a her regular self, removing all of the, the Black China drama and all that.


She's been trying to live a better life. And he's been a big part of that. She seems really happy. So I wanted to say congratulations to those two. They officially got spotted. Their relationship was official September, 2023. So congratulations. I love that they were together a few months prior. Yes. Love to see it. Now in other news, this Liberty wins. So the New York Liberty, they won over the links, the Minnesota Links 67 and 62. But there are a lot of, there's a lot of like drama around this. When is a win? Huh? A win is a win. I think a win is a win too. But I got the Chip You know people there, there's a call that happened during the game that You know people online are arguing will be disputed for some time. Now let's take a listen. So we have audio from Breonna Stewart who sealed the win for the team.


Let's take a listen. What does it mean to bring New York? Its first championship ever? I've, I've been like manifesting this moment for a while and there's, there's no feeling like it. You know this game and, and credit to Minnesota. 'cause they, they gave us a tough series and the fans have been amazing everywhere we've gone. But to be able to bring a championship to New York first ever in franchise history, it's an incredible feeling. And I can't, I literally can't wait to continue to celebrate with the city because I know it's gonna like, be bonkers, bonkers fact. Right. Tune to the Liberty. That's the first championship from New York since the Giants won the Super Bowl right? Back in the day. Yes. And the, the, the liberty are actually, they were one of the first teams to play in the first WNBA the Yankees did after that, right?


The Yankees one after that. The Giants one? No. Okay, go Ahead. Okay, well, okay, so we talking about this call, right? So there, so Brianna Stewart, she's being credited for You know bringing the game home because she hit two free throws when she hit the two free throws it tied the game up, took it into overtime, and then delivered. She Missed two free throws before that though. She had a terrible game last night. Her and Sabrina. Well, the, but they won the two As Said, talking about the two that she hit are the ones are being talked about. Right? So LeBron had tweeted out, I'm sorry, but that wasn't a foul. Let the players dictate the outcome of a close battle tested game. So basically people are are upset at the refs. They, they feel like LeBrons, right? They feel like when the reps stepped in, they called a shooting foul on Alana Smith that gave Brianna the, she was able to shoot the two free throws after that.


That's when the trajectory of the game changed. And they're basically saying that the rest should have mind their business. Now Mind you, I didn't mind when the ref did that, only because I'm like, You know what for the WNBA. That's good. It's good for a game to go into overtime. It adds to the excitement of the season. So, right. I wasn't really too upset about it. It was good to watch. But the, the coach of the links, she was really upset. She was upset. Yeah. Let's take a listen. I thought today was incredibly disappointing. The challenge, we, we have got to change our challenge rules and the offic officials doing the game should have a third party because that was not a foul. I know all the headlines will be Reeve Cries foul. Bring it on, bring it on. Because it was stolen from us.


Right? It wasn't a foul. That was Cheryl Reeve, by the way. Yeah, she was, she was upset. Now people were saying that this fouls gonna be debated for some time, whether it should have been called or shouldn't have been called. So does matter. You feel like it was good for the game, but should it have been called I? Yes, the foul should have been. No, the foul should not have been called. But I feel like it was good for the game to see the game get tied and go into overtime. I feel like that was the best way for the WNBA season to win. This has been a very transcendent season for the WNBA. So it was a great game. But women in the WNBA shouldn't want a man's help in order to win those, win those games. And the men bailed him out last night. Shut up man. Congratulations to those, to those women yesterday. Don't Do that. You have 'em girls that they gonna walk from the Barclay to the stop playing. And it's like that in every sport.


Every ref can't get every foul, every call. Right? Not like that though. Not in the final seconds of a championship game. You gotta let them play like, bro. It's easy to say when you're on tv, but when you're in the mix and it looks like a foul, they called the foul. We see it all the time in every sport. So no, they wouldn't not, they wouldn't do that in the NBA. They would have a riot if they did that in the NBA. Congratulations. They gonna let Why they riot Because they gonna let the guys play it out. Like, but, but by the way, once again, I'm not mad at what happened last night because it's good for the sport of the WNBA. It's exciting. People are talking about it this morning. It adds on to the, the great season, the transcendence season they had this year, and Shout out tore, she pulled up to the game with a half and half jerseys support. Both Teams didn't like that. Why? Because she plays with Chicago.


She sky a w wear A-W-N-B-A shirt. Andrew Reese is a dog. N okay? And, and when you And I don't wanna see no dog representing two other teams that you Don ain't even play play. You Want her to pull up with a shirt that say literally WNBA. Yes. And You know Theresa with a Spoon is her girl. So she was supporting WNBA I'm, I'm with all of that, but she don't play for either one of them teams. That's all right. She's supporting she support of you gotta both them. Next. Next. It's a bipartisan sport, man. Please, you gotta play both them teams next year. I, I don't like that. Congratulations to the living. Congratulations ladies. That's Right. Alright. And that is just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Laura Trump will be joining us. She's the co-chair of the Republican National Committee. And also that's Trump's daughter-in-Law.


Yes. We gonna talk to him a little bit. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jesse. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick Sports The World series. All right. Starts Friday, October 25th is gonna be the Yankees versus the Dodgers. So that starts this Friday. Looking forward to that. Now. The New York Liberty salute to the New York Liberty. They won the WNBA championship the first time since the WNBA actually started. So congratulations to the Liberty. They won 67 62. Now in NFL give you some quick scores. Jaguars beat the Patriots. Lions beat the Vikings, the Bills beat. The Titans Seahawks beat the Falcons.


The Cols beat the Dolphins. The Packers beat the Texans. The Bengals beat the Browns, the Rams beat the Raiders. The Chiefs beat the 49 ERs. Eagles beat the Giants Commanders beat the Panthers and the Steelers beat the Jets. And in Monday night Football, it's a double header. The Baltimore Ravens take on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the charges take on the Cardinals. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So yeah, vice President Kamala Harris. Right? She was busy, busy on the campaign trail over the weekend. Maybe that's why she didn't show up to her alma mater. Howard University's homecoming, but I won't get too much into that. Y'all Look crazy for thinking that she was ever coming there. I thought, Thought she was gonna breeze by Howard You. know A of the schools that, did Howard Supposed get a couple minutes? Did she even sent surrogate?


I ain't She posted on Instagram? She said, happy homecomings for my fellow Bisons. I saw that. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. Well shout out to Emma and her parents who pulled up on me. I was hosting an event in the Valley. She, they were, they listened to us and they were absolutely adorable and sweet. So, but yeah, we were waiting VP where you was at. Anyway, so I guess she was celebrating her 60th birthday. She did so in church yesterday. She spoke at the Souls to the Polls event at New Birth church in Stonecrest, Georgia, where she made her case to Christian voters. Let's hear those comments. In this moment, our country is at a crossroads, and where we go from here is up to us as Americans and as people of faith.


And now we ask a question, we face this question, what kind of country do we want to live in? A country of chaos, fear and hate, or a country of freedom, compassion, and justice. And the great thing about living in a democracy is that We, The People have the power to answer that question. So let us answer not just through our words, but through our action and with our votes. Yeah. So Pastor Jamal Brian is actually the pastor of New Birth. If you have ever watched Real Housewives of Potomac, that's Giselle's ex-husband. During that, she also praised the way that Georgia residents responded to the recent devastation caused by Hurricane Helene. Do you guys think that the VP role is critical to the president?


Yes. Yeah, absolutely. The VP's role, the VP is definitely in the president's ear about a lot of things. I mean, she's not the president or they're not the president, so they don't make the final decision. But yes, they, they're definitely in the ear of the president. Well, speaking in Grand Rapids Michigan, vice President Harris said that her role to President Biden in terms of influence on policy issue, well she had something to say in regards to that. Let's hear those comments. I mean, to be very candid with you, you even including Mike Pence, vice presidents are not critical of their president. I think that really, actually, in terms of the tradition of it and also just going forward, it does not make for a productive and important relationship. What is she saying now? Yeah, I not, It does not make for an important and productive relationship.


I mean, like, like I said, they're, they're in the, they're in the president's ear, but they're not making the final decision. You know what I mean? I mean, she clearly, she would know better than us. Right? Right. She, she's been in the role. She's the vice president. Yeah, absolutely. Alright, so meanwhile, former President Obama, he was on the campaign trail for Vice President Harris in the swing state of Arizona speaking in Tucson on Friday, where he questioned former President Trump's competence, asking the crowd, have you seen him lately? Let's hear more from Obama in Tucson, Arizona. He's given two, two and a half hour speeches, just word salads. You, you, you have no idea what he's talking about. He just decided, You know what? I'm gonna stop taking question. And then he's swaying to Ave Maria and YMCA for about half an hour.


Folks are standing there, not sure what's happening. Yeah. So Obama reminded the crowd that the only reason why Trump can claim the economy was good during his presidency was because he handed that economy off to Trump. He also cited Trump for saying January 6th, 2021 was a day of love adding that Trump made the attack on the US Capitol. Sound like Woodstock former President Obama will stay on the campaign trail for Harris this week. He is expected to be in North Carolina, which has not swung blue since he was elected in his first term in 2008. He also is expected to hit another or a slew of swing states in the final stretch of, in that race to the White House. He will make a joint appearance with VP Harris on October 24th in Georgia.


When Is the good sister Michelle Obama going to get on the road? Because I mean, Michelle Obama was the DNC and she told her for Her D nnc and she said, do something. And That was to do something. I ain't seen her out there yet. What? What, what Michelle Obama at like, I I would think Michelle Obama would be on the front lines, especially You know for Vice President, Kamala Harris, And You know for a fellow woman of color where, where Michelle Obama at, maybe they saved her for like the, the last like couple days at the time. Now we have that luxury. This is go time now. She gotta she gotta have a rally or something playing. Right Man, we, well, I will definitely figure that out and bring that back to you guys tomorrow. Oh, I see something now. Michelle Obama, the headline Michigan rally on first day of in-person voting.


When, when is that? That Would be, I wanna say this week. I know that. Oh no. In-person vote in early voting October 26th actually. October 26th. Yes. Yes. So they rolling her out the last couple Days. Oh yeah. A lot. Yeah, I was gonna say, yeah, y'all keep that in mind too. A lot of in-person early voting kicks off this week and a lot of the states that actually have it, so it kicks off on Saturday. Oh. So if you guys wanna early vote, exercise your right to vote For sure. She's doing something in Michigan on October 26th and then Saturday Michelle Obama will be doing something Tuesday, October 29th a get out the vote rally in Georgia as well. Okay. There you go. Thanks. All right, well that's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network and download the free iHeartRadio App.


Visit bi news.com. Thank y'all. Talk to you tomorrow. All right, now when we come back, thank you Morgan. Laura Trump will be joining us. Make sure to ask her about why she got us, why the, why the Trump campaign got us running in the mad without our permission. She's the co-chair of the Republican National Committee and she, of course, that's Trump's daughter-in-Law. So we're gonna talk to her when we come back. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Hey everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave, so Lauren Oz is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. We have Laura Trump. Welcome. Good morning. Thank you. How You feeling this morning? I'm feeling great. How are you guys?


Blessed black and highly favored. Good morning. There you go. Yeah. Now you are the co-chair of the Republican National Committee. Yes. Yes. What does that mean exactly? What? Yeah, what is that? Well, there's a chairman of the RNC, his name is Michael Watley. And as Co-chair I work alongside of him and You know, we're basically in charge of the Republican party at this point. And I've been in this position since March. It's been an a, a wild ride. This is the probably one of the craziest times in politics we anyone can remember. And so, so yeah, I'm honored to do it. Your father-in-Law has a lot to do with that. Well, You know, actually, the RNC committee members have to vote you into this position now. I did get a call from him back in January one night and he said, I think you should run for this position.


And to be honest, I said, I have two young kids. My kids are five and seven now. I have a lot of personal endeavors that You know I have underway as well. I said, I don't know if, if this is the job for me right now, knowing how, how big this election was gonna be, knowing what laid ahead of me. But he convinced me to run for it. And then the committee members that the RNC voted me into this position, And, I'm honored to do it. Have you been a lifelong Republican or? I would say yes. I've always voted Republican, but You know politics were never a, a big thing discussed in my household when I was growing up. I grew up in southeastern North Carolina. You know, I think that naturally I gravitated towards more conservative values, but we never really discussed it. But yeah, I've always voted Republican.


But Let's, let's go back a little bit. Let's, let's find out who Laura Trump is. So, okay. You, you're married to Trump's son, Eric. Yes. What did you guys meet and You know. Explain that, break that down so people know your history and where you came from and, and how you got into politics. Yeah, I Politics wasn't your thing at first. No, Well, it wasn't anyone's thing with the, the last name Trump, if we're all honest for, for a long time. I moved here, I moved to New York in 2007. I actually moved here to go to culinary school. And I met Eric out one night. I had no idea that a guy named Eric Trump even existed. But you guys probably saw when I walked in, I'm, I'm a tall drink of water and when I have heels on, I'm like six two. Oh, so you walked In pumping? Yeah. And he was Like, who that? Yeah. Well I saw across the room, I was like, well, who's that guy who's taller than I am with my heels on?


I said, this could work out. And little did I know, here we are, gosh, 16, all you look for is height. That's all it takes then. That's what, that's what drew me in Charlamagne. But, but it takes a little more than that. And to be honest with you, when I found out who he was, I said, well, I think I'll go out on a date with this guy, And I. I'll probably just have a story to tell because you have in your mind what someone with the last name Trump would be Like, he was gonna be an a-hole. Right. Like, I mean, to be honest with you, and we went out to dinner and we did not order food for four hours because we had such a good conversation going. He was so down to earth. I was so impressed with all the things he said to me. And our conversation was great. And that's what really drew me in and that's what it took for me.


Oh, I got one question. Why give the, as the chance, like if you said to yourself, his last name is Trump, I thought he was an As. Why would that make you wanna go on a date with him? I mean, I think my initial like knee jerk was, oh, this guy's gonna be like, I'm not gonna like him. But we communicated You know. Gotcha. We talked on the phone and he seemed, he seemed relatively okay. So I said, all right, let me go see what this is about. And Yeah. So when did, and you worked at Inside Edition too, right? I sure did. Okay. Yeah, I, I have a background and my I communication media degree from NC State. Shout out to the Wolf Pack. I was a producer with Inside Edition for five years until of course the famous escalator ride in Trump Tower. And now my life is politics.


And when did it switch to politics? When did 'cause You know it was a, a big happy entertainment family and then politics hit. Yeah. And when you started hearing the politics talk, did you believe it? Did you say, no way, this cannot possibly happen? Walk us through that. Because I don't think anybody ever thought that Donald Trump would make it to president. It just didn't seem like, 'cause he wasn't a quote unquote politician. Yeah, Well he was friends with everybody. We were at the Al Smith dinner and he was right there next to Chuck Schumer and he said to Chuck Schumer, who's obviously a democrat, senator, he said, I gave Chuck his first check ever when he was running for like Assembly Man or something. So yeah, he was, That's why Chuck was laughing so hard. Remember we asked why Chuck was laughing so hard? Chuck was laughing. Boy, I don't be liking the optics of that because when you hear people like Chuck Schumann say things like Trump is a threat to democracy, but then you're sitting next to him yucking it up.


Why would you be yucking it up with somebody who you consider a threat to democracy? Well, you have to ask yourself that question, don't you? Maybe. It's a lot of fear mongering, Charlamagne. What I can tell you is I know Donald Trump, I have known him for 16 years and Chuck Schumer's known him a lot longer than I have, and I think he knows full well. He's not a threat to, to democracy. And you don't even have to take my word for it. Look at what he did when he was in the White House. Like there was never any threat to democracy when he was in the White House. And, I would Actually cool with a country. Well, that you can argue that a lot of different ways peacefully and patriotically make your voices heard is not an attempted coup. What was a coup was when they replaced Joe Biden with Kamala Harris, who was not elected by anyone to run for president. There are 14 million people who voted for Joe Biden to be the nominee for the Democrat Party.


And if you want to talk about a real threat to democracy, I would argue that that Wasn't a cruel, but Lord, did anyone die when that Happened, though? Well, no. No. Not even that. She, she was vice president. So The only person who died was a woman who was there, actually very supportive of, of Donald Trump on that day. But that's still a life loss. I'm just saying compare. That was terrible. The comparison is a big, We could, we could go down the of, of, of people dying in a lot of different circumstances. And I would argue that, that, that that list could get very long for the Democrats as well. But, but She was vice president. She was on the ballot. People did vote for her. The delegates did vote for her at the dnc. But would you as a, I'm gonna assume a, a Democrat voter for a long time. Unaffiliated, unaffiliated voter. Yeah. If you were a Democrat, maybe a Democrat here, would you guys, if you had the option to vote for someone other than Joe Biden to be the representative for you on the Democrat ticket, have chosen Kamala Harris to be that person?


Yes. I would've chosen Kamala Harris Out of really interesting. Yes. I mean, I, I actually, I, I was a president that was calling for Joe Biden to step down for a very long time. And I think that there's You know when Joe Biden made a statement last year, he said, there's about 50 of us that could beat Donald Trump. I was like, well, line 'em all up then. And I definitely had her as one of the people. One of the thing. But to answer your question, I know we kind of got sidetracked. Yep. But in politics, none of us in the family had obviously any experience in politics. But I had heard my father-in-Law a lot, very upset about what he felt was wasteful. He felt like we weren't focused on America. That we were sending jobs overseas, businesses overseas, that the federal government was bloated and overspending.


And he said, this isn't right. This isn't the America that I grew up in and that I think we should You know, have a, as a great future for this country. Right before his famous golden escalator ride, we all sat down as a family for dinner. And he talked us through a You know, I want to do this. This is definitely something that, that is real. But if I do this the right way, if I do what is needed, And I, call the people out who need to be called out and expose the things that need to be exposed. They're gonna come after us. And it's not just me, it's the whole family. And I. Think you guys need to really appreciate that And I need to under you to understand that and make sure everybody I felt too seen dragged.


I'm nk. And this is Basket Case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a chauffeur, the mentally ill girlies on Basket Case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because if you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But if you struggle to cope, the society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And it will call you a Basket Case. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This Is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know that We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent I'm coming offers because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now Here we are opening up the Friendship Circle To you. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns, talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are Crooks Everywhere, you look now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere, a podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely expose the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state, and she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Bruce Bozzi on my podcast. Table for two. We have Unforgettable Lunch After Unforgettable Lunch with the best guest you could possibly ask for. People like David Duchovny You know New Yorkers have a reputation of being very tough and, but it's not, it's not that way at all. They're very accepting. Jeff Goldblum, Are you saying secret fries? Secret fries? What? That's what you're saying? Yeah. And Christian Wig. I just became so aware that I'm such a loud chewer. My husband's just like, sometimes I'll be eating and he'll just be looking at me. I'm Like, I am just eating. Like, I dunno. How else to chew. Table For Two is a bit different from other interview shows. We sit down at a great restaurant for a meal and the story start flowing. Our second season is airing right now, so you can catch up on our conversations that are intimate, surprising, and often hilarious. Listen to Table for Two with Bruce Bozzi on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


In 1982, Atari players had one thing on their minds Sword Quest. This wasn't just a new game. Atari promised 150 grand in prizes to four finalists, but the prizes disappeared. And what started as a video game promotion became one of the most controversial moments in eighties pop culture. I just don't believe they exist. That would be my reaction. Shock and Awe. That sword was amazing. It was so beautiful. I'm Jamie Loftus Join me this spring for The Legend of Sword Quest, a podcast about the fall of Atari and the disappearing sword Quest prizes. We'll follow the quest for lost Treasure across four decades. It's almost like a metaphor for the industry and Atari itself in a Way. Listen to The Legend of Sword Quest on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Body feels good about it. Of course. We were like, well, yeah. Like how, how that gonna be? So that was sort of where we all kind of got our intro into politics At that dinner. Did y'all say You know what? Well, let's put all our dirt on the on on the table right now, because You know they're gonna be coming at you. You know Press is gonna try anything that you guys have ever done. If you guys have stolen a, a snicker bar from the store, they're gonna come at that. Was that the dinner where you said, well, let's put everything on the table so we know what they're gonna be attacking, or that never happened? No. I mean, I think we naively thought, look, if you, if you have good intentions and you do the right things and you're a good person, then You know. If Donald Trump became President And I think we all thought after he won in 2016, oh, well then all the craziness will stop.


Everybody will rally behind the person who's president of the United States. 'cause we should all want our president to be successful. That is successful for America. And obviously we were very wrong. All right. We got more with Laura Trump when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa, filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Laura Trump. She's the co-chair of Republican National Committee. A lot of people feel that Trump is, is racist. And what do you say to that? You know in 73, of course is when he got sued for not renting African Americans in 89 when he took out the ad in the paper. And I mean, even saying Obama wasn't born here and show his birth certificate. And there's, there's numerous things. So what do you say to that? Well, I think that's ridiculous.


I've known this man for 16 years, and You know you can go to each of those incidents and You know there was, there was never any, any proof of anything with the, the houses that you're talking about. He settled. He settled. He settled off for that though, right? Yeah. They, they settled that that was, and there was no admission of anything there. You know, central Park five. There were so many people. You had a Democrat, governor, Democrat, da who prosecuted those, the the guys. And they admitted to it. There were a lot of people in New York at that time, Exonerated and freed. And there was never an apology. Never saw ever a my Bad. However, I'll say that. You have to look at somebody and what they actually have done. And Donald Trump really was very beneficial to the black community when he was in the White House.


I will say, I've never seen this man say a racist thing. I think the attacks are fairly s Why is that funny? Charlamagne, I'm just la I, it it's hysterical. But I mean, but no Charlem saying, because people act like there's no such thing as Google, or we don't have tv. We don't have radio. Radio. Well, what is it that you think that, that he said, when Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. This morning a bitter backlash after President Trump referred to Haiti and African nations as asshole countries during a meeting on immigration. Thursday, The president facing outrage after taking 48 hours to condemn racism and to call out groups by name, much of that from leaders of his own party tonight, president Trump said he needed all of the facts before delivering his response.


And he went on to say that there is blame on both sides. That there were fined people on both sides. In his words, adding the initial protestors did have a permit. Here's what I'll say. You go pick apart somebody all you want. It is a traditional talking point to attack Republicans to call them racist. But when you look at the things that he wants for this country, he wants every person to be successful. And whether you wanna talk about actually funding in perpetuity, historically black colleges and universities, whether do you wanna talk about the First Step act that allowed 30,000 nonviolent felons to be released from prison, who the 1994 crime bill actually put in prison?


These are things that really have, I feel like spoken to a lot of people, but more so than anything, the economy right now is such that I don't care who you are, it is hurting you. And it is something that he wants to fix. And You know, I hate that. That is the constant knee jerk is Donald Trump is a racist. Donald Trump is a racist. I I can tell you, he wants every person to be successful. He'll work for every American equally. He did that the first term when he was president. And he will do it again. How do You ask Mexicans and Muslims to ignore a lot of the rhetoricians, to ignore a lot of the rhetoric that he said about them that is, that is dangerous. That has villainized them. That has demonized them. Well, I would say anyone who's coming to this country illegally, he's very against.


And every American should be very against. If you're an American citizen, Donald Trump doesn't care your religion. He doesn't care what you look like. He will work for you. And he wants to make this country safe for you. We should all want a secure southern border. A lot of the comments get misconstrued that he says about people coming here illegally. They're breaking our federal law to come here illegally. The open border has been a disaster. So yeah, he's upset about it. And yes, he says, he says things about people coming here illegally and rightly so. And you And I as American citizens should be the ones absolutely infuriated that this has been a lot to happen. I agree with you. The border is a disaster. I feel like the border is a bipartisan issue though, because the border has been terrible under multiple administrations.


Well, We had the lowest border crossings when Donald Trump was in the White House. So we've ever had, Yes, but I still feel like it's gonna take some bipartisan legislation, You know to actually fix things at the border. You can't do executive orders. You can't do that. So how come they can't come to terms on that? And why did Donald Trump shoot down? What they said was one of the most comprehensive bipartisan, bipartisan border bills that If you actually read, if you actually read what was in there, there was like $60 billion for Ukraine. There were so many issues with that. It would allow 1.8 million illegal immigrants into our country a year. And I mean It was, it was nonsense. Honestly, Charlemagne, and we should all want a secure southern border. It's why Donald Trump built 500 over 500 miles a border wall. And, I saw it with my own eyes. It went down to Yuma, Arizona about a month ago.


You have this border wall that Donald Trump built and then laying down on the ground where you have a wide open section are pieces of the border wall that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, because they campaign and said, we will not build another foot of Donald Trump's border wall. It's laying on the ground. And there are people who come right through there. They could stand it up right now if they wanted to, but they won't do it. That is very frustrating. If, If the bipartisan board bill was so bad, like you say, how come so many Republicans were for it until Donald Trump intervened to say, no, I don't think Donald Trump intervened at all. He's not in, he's not in elected office right now. And he Literally told them not to do it. Said In negotiators have been inching closer to a border security deal after months of work here.


But it could all unravel with former President Trump urging Republicans not to do a deal prompting talk about blocking an agreement so that voters can blame President Biden for its failure and credit Mr. Trump with getting a deal if he wins the election. I noticed a lot of the senators, they're blaming it on me. I said, that's okay. Please blame it on me because they were getting ready to pass a very bad bill. That I, I don't think that's true, but I also, what you mean? No, well ask Donald Trump yourself. I he will Tell you now, that's a good question. I wonder for you, how tough is it having the last name Trump, because you are the You know the co-chair of the RNC. How hard is it for you to have to always answer questions about Donald Trump?


Does it come with its challenges because there is a lot of negative information out there about Donald Trump? Absolutely. But I can't think of anything better that I could be doing right now than trying to fight for the future of this country. And I really believe that when people think about their life with Donald Trump in office and their life right now, they will always say, my life was better with him in office. And he really does wanna see us successful. We are the superpower of The World. That is such a, a huge deal. But things are going in the wrong way in a lot of different aspects. And I think one of the scariest things to him right now is nuclear war. You know, he talks about it all the time, that it is a real possibility right now.


You have Russia, you have Iran, you have a lot of bad actors out there who are chomping at the bit they saw the way we exited from Afghanistan. They see the weakness right now in this White House. And You know you want a strong president 'cause you want peace through strength. And that's what we had. He was the only president in 82 years not to have a new war under his leadership. What you just said just now about the nuclear war is something I agree with. I feel like there is too much casual conversation about nuclear war from a lot of different world leaders. And I. Don't think we're discussing it enough. Yeah, that I, that I agree With, it's terrifying. But imagine the United States gets into World War III and we indeed would be sucked right into it. The the people, our our young men and women in this country are going to be sent overseas.


And it is gonna be horrific. And on top of that, it won't be like any war we have ever seen ever in in the history of The World because nuclear is, is absolutely terrifying. It would destroy The World. It's gonna last an hour. Yeah, it we be gone. Yeah. No, it's, it's very scary. And You know people gave him, so remember when he was running in 2016, they were like, we can't give this guy the nuclear codes. I agree with that though. The, oh, even now to this point, He was the only person Charlemagne not to get us into a new war. He was the one who got us the Abraham Accords peace agreements. The people said were impossible in the Middle East. So why is that? Why are you concerned about Donald Trump with the nuclear? Did You see what he did on January 6th? What did he do? Got a little bit sixth.


What Did he do on January 6th? He got a little bit upset and used his words. What did, what words did he say though? The words that you said earlier, Peacefully and patriotically make your voice. And then what happened after that? So How was, how were his words Actually attriting to that? Because I think that for me, him, him being able to just push a button, hypothetically speaking it, it's a little bit scary because we've seen kind of, he gets a little bit erratic when he wants to, Well, nothing happened for four years when he was in the White House. And in fact, we had a peaceful world. We had a stable world. We had, look at it right now. It is a hornet's nest and it is very scary. The trajectory from here to what could happen if you don't have the right leadership. How we have more with Laura Trump when we come back. She's the co-chair of the Republican National Committee.


She's also married to Eric Trump, which is Donald Trump's son. All right, we'll talk to him some more when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning. Morning. Morning everybody. EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa, filling in for Jess. We're still kicking in with Laura Trump. She's the co-chair of Republican National Committee. Now, his life has been threatened twice in a possibility, right? 'cause the other ones, they say whatever, so we'll say three times. Do you think it was because of his rhetoric or do you think it's because of the Democrat's rhetoric? Why do you think his life keeps getting threatened, like the way that it is? We've never seen this ever in life. And it seems like he's, his life should be protected a lot better than that, especially with secret service. So what does your, your thought on that saying that That's, that's very nice. I agree with you. You know. I think that when Donald Trump came down, that escalator, he was different.


He came right out the gate and started saying things that upset some people. But a lot of Americans resonated with that. And they said, wait a minute, this guy kind of talks like I talk. He did kill the language of politics. I, I agree With that. Yeah. He's, he's changed, he's changed the landscape of, of politics. And whether you like Donald Trump or you don't, you probably are more invested in politics now than you ever could have imagined because of him. I do think that whenever you have people out there who constantly talk about, we need to take this guy out, he's a threat to democracy. He's this, that and the other. And you demonize someone so much over and over and over. Well, his running me called him Hitler again. JD Vance said he's A Hitler. And he's, and he's admitted that that is, that obviously he was wrong.


He was misled. He's the thing Rhetoric would get you killed. Though I can imagine if I watched or got my information from the wrong news outlets that I would probably hate Donald Trump too. But I actually know him and I'm his daughter-in-Law and I'm part of this family. And I know what he goes through on a daily basis. And I know what he wants to do for this country. The reason that do, why do I think You know people have tried to assassinate him? I can only assume it's because they don't want him to become president. And most people, you get one assassination attempt, you're probably out. Donald Trump is still there going strong. And he said nothing, nothing will ever stop him. When you hear Trump say things that he wants to terminate the constitution, the overthrow the results of an election, what do you think about? When Did Donald Trump say that? Oh my God. He said it on true social.


He said he wants to overthrow the Constitution. He said, he said, we should terminate the Constitution to overthrow the results of the election. It's the oath of office. Every president takes defend, Preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States, the Constitution of the United States. But former President Trump is now taking aim at this founding document, a post from Trump suggesting the possible termination of parts of the Constitution and a redo of the 2020 election. That's not what he said. Donald Trump is a strong supporter of the United States Constitution, and he wants free, fair, and transparent elections. And he wants every American, no matter how you vote, he said it to have your opportunity to vote and only legal votes counted.


Did you, what, what'd you think when he said he had every right to interfere in the 2020 election? Whoever Heard you get indicted for interfering with a presidential election where you have have every right to do it. I think whenever you are the commander in chief and you're the leader of this country, it is his duty, I think, to make sure that everybody feels like their vote was counted. And, and that's what he was trying to accomplish. And I, I understand why you support your father-in-Law. That's your father-in-Law. You're the co-chair of the RNC. But his policies, especially towards women, they absolutely take away rights from women. What do you think about that? Which rights? How's that? Which rights? The Roe v waiving overturned women's reproductive rights? Like what are we talking about? So Here's the thing that's been very interesting to me about this.


In entire election, obviously abortion has become really the number one issue of, of the Democrats. I think And I think it's because they know that a lot of what they've done to this country, people are smart enough to see, like it's been, it's been bad. People are hurting. Like we said earlier, we've already established that what happened when the Supreme Court said when we're gonna get rid of Roe v Wade, is that the most democratic of things happened, which is that this went back to the states so that We, The People actually have the opportunity in our respective states to vote on it. Donald Trump has said he will not sign a federal abortion ban. This should be out of the hands of the federal government. And actually it's a great thing so that here in New York, there might be a vote that is very different than what they might have in Alabama or California or Nevada.


It's all up to us. We, The, People in our respective states. And so I think the talking point that Donald Trump is somehow threatening. This is outrageous. He wants, he sets, I want nothing to do with it, But he takes credit for it. For 54 years, they were trying to get Roe v. Wade terminated. And I did it, and I'm proud to have done it. He said, I put the three Supreme Court judges on the stand that actually overturned Roe v. Wade and You know what in some places, Charlemagne, it actually means that things are going to be more liberal and they're gonna, they're gonna have a lot longer opportunity for people to have abortions. Some places it might be less, but You know what that is up to the people of the states. And Donald Trump, I think has been very clear that it should never have been in the hands of the federal government.


It should have never been in the hands of the United States Supreme Court to decide it should be up to the people. Well, He moonwalking now. He said, he said some abortion laws are too tough and need to be redone. And he said in his Fox News Town Hall this past Wednesday that they're going to be redone. Well, I think that's up to the states and the states have to vote on it. But he said, I want nothing to do with it. You know. You know. Donald Trump always talks about fake news. Right? And recently, me and my co-host over here was talking about a commercial we saw and they chopped up the commercial and put it out. It was fake news. And it was showing that we were going against Kamala Harris and supporting Donald Trump. Oh, You guys here? Yes. Did you see the commercial? I know What you're talking about. It's been all over tv. adsd. So what do you see about something like that, that's fake news that we see so much that was literally cut up and spliced and made?


Look, that was totally not what it Well, I haven't seen that one. I know haven't seen talking. I know what you're referencing. I haven't seen that one, so I can't really opine on that. But you're saying that not everybody does that? No, it's fake news. I'm just, I'm just asking. It's just weird to throw it it out there and then You know talk about fake news. But that was totally fake and it just seemed totally falsified. Well, I I, I would like, if you wanna pull it up, I'll take a look at it. But that's all right. And I haven't I haven't seen that one. Do you listen To the show? I do. Sometimes. I You know. Charlemagne has probably given Donald Trump donkey today. The most donkey outta everybody. Oh, I'm fairing balance though. It's a, I give everybody, It's an accolade, so thank you. I'm Sure I'm carrying balance. I I give all elected officials Don give day. Yeah. It just gets a little more. Well, I like that you say that you're independent.


Yeah, yeah. That you're not affiliated with any party. Nope. That's, that's cool. I like that. I think that we all know that this election and all elections come down to independent voters. So we're working hard for your vote. Charlemagne, You not getting it. I'm paying for Kamala Harris. I don't know. How much longer do we have? How much longer do we have? And Trump wants to jail journalist. I You know. I'm a, I'm a radio personality. Can't, we wouldn't even have jobs. That's, they said that he wants break up media monopolies. No, no, no. Forget the media monopolies. He said outta his mouth if we, he said it numerous times. He was with, I think it was, he was sitting with Ben Shapiro the other day and he was like, watch what I do. I think it was with the New York Times. He said, watch what I do to then The New York Times is one of the most dishonest of all. I watched this New York Times and it's a classic.


What do you see what I'm gonna do with him? You're gonna have so much fun. He Said, has news license. He literally said he wants two jail journalists who oppose him. And you believe that. Did he jail journalists whenever he was in the White House. So why are You saying my thing is this? Why say things that he doesn't believe if he doesn't want us to believe him? Well, I, I would have to actually hear him say that. 'cause I, you may have heard of something as called sarcasm. And Donald Trump operates in that quite a bit. And sometimes the things that he says, I think get misconstrued. He's being sarcastic about things and joking about a lot of things. And then people say, wait a minute, he says this, that and the other. But he's Running for president. He, he still does not want to consider himself a politician, albeit he's been president. Obviously You know, looking out on the outside, he looks mean.


Right? Yeah. You know, grab her by the and the mentally disabled and mentally impaired. And you very dumb person. You over there? Okay. No, because you said he was joking. That's why I was asking. 'cause you said he, oh, he's just joking when he says things like that. So what's your thought when he calls, especially a, another woman mentally disabled, mentally despaired and, and You know called a What are your thoughts when he says things like that? You talking about that he Donald Trump, I guess he was talking about Kamala Harris. Joe Biden became mentally impaired, said, but Lion Kamala Harris, honestly, I believe she was born that way. There's something wrong with Kamala. So some of the things you have to ask yourself, I don't know how smart can a person be if this is the way that they are operating.


And I think that's his whole point. We want somebody who's gonna do the job and do it well. And the proof is in the pudding. You had Donald Trump for four years, saw how he did the job. You saw how your life was. Take a look around right now. Doesn't feel very good for many people. All right. Well we appreciate you for joining us. Well, Thank you guys. I'm glad to be here. Spirited discussion. Yeah. The co-chair of Republican National Committee. Thank you so much for joining us. You got it. It's Laura Trump and And I. And I. And it's, it's interesting to me how I do watch y'all And I do see the conversations that y'all are willing to have. Yeah. And I. Think that there's something to We're here, there is something to that. Yes, I'm here. Yes, absolutely. Thank you. We appreciate It. It's Laura Trump. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning.


Are the, are the MegaBots Swarm in the Commons yet? Not yet. You know the bot's coming. They get up to eight. Get up to eight. What you mean they don't get up to eight? Am you crazy? They don't sleep. What the hell you talking about? Mm. No. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren. La Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do She Don't nobody. World mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa back. And. I got the mess. Talk To me. Well, and more Trump news. He asked some new supporters that popped out over the weekend.


Antonio Brown. Labon Ball. Ooh, Labon Ball. Okay, gimme a second. Labon Bell. Now there, Antonio Brown, I think wasn't as controversial because it's Antonio Brown. And he does, he does the things all the time, right? Like seeing him pop out with Trump and You know he's been up under Kanye to me that I was kind, I wasn't surprised to see it. Right? It was a little bit expected. Avon Bell though, he wore a T-shirt while at the one of the rallies, backstage at one of the rallies that got people pretty pissed off the T-shirt said Trump of the Tramp 2024. And it had Kamala on there. Trump on the T-shirt as well too. So people were pissed off about this shirt saying like, You know you can choose who to vote for and support whoever you wanna support.


But now the insults going, a black woman's wear are getting a bit outta hand here. But there was an, oh, That, that, that didn't surprise me either though. 'cause I lived through a, a Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. So You know sexism is gonna be a part of it when a woman runs. And he's a and he's a former Pittsburgh Steeler player. Now he's boxing, right? He's boxing now, right? And he, he wore that shirt. For people that don't know who Avon Bella is, people Who know him. Just in case. Another supporter though, who some people may not know her. I feel like a lot of people know her, especially online, well, newly supporter, but then decided to step away from it was Alexis Sky. So if you do not know who Alexis Sky is. Alexis Sky. She was formerly loving hip hop. She's big on social media.


She, at one point had, was known as the mother of a child with Fetty Wap. But then come it came to find out that it was not Fedie WAPs daughter, but her daughter. She is a mom of a disabled daughter, Aaliyah Grace. So over the weekend, there was an interview that came out with Alexis Sky. She was on Kiss one of 4.1, and she talked about her support for Trump and why she was supporting Trump. Let's take a listen. I'm Voting for Trump. Let's talk about it voting for Trump. What's the energy behind it? What's the thought process behind It? I just feel like when Trump was around, I just feel like things were different. People have their opinion on him. I do think that Trump could be a little extra, but he gets the job done. All my friends is voting for Trump. I feel like the younger generation, Trump has a lock. He had, it was more money flowing for us.


So get up and go vote because it's super important. If you want Trump to win, go vote for him. If you want the other one to win, then go vote for her. Kamala, it is Camilla Kamala, I don't know how to say her name. I didn't wanna say Kamala. Oh, I Ice President Kamala Harris. Kam kamilla it. Kamala or Kamala. Kamala. Kamala. Knowing old white men's names, but not knowing women of color names. When you are a woman of color, don't sit right with me. Mm. I'm, I'm still surprised people can't pronounce her name, which is the craziest thing ever because I mean, it's you so much. They do this as a, I felt like that was definitely a troll by Alexis. Now, now what was even worse was when she, Devin interview went out speaking to trolls. What? Oh, baby. She was dragged. The biggest thing that most people were echoing is you're, you're getting out here, you're telling people to vote.


Whoever you decide to vote for is your business. But when you got on this platform and wanted to lead people to, to You know, sway them on way, there should have been a little bit more research done. Because you are a mother of a child with disabilities. And Trump is actively on this campaign show talking about what he wants to do when it talks about defunding the Department of Education, which would affect if it goes into place. It definitely could affect the way that You know funding for kids who are learning with disabilities and low income kids. How that happens. So people are like, well, I'm, I'm kind of confused. How do you as a mom of a daughter with disabilities, even side with the person You, know who would even be taking resources away from your child? So after all that dragon started, Alexis Sky posted a statement, said The interview idea regarding voting was done prior to Trump's statement on the Department of Education.


I, initially, I wanted to, to vote for Trump for my own personal reasons. After familiarizing myself with both candidates, I will no longer be voting for him. And then she put November 4th. And so basically what she's saying is after he sat with, I think it was Foxing friends and talked about the Department of Education and, and what he wants to do there, she backed away. But he's been going back and forth about this Department of Education taking money away from them and restructuring that for a very long time now, for, since like August, September. Yeah. And that lets me know, she doesn't know much about Trump. If that's the statement that made her back away, like, listen, vote for whoever you wanna vote for. Just make sure you are making an informed decision and be willing to deal with the consequences of set decision. But I'm telling you right now, most people who tell me they're voting for Trump, either A, not informed on Trump like they believe they are, or b, just simply don't care.


And they agree with him and his authoritarian rhetoric. And I'm not mad at anybody for choosing to do whatever they wanna do. But I do think like when you get out there on a public platform, it is, is you, you leave yourself open for people have questions. Yeah, absolutely. And I think you should keep it to yourself if your question, if your answers to those question aren't Gonna make sense. And that's besting what you said. I think it's gonna have to get to the point where people keep it to themselves. Right? You hear both sides and that's, you vote for what you wanna vote for. Like where people saying what they feel because people are basing how they look at people based off who you voting for, right? And And Don don't think that's right. You should be able to vote for whoever you wanna vote for. Yeah. And, I well in, in most, in most cases. But now when it comes to somebody like Trump, like I said, either if, if if you're voting for Trump, you're either A, not informed on Trump like you believe you are, or B just simply don't care.


And you agree with his authoritarian rhetoric. Like, it it, there's no other way around it. There's just no other way. And when you say You know more money was flowing. They talking about those stimulus checks and PPP loans. But everybody forgets that it was a whole pandemic. Millions of people had to die from Covid for those checks to be kicked out. He didn't just give y'all money. And Can I also say during that same pandemic, 'cause she's in Atlanta, so I know in Atlanta, some people in Atlanta, it's like they only, oh, Atlanta was crazy, right? They only felt the money 'cause they outside having a good time. It never closed. Atlanta never Planned was not one point. And I, I know she was in Atlanta. She back and forth to You know. Sometimes I think she, I don't quote me on Miami, but I think I know her to be there a little bit too during the pandemic too. Trump also threatened to take away money from school if tried to take away money from schools that wouldn't.


Hey Friends, Hey friends, I'm m Jessica, Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent I'm coming offers because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now Here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on That in-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk. And this is Basket Case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh look, if you'll gimme therapy girl. Finally, a chauffeur, the mentally ill girlies on Basket Case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because if you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But if you struggle to cope, the society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a Basket Case. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In 1982, Atari players had one thing on their minds Sword quest. This wasn't just a new game. Atari promised 150 grand in prizes to four finalists, but the prizes disappeared. And what started as a video game promotion became one of the most controversial moments in eighties pop culture. I just don't believe they exist. That would be my reaction. Shock and awe. That sword was amazing. It was so beautiful. I'm Jamie Loftus. Join me this spring for The Legend of Sword Quest, a podcast about the fall of Atari and the disappearing sword Quest prizes. We'll follow the quest for lost treasure across four decades. It's almost like a metaphor for the industry and Atari itself in a Way. Listen to The Legend of Sword Quest on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Definitely.


Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are Crooks Everywhere. You look now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere, a podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state, and she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I am Bruce Boi on my podcast table for two. We have Unforgettable Lunch after Unforgettable lunch with the best guest you could possibly ask for people like Matt Bower. Thank You for that introduction. I'm gonna slip you, slip you a couple twenties under the table for That. Dang Emma Roberts When it came into my email inbox, I was like, okay, I know I'm gonna love this so much that I don't even wanna read it because if I can't be in it, I'm gonna be bummed. And Colin Jost You know Your Wife was the first guest on. That's right. Table for Two. It's come full circle. As long as I do better than her, I'm happy. Table for two is a bit different from other interview shows. We sit down at a great restaurant for a meal, maybe a glass of rose. And the stories start flowing. Our second season is airing right now. So you can catch up on our conversations that are intimate, surprising, and often hilarious. Listen to Table for two with Bruce Bozzi on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast


And reopened by a certain time because they were worried about children's health. And it's like, you are mom, you got a Kid. You said something though. You said how Atlanta felt. Right. And that's true. People will forget what you said. They'll forget what you did, but they will never forget how you made them feel. Okay? And when them stimulus checks and them PPP loans was in the street, people was, oh, Atlanta Was going up. The man Was was they was in Florida. What talking about? And then Houston opened up and then Texas opened up those three cities. And by the way, Biden gave out a stimulus check too, but he didn't put his name on the check. So that was stupid. Man. The the can't even, he white boys was having a time in Atlanta that Marketing the way people felt and that marketing worked.


And that's what, that's what she's referencing when she says the money was flowing. I'm Only thinking about the class size zoo bottle, the the be people hitting the bells. That was such a big thing during the pandemic. Yeah. Is everything turned to alcohol with you? Yes. He's an alcoholic. I'm just thinking about all the, all the stuff that was happening in Atlanta during time. You drink. People lost lives though. So You know to be serious about it, but there was a lot of fun being, being alcoholic had down in Atlanta. Excuse me. You are an alcoholic. I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah. Can't confirm or deny. All right, well that's just with the Mess with Lauren Osa. Now Donkey Today, we giving that donkey too, man. Four after the hour, man. We need this Wisconsin police officer who was working as a substitute teacher. We need him to come to the front of the congregation.


We need to put some holy hands on him this morning. Oh boy. All right, we'll get to that next, and then Marlon Williams will be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. I was born a donkey. It's the donkey of the devil For the donkey of day. That's pretty funny. Charlemagne the devil, possibly The Breakfast. Club. Yes. Donkey. Today for Monday, October 21st goes to an off-duty Wisconsin police officer working as a substitute teacher named Steve Williams this Monday. Man. So I don't got time for the foolishness. Let's just get right to it. Steve is under investigation after he was accused of reenacting the murder of George Floyd in the classroom.


Not just reenacting the murder of George Floyd, but making racially harmful comments and twisting a student's arm behind the child's back during classes at a high school in Woodbury, Minnesota. Let's go to CBS News, Minnesota for the report Police. The images are hard to see a reenactment of the police actions that resulted in the murder of George Floyd. We do know the substitute teacher in question. Steven Williams is no longer employed by the staffing agency. Williams is a police officer in Prescott, Wisconsin. The police chief there says he is on administrative leave pending the results of an investigation into the matter. It Was egregious. It was insensitive, and it was racist. Racial justice advocates say more needs to be done. He Needs to be banned.


I also believe he needs to be fired. Who wants that kind of person coming to your door if you have to make a nine one one call Who harbors a lot of racial animus? Who claims police brutality doesn't exist? And who was willing to demonstrate a very deadly police technique on a young black boy? Woodbury High School issued a statement to parents about what they described as a racially harmful situation that affected the school community. It listed comments and actions students described, including claims that he can get away with murder and that police brutality is not real. Now I'm not about to sit here and discuss with you why this was wrong.


I would rather talk to you about beating people up. Okay. See Steve Williams, you need your ass beat. All right? And furthermore, if I have to explain to you why he needs his ass beaten, and guess what, you need your ass beat too. Imagine your child comes home and tells you that a teacher substitute otherwise put a student on the ground in front of the class as part of a reenactment of the police actions that resulted in the murder of George Floyd. George Floyd, the brother who died in 2020 after a white mini Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin knelt on his neck for nine and a half minutes as, as George pleaded for help and said he could not breathe. Can you imagine your child telling you, not only did the teacher lay you on the ground to reenact George Floyd, but the teacher twisted your arm and was spewing racially harmful comets.


That's when I started doing jail math. Okay. See, jail math is when you start calculating if you can afford to go to jail, you start doing the math in your head. Okay, Steve gonna catch these hands. But I'm gonna catch this charge. I'm gonna need money for bail. I'm gonna need money for a lawyer. But it's okay because my God is an awesome God. And God will provide a way because today I have to do the devil dirty because of what Satan did to my seed, my child, my heart outside my body. Can you imagine as a father, I can feel the pain this family is feeling for their child today, child today. Now the school said what he did was reprehensible. He's on administrative leave. They said he was removed from the classroom and barred from stepping foot on any district property. But see what folks don't understand about situations like that is the trauma that child will feel, the trauma that child's parents will feel that's gonna last a lifetime.


Okay? It takes a lot of work to regulate your body after experiencing certain traumas in a trauma like that. Who gonna pay for my therapy and counseling? What if I want to do movement based practices like yoga, dancing, exercise? Who's gonna pay for that? That's why I just got a box. Okay. I gotta beat you up. All right. By the way, I'm not encouraging violence. I'm encouraging defending my child from some bum ass substitute teacher. Okay? We just got a box. I saw Remy Ma say something a couple of days ago. And I agree with it. Not even, don't like talking about fighting. Sometimes people be needing hands put on them. The That's it Like, like that. Is it Because when you do something like this to someone's child, you are showing a total disregard for that child's family.


You think that child's family is OVO. The other vaginal option, you just assuming this child comes from a long line of sweets. Okay? That's the only conclusion I can come to. How can you do something like this to a child? Okay. And not think there's at least one man, at least one man in this young man's life that loves them and is willing to crash out behind them. Steve, you got to show me, okay? When you disrespect my child, you disrespecting me when you do that to my child. You have done that to me. Now I need my child to stay in a child's place. And. I need to see if Steve really crashed something. Okay? You gotta show me that you could do that to a grown ass man. Please let Remy ma give Steve Williams the biggest Heehaw, Heehaw Heehaw.


You stupid mother. Are you dumb? I'm not about to go back and forth with you on why this reenactment was wrong. Mm, I'd rather fight. Alright, let's just fight. I agree. Nothing else to talk about. What we talking about You? You said you could fight, right? Who? You. Didn't you tell me that you got hands? No. Nope. I'm just saying because you definitely should fight. You can't go there and lose. Nope. I'll figure out a way to win though. Can't Go there and lose that is that is like a, I don't know, against a civil rights act or something. I'll figure out a way to win. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. Now you mentioned Remy Ma salute to Remy Ma. I seen her at the game this weekend dropping a clue. Bombs from Remy Ma. I see Remy in a minute. We were talking and she heard us on the radio talking about the time you brought her to South Carolina.


That's And. I said Yeah, Charlemagne said he had you on the back blocks. She said Envy, there was no blocks. I didn't say that. She said you was a dirt road with Forest. Yes, I believe it. She said, I thought she said, I ain't gonna lie. Never said no back blocks. I Why don't I say back blocks. That's in the back woods. That's where we from is like back blocks. But where he's from is like back, back woods. She said it Was dirt road. She said, I thought Charlamagne was trying to off me. She said it was so so she said it was so dark and it was no streets. It was just dirt. It was just forest the dirt. She said, I thought Shalam was trying to off me. It was probably like oh 7, 0 6, 0 7 when Remy went in. I don't remember. Yeah, it was like oh 6, 0 7 maybe. Maybe early oh eight. Yeah. Had her in Summerton, South Carolina. There was a club out there called Club New Vibe.


Dropping a clues. Bombs with club, new vibe. Swan and Cheese used to own club. New vibe back in the day. Yes. Yeah. All right, well salute to Remy Ma. Let Remy Ma be great. She got a new project coming out shortly too. She says she's gonna come up paint in a little bit, but let her be great. Leave her alone. She's in him mouth. The Stewart world right now. She's cooking, she's being she. But ain't nothing, nothing wrong with what she said at what she said. Again, not at, ain't this is a great advice. I don't think so. Not even like talking about fighting. Sometimes people be needing hands foot on Them. That's right. Every now and then. Every now and then. That's all I'm saying. Oh boy. Good morning, Remy. Alright. Very sound device. M. Good morning. Very sound device. On a Monday morning. Ah, good morning Rem. All right, now when we come back, comedian Marlin.


Waynes actor Marlin Wayne, director Marlin Wayne will be joining us. He's on tour right now. The Wild Child Comedy Tour. We gonna kick it with him when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is still on maternity leave. Lone Lar Rosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. I didn't even know it was him. I seen him in the hall. I stood And. I was like, what? Me too. I was looking like, what rapper is that? Like what? What New York rapper is that? The funny thing is we said, Marlon look like a rapper. Don't, no rappers love to stage like Marlon. This stage, he stay working stage. He never wanna be home. He on the watch all comedy tour right now.


He hate his house. No You know what I do. Kind of hate my house. But the thing is, I just love working. I've always loved working. And finally I got something I love to do and I'm getting better. And, I. Just go. The more time I stay on the stage, And I think because I started late. It's not like I'm tired of it yet. Right? So most, most of the time I'm like dyslexic with life in, in my career. Like, Mo, you supposed to start out doing standup. I started out writing and producing and creating, creating my TV show when I Wayne's brothers, And I was like 20 You know writing and producing my own movies from with my brothers from Don't Be a Menace to Scary Movie, You know, doing my own stuff, haunted of house. And then at 39 I was like, yeah, I think I'm gonna take standup serious and I'm gonna go do standup. And everybody's like, why the fuck would you do that now?


You already made it. And I was like, 'cause I think there's, there's more to get. I think I, I could be better. I've been a star for 20 something years. I wanna be a, I wanna be a superstar. And the only way to get there is just doing the work. So I just started doing standup. And you, you had your four, I remember one time you came here, you said you had four specials playing. It was gonna be God Loves Me. Good grief. Now you're doing The Wild Child to says Wild Child The Third and Stomach. No, 'cause I'd been, my first two already was, it was, the first one was Wokes, second one was You. Know what it is. It's on HBO Max. Third one was God Loves Me the fourth one. Good grief. Between that I had the headliners, which was me and my, my my boys. Sidney Castillo, Tony Baker, DC Irvin, shout out to all my people, Issa Issa McGraw.


And then now I'm working on the Wild Child Tour. But I probably named this one Skittles. And I'm, I'm ready to film this. Like now. The more I keep doing it now I got like two hours and that's really hard to cut down to an hour. So I wanna hurry up and do it so I could, I know my next three. So for me, I'm, I'm, I want to get this done and retire it so I could You know, clear the canvas and paint something new. So what is Skittles? Taste The Rainbow. You really about to just say you really, you here for last time? Here for last time. He was here last time. I wasn't here. He was here last time. Nah, it's, it's kind of owed to my, to my, my my trans child. Got you, got you got shut your ass right up, huh? No, that's what I mean, that's what I'm doing. I thought you gonna tell everybody, everybody was giving you flack because you posted all the pictures.


I tripled down. I don't, I don't, I don't believe in No, no, no. You, you wanna start this? We going, we gonna keep going. We gonna, we gonna keep on going? No, I'm gonna keep on going. We gonna keep on digging? No, you started it so You know, but it, it's a, it's not even about them. It's really about me and my transition as a human. I throw myself under the bus. 'cause I wasn't with, I wasn't like, yeah, this is great. When they first You know, decided to go down this, this, this road. I was against it. 'cause I'm like, yo, you're not looking at life. You know you, you're doing this now. And your youth, you may regret this when you like 45 and you have a kid and you ain't got no breastfeed. Jesus Christ. So You know as a parent, I was like, You know, protesting.


But at the same time I went through this journey from ignorance and defiance to complete acceptance. And I. Just think a lot of people need to hear the truth and hear a story. I tell funny truths, things that You know hurt me or things that You know. I, I, I'm, I'm imperfect and I'm not all the way You know there. I don't always have the right answers. But I, I think, think it's good to be human and be human on the stage. Because when you talk about truth now you're not just telling jokes. Now you're actually healing. There's people in the audience. I got people coming up to me after my shows crying, like, oh my god. Yeah. And they did it with good grief and they doing it now with the Wild Child tour. It's crazy. Right? Does your son get offended? Does your son said Dad enough now? Like you, this is, you've been on The Breakfast Club twice talking about it.


You've been talking like, enough is enough. Oh, they tired of my shit. But see you like your college pay for, so what I I gotta do is I I gotta talk about things. I'm sorry Baby You know dad, dad going to do what he do. Always wanted to know what, what with your son did you have to sit down and say, okay, well explain it to me, break it down. Because we come from a different place where jokes is jokes. Did you have to sit down and be like, explain what you want me to say. What you want me to call you, how you feel, this, that and the other? Did you have to go through that? Listen, it was so damn confusing because You know they started with pronouns and I'm like, look, I went to public school in New York City. I don't know about no pronouns. I know nouns and verbs. That's all they taught us You. know what I mean? So they broke it down in all this and it's just, it's too much. And then I got a change from calling them.


She to now he and they, and I'm like, they there's two of you. What's, what's I don't, I don't understand. Oh my God. I'm just, they are the most confusing one. I'm just so confused. But they took me through the tutorial and they know that sometimes I still, because You know for 23 years you were her. And now they, and they, and they give me Grace. You know. You know. But You know. They know, he knows you still love him. They know I love him. They, they, they, he, yeah. They know I love him. I I'll fight, I'll die for 'em no matter what. Don't matter. You know. That's my child You know what I mean? And And I think all parents should defend and pull up for their children. You know. That's my child. Ain't nothing. IIII want them to be happy. And if that makes them happy, I'm happy for him. When we saw you come to Bootsy's defense when he, the back and forth was happening online with his daughter.


Yeah. Have you guys spoken, like, do other parents call you because you're very open about your journey? No, I Get, get efficacy. People fried me up for coming to his defense. But they did for sure. But I wasn't coming to his defense. I'm telling people, Hey man, y'all mind your business and let families work out. They that's private between him and his daughter and they don't need your fuel and they don't need my fuel. But I'm telling you, when you are ironing out your personal problems, that's between him and his daughter. And everybody got something to say. That's what I don't like about social media. That man is dealing with his child and they need to express themselves and hold space. We live in a, a society where we are unforgiving and all we do is add fuel to fires and watch it burn and applaud.


And I'm, I'm just like, yo, let them let that man hold space. It takes him time. When it first happened to me, it took me time. You can't expect somebody to instantly be, be like, I accept everything. It takes time. And God has his way of talking to each and every one of us. We all going to have our sit down with God. I had mine You know, and he will have his And I hold space that that man changes his point of view and that him and his child come together and love each other. Like any black father and black daughter or white or daughter, father. Period. That's what I want. I agree with that, but I agree with that. But the, the the, you and your child didn't work it out through social media.


No, we didn't. Like boozy was in interviews talking then listen. Yeah, because my child didn't unfollow me. Then his child replied to interview. He did. Yeah. That's the problem I be having. Like, don't tell your personal business in these interviews. If you don't want The World to have an opinion about it. Yes, but You know and that's to their fault. But they figured it out. And You know as they should. But I just hold space and hold space for prayer and hold space within myself that people can grow up. That people can change. Every person should have the opportunity to change. Even brothers that are in prison, there's a reason why, right? There's prison. It is time for you to sit and time out and have conversations with God and reform. But when they come out, we should applaud them for the time they did.


They did the time. Now let's hold space that they're better people all. We got more with Marlin Waynes when we come back. He's on the Wild Child comedy tours. The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now we're still kicking with Marlin Wayne. Now let me ask you a question. Oh, Adam got myself in trouble again. You said prison. I'm, I'm just curious, how many times have people asked you, have you ever been to a Diddy party? They pulled up that tweet. What the fuck they gotta do with prison? How you did prison made me think about it. I seen the baby oil behind you. Just made me think about it. Oh, that's crazy. You do have a baby oil. Alright, so here's the thing. I've been to 10 15, I know Puff since he was puff.


I knew we went to college together. So I went to Howard. I always, always wanted to go to Diddy parties. He's at the hottest parties in DC right? I was too young to get into those. But when I got to LA and throughout the years, the nineties, come on, man. My biggie, And I. I've been around a long time. And I will say this. I've never, I've been to maybe 10 15 some of this house I've never seen. I have never, you put a detector test on me when they're like, oh, well this video's great. Show me you going to see me sipping ci rock and maybe pushing the deli on to the side because that's too strong but ain't nasty. A little shook. You gotta put a little, you gotta put a little Ciroc in your deli on.


And, but You know, I I've never seen any of the stuff that they say happened. I never been to a freak off. That's just not, and that's just not my vibes. That's not Wayne's vibes. I beyond that, I gotta honor. I go to a party, whatever. But I always got my mother, my father, and God. And you can be around things and then go, yeah, this, this, this ain't for me. Right? That's just never been my vibe. I don't get off. I don't even like watching porn with BBC. No. I want mine to be the only BBC in the room. When you hear these stories though, like and You know they be tragic stories. You hope that none of this, you, you hope it's not true. But you gotta listen to the You know the alleged victims. Yes. Did you have jokes immediately? Like when you read some of this stuff?


A billion of them. Oh my God. I, I, I had puff up. I said, man, I got some jokes for you. I'm not sure you want hear 'em right now. Did he respond? Oh, listen, I hear him. I I've known these guys my whole life. I I've been grown up in Hollywood. When it happened to Russell Simmons, I hit Russell Simmons up And I said, Hey, having a terrible week. So yeah, I hit them up on their worst day You know And I. I hold prayer because I know the kids And. I'm just like And. I'm not excusing any of those actions. I saw the Cassie tape that hurt my feeling. And I. It hurt my feelings to see a black man do that to any woman or any man do that to woman. I wasn't raised like that. Right? But as, as much as I see that video, And I heard for her You know there's a a part of me that hurts with that little boy in there that was taught that kind of toxic behavior.


And I pray that he hurt, he heals. I pray that he like he's sitting with God right now. I don't need to throw that man under, under a bus. God is talking to Puff right now. And that's between God and Him and whatever happens, happens. And that's between him and God. But I'm gonna pray for those kids. I'm gonna pray for the family. I'm not gonna act like it. Stuff didn't happen. And, I ain't gonna act like I ain't got no jokes. I got some wonderful jokes that I got in my show. You got a baby when you went to today? Oh, everybody got a baby old joke. You got a thousand bottles of baby bottle. But everybody got jokes and he know what it is. I felt too seen dragged.


I'm nk.


And this is Basket Case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a cha for the mentally ill girlies on Basket Case. I talked to people about what happens from what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because if you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But if you struggle to cope, the society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And it will call you a Basket Case. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent I'm coming offers because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on That in-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In 1982, Atari players had one thing on their minds Sword quest. This wasn't just a new game. Atari promised 150 grand in prizes to four finalists, but the prizes disappeared. And what started as a video game promotion became one of the most controversial moments in eighties. Pop culture, And I, just don't believe they exist. That would be my reaction. Shock and awe. That sword was amazing. It was so beautiful. I'm Jamie Loftus Join me this spring for The Legend of Sword Quest. A podcast about the fall of Atari and the disappearing sword Quest prizes. We'll follow the quest for lost treasure across four decades. It's almost like a metaphor for the industry and Atari itself in a Way. Listen to The Legend of Sword Quest on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are Crooks Everywhere. You look now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere, a podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Bruce Boi on my podcast. Table for two. We have Unforgettable Lunch after Unforgettable Lunch with the best guest you could possibly ask for. People like David Duchovny You know New Yorkers have a reputation of being very tough and, but it's not, it's not that way at all. They're very accepting. Jeff Goldblum. Are you saying secret fries? Secret fries? What? That's what you're saying? Yeah. And Kristen Wig. I've just became so aware that I'm such a loud chewer. My husband's just like, sometimes I'll be eating and he'll just be looking at me. I'm Like, I am just eating like I don't know how else to chew. Table for Two is a bit different from other interview shows. We sit down at a great restaurant for a meal and the stories start flowing. Our second season is airing right now. So you can catch up on our conversations that are intimate, surprising, and often hilarious. Listen to Table for Two with Bruce Bozzie on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Listen, the kids know what it is, but You know I don't wanna kick command when he down And I. Think like I said, man, I I I know that family. And I. I I pray, I pray for him. All You know. You know also too, man, that the thing I love about comedians, comedians say things and have conversations that everybody do be thinking. Yeah, we have to have comedians in The World, sir. Like, like God created y'all for a special reason. Yeah. Like the same way there's doctors and You know lawyers like you need comedians in The World. And you need You know you need journalists. You need people that You know sit there and ask the hard questions. I seen you had that lady sweating the Trump lady. She was Oh, Laura Trump. Laura Trump. Yeah. She was sweating up a storm, started looking just like her father-in-Law. I said this, this, this crazy. You made the white lady nervous.


So let me, let me ask a question. So you can't go over there and get no love for mom. She was like, anyway. Oh, she was about to roast Lauren every time she said period. She was On there. So Damon's coming out with Papa's house. Papa's House. That's what him and him and Lil Damon and that CBS. Make sure y'all check it out. I've been down to the set. It's a really funny show and You know Damon don't miss, and him and his son Lil Damon's brilliant. And right now there's like 62 Waynes is working over there. So You know the whole set is is all weighing and does he, did y'all seem like a textile? Like, hey man, new show who wanna help? Like, like how does that like a family group check organically happens. Not busy. Like my sister Kim is one of his show runners on the show. So she's writing on the show.


We like to have family now. Wow. Because my family like, see that's why that magic joke happened. 'cause I had nobody around with. So he like no say no. Oh. Oh. Damon would be like, mm. Keep that one. I got a little something more you can add to it. You realize that's one of the funniest Breakfast Club interviews. I don't even like to talk about it. Who, when Damon Wayne was up here, I think that's the one that made him stop doing standup because that's why Damon had do standup dam don't do standup because he feel like The World became so judgmental. Yeah, And I think he's right, but he's not. What I found is The World is judgmental on social media when I go to comedy shows.


That's right. People want to laugh, bro. I agree. The audience wants to laugh. The the social media got the, the studios fucked up. They're not making sc comedies 'cause they're scared to make comedies. They don't think people wanna laugh. And I'm like, you are so wrong. And that's why I'm we coming back wearing the four five. We about Don Hall and them that people need to laugh. And I. I know my purpose You know. I I look at how depressed The World feels. And we need to laugh again. Like I don't care where it comes from, how it comes. You take the darkest subject, the darkest topic, and you go, here's what's funny. That is what my job is You know what I mean? You can't criticize a fireman for not putting out part of a fire. That's right. He goes into burning buildings to, to find bodies.


I go into burning buildings to find jokes and that's what I do for a living. And I'm never gonna not tell jokes. Period. And if you get canceled, good You know what canceled means. That means that the the real s is staying and them s went home. Yeah. Everybody don't got the backing that y'all, some communities are scared because they can't just walk away from stuff. Or they're scared that brands walk away from them. They don't got no money, they don't have no ability. Like you guys have a, it is different for the Wayne. They Got the stage though. You got the stage Because we have a brand, right? Our brand has stood the test of times we started in the eighties. Right. Damn. This is generational. And now probably 40, 40 years. That's beautiful.


Between me, Damon, Sean, Keenan, Kim. That's 230 years of comedy between each one of us. Like we are masters at joke telling people trust our brand with finding the light. When we did in Living Color You know Damon doing and, and, and, and David and David doing Men on Film. That's the first time gay people were introduced into your living room and people felt like, oh this is safe. Even gay people loved men on film. Because the way we do things is we try to do it with kids gloves. We want the people that we making fun of to be like, oh that was funny. That's why you can't cancel us for white chicks. You know Love White Chicks. The most white chicks.


So the people that we send up usually laughed the loudest. And I'm sure people need to laugh. So that way's brand we coming back With the comedy tour Ab No My bad didn't say the Comedy tour, but I'm on the comedy tour. The Wild Child Watch. The Point is The name of the tourist. Everything was got Huh? The Wayans brother. Comedy Tours. Everything was got That was tricky. That was all. You almost got me. You almost got me on that one. But before we drop drop, I got your number. Absolutely. I'm gonna call you And. I'm, I tell you And I got your number. You got my number. But we appreciate you for joining us. Oh, you asked me all these hot questions. Now I gonna get a collect call from Diddy from jail. I'm magic gonna kiss me in the lips.


This guy stupid. I appreciate y'all his Wayne The Breakfast Club. You're not allowed to say this. You can't sing this song because we don't even know if you can say the N word no more. You White Dominican. Oh, I'm not white. White Dominican. And I'm not Dominican. Do you Jerry, you're in Bear. I'm Black Rashan. Well stop accepting them gigs from those Dominican people in other awards. Did you ever win? Weren't you nominated for some Dominican award? I was. But who that award know? Did you, you didn't win. I don't know. I didn't go guy. I don't even know if they I know I Don know he tried to do the acting. I don't I this guy crazy. I was dominated for an award. I don't know. I don't, I don't know. Why are you saying you don't know like that? Because I don't know. Could be Dominican. Say it one more time. This guy. I don't know. I don't know.


I don't know. I don't know What a crazy human. Oh I hate this place. Alright, well let's get to Jessica. Mess with Laura La Rosa. What you music is real. Whether just Robin Moore just don't do no lying Don she don't spare nobody worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren Osa back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So we wanted to take some time right now to send a huge congratulations to John Quell Jones who won the Wwn NBA's MVP last night. She averaged 17.8 points with 7.6 rebounds while shooting 56% from the field during the 2024 finals.


And I know we earlier we talked about all the back and forth about that call. And Charla thought he was doing his big one. What you behind the scenes? You was trying to call me out for what you said that I didn't give sis her love. So I'm making sure I give her love to her. I didn't say that you did. So, oh, now You know what you said. That's what you said. She's keeping you up because you was talking about Oh no, no, no, no, no. You was talking about all those white women. No, no. Who didn't have good games last night. And if it wasn't for that sister that the Liberty wouldn't have won at all. Okay. Because Stewart and salute the Sabrina. But they did not show up last night. Didn't but that woman did. jj Yes. Jocko Jones. She her last night. And everywhere you the MVP She was, whether it's Bleacher Report, well or espn they are, they are making it known that without her the game wouldn't even have been won.


Nowhere wouldn't, they Wouldn't even been close. Nowhere near We audio from her. Let's say you didn't see her Initially. That's why I brought it up behind the scenes. Wait, can we hear her? You don't want The World to hear the black woman. Huh? Go ahead Ray. I could never dream of this. I mean y'all, y'all know my story. Y'all know many times I've, I've been denied it. But it was delayed. That's all it was. And I'm so happy to do it here. Just in case you don't know her story. You left home at 13 years old, you left The Bahamas to come and live with strangers so you could chase your basketball dream. What do you have to say to your friends and family and everyone who's sacrificed for you so much along the way to have this moment That, that I'm here because of them. That all the sacrifices that they made have allowed me to be the person that I am today.


Coach Rich is here today. My mom is here today. You know my fiance is here today. But, but God is good. And none of this happens without my teammates and without the people that have poured into me. And without these amazing fans, You know her, clapping with the crowd. Go Charlotte. Nah, I Was happy for her 'cause she was bawling out last night. Like she, she was literally the only reason that they won that game. Love that for her. And So for her to win the MVP, that was big. Yes. Congratulations. Yeah. Congratulations Now. Dope, dope, dope, dope, dope. She looked to the whole liberty as Well. Something that will not need applause. There are new Diddy filings. So Tony Busby, who promised us what he said, over 120 lawsuits. Yep. Just drop some new lawsuits this week. Actually last night, Sunday night he filed seven new lawsuits.


I I have to Ask, how do you file on a Sunday when the courts are closed? I don't know. I guess you put it in on a Sunday when the court, I don't, I don't, I don't know What, what does it say that those new seven? I didn't even know about it. I didn't see him in the news. Was it 'cause of the football? 'cause the basketball was on. Why there was a lot Going on over the weekend. But I also just think too that now they're coming so often that it's not Oh my God. Breaking news anymore. It's just news now. Because Diddy is who Diddy is. So all of These everybody asked you last week. I said is there exhaustion? Yeah. Yes. So all of these lawsuits, I will not go through all seven. I'm gonna just summarize a bit. All of these lawsuits, all there are different allegations of rape, sexual assault, sexual harassment, battery, false imprisonment by Diddy between allegedly between 2000 and 2022 and New York, Los Angeles, and Las Vegas.


Now all of these alleged victims, or all of these alleged incidents occurred at parties that were allegedly hosted by Diddy. So some things to point out that are different in these new filings than the other ones that we've seen. There are a lot more people that are alleging, that just happened to them under age two people out of the lawsuits say one, one of them says that they were, says that they were 13 years old. The other one says that they were 17. The total of seven lawsuits is broken down into three women who filed for men. They filed as Jane and John Doe. It's also worth noting that these lawsuits are more recent. So before when we've been having conversations outside of Cassie's situation, a lot of the lawsuits have been from like You know in the nineties or 98 or whatever.


These ones are all happening between 2000 and 2022 Now in the last 22 years. Yeah. So specifically like there's one Jane Doe who says that when she was 13, she went to a after party for the VMAs and she was given something to drink and You know at 13? Yeah, she said she was 13. Wow. She was given something to drink. She became disoriented and then she was then raped, allegedly by Diddy and a bunch of different other people. Another thing though to mention about these new lawsuits too is that this is the first time in any of the filings that celebrities are actually named. However, no celebrities are identified. Like they're saying that other celebrities were involved. Oh, just saying. But they don't say the actual names of who the celebrities are.


And none of these other celebrities have been listed as defendants. Mm. So yeah. And Diddy's team is still denying this. They actually just reissued the same statement they issued to Tony Busby's filings the first time saying that this is all just for publicity. And that You know they'll see their day in court when it comes to this. Wow. Now in wrapping up this hour, Trina, you guys remember we talked about Trina? She's been sitting down having conversations with people as she promotes tri her tri books, her book The Baddest. Now she sat down with Keisha Kor and for Keisha Kor's show. And they talked about her marriage a bit. And Trina revealed some news that has the internet streets buzzing. Let's take a listen. Did you get a prenup? I didn't. Why not? 'cause my husband brings all of his money to me.


So I'm in charge. He can't spend a dime without my consent. Can't spend a dime for nothing unless it goes through me. That's what I'm talking about. Ringing up that thing go up. I see everything. That's What I'm talking about. Yo, why mad? Why are people mad that Trina said she didn't get a prenup? If, if that's how her household, if her household would've set up that way and she good with that You. know what I mean? Why, why would that upset somebody? People Not really mad. People just need something to talk about on social media. Like that's what it is. They can't possibly care what goes on in the in in their household financially. You better worry about your household. Yeah. And making sure that your lights stay on. I don't understand why people were so upset. I mean, my mother and dad did the same thing. My dad worked. He gave his check to my, my mom's.


Well, we're talking to Dr. Alfie. I said the same. My grandmother literally would tell me all the time, the men, men bring the check home. Like that's how they You. know what I mean? That's how they, My wife's parents did the same thing. I do the same thing And, and yes, I don't buy anything without speaking to my wife. My wife doesn't buy anything without speaking to me. And by the way, when we say upset, right? And, I didn't even know they were upset till you said it just now. So is this, it just means that what what she said sparked conversation. Oh, It did it. Yes. Okay. So, and the conversation was people felt like number one, she shouldn't have said that because it embarrasses her. Man. It, it, it, what did they say? Emac, why Emasculates Emasculates, whatever that wording is. Her man. It's basically he's not a man. If you bring your check home and your wife is in charge of all your money and you can't do anything financially without her having to say so, and I'm like, I don't know, asses up.


I Don know no married that people shut up. And by the way, you ain't even, it's not even about being broke, right? It's just that what if, what if the woman's just better at finances? What if the woman's just better at organizing the money? What if the woman's just better at paying the bills? What if the woman's just better at You know using the money for the groceries and everything else. Like what are you talking about? Shut up. Like your unmarried asses. Stop. Don't unmarried heathens. Do y'all feel like do y'all, I think also too a part of the conversation was because we know Trina, but a lot of people are getting to know him through Marriage. You don't know Trina. Well I'm saying Trina is a celebrity, right? Yes. But we don't know her husband. We're getting to know him now because it's Trina's husband. So people feel like she should have gotten a prenup to protect herself. Well we don't know Trina. We know Trina the rapper. We don't know her personal life. What she goes to how she Is.


I just, my question was gonna be to the room. What if he Rich? I was about to say, do y'all, you don't know that man. Do y'all feel like just because Trina is a celebrity, she would, even if he is rich, she should have gotten a prenup. He might be richer. I think that that's a personal decision. What they mad about again? Now explain this to me. Now y'all can y'all, y'all negros be confusing Me. Oh yeah. I gotta bring back the, raise your hand and help UNC out because sometimes I be needing help. UNCs, what exactly Are they mad about? Again, Don because her man bring her money. The full check home. Nothing wrong with that. Can't do nothing without Trina Green lighting it financially ain wrong with that. And she shouldn't have told The World. That is what the people was saying. And she's rich. So she need to have a prenup. And we don't know what her man makes. I don't, I don't have a problem with either of that. I don't have a problem with none of that. That man might have a car fetish. That man might have a sneaker fet. That man might be blowing money on stupid stuff and he needs somebody to say no.


Pump your brakes before I go buy jeans, I call my wife. What? Okay. It is What it is. Why you wanna know if they look cute or you just Both? I'm telling how I'm spending money. And I wanna know how they look. But that's Gay. Babe. Is, is this stone washed good on me babe? Is it? What ways Quit do be giving little Do we be giving like you wanna hug Envy? Want hug? Rock me. Want hug? You rock me babe. Can I buy these jeans? What? Said what? I'll hug you like Antonio just hugs trump now com. You keep them jeans on and you hugging. That's all I, You just gonna prove you proving my point Now Envy is walking. I Just called your game now you my point. Watch this Now. Envy's walking over to Uncle Charlie and hugging from the back. He just proved my point.


Gia, he in here hugging with them Jeans on. Next thing You know, He'll them new jeans. Next thing You know, he'll be talking about auto Palmer's penis. Give him a moment. Give him a minute. That is just what the best with Lauren Osa. People's choice mixes. Up next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, you are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. So Luke tomorrow Williams for Jordan US this morning. Make sure you check 'em on tour. The Wild Child Comedy Tour. Always a pleasure when the Good Brother Marlon Williams pulls up man. And I. Also Laura Trump stopped through this morning. Laura Trump was here. Donald Trump's daughter-in-Law, correct? Yes. I mean You know they on the campaign as well. She's the co-chair of the Republican National Committee.


That's right. And so You know they on the campaign trail You know trying to get us to do things that we not doing like voting for Trump. And Trump needs to stop using us in those, those anti-trans ass. He didn't get permission to do that. Yeah, no, he didn't definitely get no clearance. But we already sent the cease and desist. But since when does Donald Trump care about the law? Yeah, And I. And I. I swear them commercials. I'm seeing him more and more and more and more and more and more and more. $65 million he spent Jesus on, on those anti-trans ads from what I was told. Yeah. Well, well if you wanna see that full interview, you can check out The Breakfast Club YouTube page. I wonder why they keep calling 'em anti-Trans adsd though. He got a bunch of them. It just seemed like, it's actually seem like they're anti Kamala ads for sure.


Yep. And it's, it's really about where taxpayer dollars are going to more than being against trans. Correct. But either way he's using us without our permission. That's right. Well when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club Law Osa filling in for Jess salutes everybody that was at G Ho Aggie bro. And shout out to Kwa Heath and Marcus Johnson for bringing us down there. That was my first G Ho. I had a great time. I'm coming back again. North Carolina. Auntie T is my new home. That who Wore you out? Did it. They said you missed the whole night baby And. I don't. I don't back down from a fight. And that was you Tapped out.


Oh what gracefully? Yeah. Let me tell you, Lauren is my sister until a stunt. Come on. On that motherfucker effing stage. Yes. I forgot it wasn't Lauren is my sister to Say get her. I said that's like fighting four grown men. I minding my Business. There was a a woman, can I say Stu? She was a stat. You already said it all. She came on stage and shout out to all the Stu You know I love Stud. Yeah, she wanted the mic. Right. So I said, Lauren protect me. Right. Lauren damn near ran. I said Nope, you shout Do what I was supposed to do. What'd you do? I gave her the mic and let her say whatever she wanted to say on the Stage. Then they gonna say, Lauren, go get the mic back. I'm like, nah, I gotta go get the mic. What You should said was, I'll give you my, I'll give you my mic if you gimme yours. And she have pulled that goddamn scrap on Scrap.


No she she definitely pulled that. I mean she had some Stu. Oh come On man. Stunts keep the scrap on her. She got it lit though. She was like, when I say Aggie you say Pride They went Off. Yeah, they went on. Okay. But she came and took that mic like three times. Like gimme that mic. Here you go. Envy. She shook the guy. Why you Didn't get her name? What? Why you ain't get her name? There was no Time. I think You were saying how she came on stage. I don't even know goddamn damn toxic studs. That's what I be talking about. Y'all touched so damn Stu. Y'all stud so damn toxic. Just climbing up on people's stage. Did you see the video that one left for you? I put in the group chat. She was a stud. I don't know. No she wasn't no stud. I saw the video. You sure? I gotta look again? Yeah, I gotta look again. Alright, well again, salute to everybody in North Carolina.


North Carolina a t. We had a great time with G Ho man. Thank you. Such a yes. Such an amazing time. Sha man you got a positive note? I do. I wanna tell everybody, salute everybody who I saw at ComicCon this weekend. We had a great panel at ComicCon moderated by my guy Rob Markman. My man Axel Alonzo was on the panel. My man Dennis Cohen. And make sure if you have not gotten an opportunity yet, go get our new graphic novel Black Illuminati. Okay, black Illuminati. You can go to Kickstarter right now and and order a copy. All you gotta do is type in my name Charlamagne or type in Ill Illuminati. I-L-L-U-M-I-N-A-T-I. You have one more day. One more day to order.


Okay. So thank you to everybody. I saw a Comic-Con and the positive note is simply this. Always say my peace is more important when you find yourself reacting to something that doesn't even deserve your energy. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Hey Friends. Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And As all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It, What It Is on the IHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdogs? Hi, I am Eva Andor. Hi. I am my tego Mr. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back and this season we're taking an England bigger bite out of the most delicious food and its history, saying That the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to we're talking and all things trending in my ura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and wildlife stories, combos on the issues that matter to us. And it's all packed with Gems Sponge, straight up Ria. And that's a song that only can sprinkle. Listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm nk and this is Basket Case. What Is Wrong With Me? A show about the ways that mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different Meds, but by culture and society. By looking closely at the conditions that cause mental distress, I find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane, what we can do about it and why we should care. Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.