
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features at And t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table.


At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Kfc, chicken and waffles, fresh, juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup. Try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking. Good.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Yo yo. Yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne Neal. Peace to the planet is Thursday. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Dressed just drunk ass. Good morning. You drunk? Just you was out and about. Yeah. Boy. What's up? Yeah, Boy. What's up camera all in your face. Where'd you go? Yesterday? Yo, look. Right. So I went to this dinner, right With y Y'all gotta turn the music down. It's hella loud. First Of all, get the camera out your nose. That camera all in your nose.


Can't Yo. Thank you. So, so I had went to this dinner, right? It was real nice and it was like a lot of people there. And then I went to, oh Lord, magic City. You went to Magic City? Yes. Yo, I swear, yo, I met this stripper. Her name was Gi Ja Shorty Gi Ja Crazy. She Crying, natural, all that natural bady. Short Browns melanin. Like she had what? Crazy. That's why, that's why I love Magic City. Natural. No implants. Her ass was soft. She had the short head. Remember when Eve had to, I don't really know you when I hate you though. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Lo is blonde, the love Blonde? Yep, yep, Yep. Yeah. The blonde short cut Shorty was bouncing in the A person crazy.


Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Alright, so Aftermath Madison. So She's never seen us, Dan, do all this acrobatic stuff is the last thing she said. Go. I'm so sorry. And then after Magic City, yo, I went to Michael Bryan Cox Law. Brian Michael Cox. Brian. Michael Cox. RB Wednesdays. Yeah, I went to that. Yo. Yo. They plays Summer Rain for me. Yo, I grabbed the mic. Summer Rain. Yo. It was so lit. I seen little Scrappy in there, yo. I said he got a new girl too. He don't want nobody know You. Did you go telling him why you telling his business? Look, I'm in Atlanta. I don't care. Y'all know how to play his play. I seen Jermaine Dupree. He reached out and touched my shoulder And I was like, oh.


And I looked down to see if he had on the same socks from the Super Bowl. He didn't. He was, he was real flying there. What I don't like is the fact that you would, Louis v and Louis V let you stay out that late knowing you gotta be up early in the morning. No, this is great. Keep going. What else? Who's the else? Did You see? No, you don't have to dump her twice. This ain't great. It's crazy. Really dumped it once Yo Louisie Is in this bitch. Sleep. Stop Slu. I can't say the B word though. You Could. You only got, you. Only you could say it one, like one time. Oh, sorry. Slu. Emma. Emma Grady too. Emma Greedy. Yes. Rey. Yes. Yes it was. She had a lot of, a lot of people at her dinner. I, it was so many people. It was, Yeah. A lot of people. A lot of people. Yeah. A lot of people. A lot of people. A lot of people.


Lot of people. So Many people. Let's get the show cracking. Shamia Morton from the Real Housewives of Atlanta. She'll be joining us this Morning just in Atlanta. Oh, oh, oh. Listen, listen. All right. So speaking of Shamia Morton, yo, I was sitting next to Candy last night, but on the other side it was Marsa Martin. She was there. Marsa or Marsa? I, I always mess up my name. Yo. But her mother was there too. And it was pretty V. Yep. Be Simone. Yo, come on Charlotte. Who else was in there? Because I just, I Wasn't you, I Don Dunno, I just told Oh, you told me that be Simone pretty V. Yes, yes, yes. Emma Greedy was, it was her dinner. Me. Oh, Stacey Abrams. Stacey Abrams. She was in there. You said Brittany Grinder tried to hit on you? No, No. Brittany Grinder was there. No, no, no. Brittany Grinder wife was in there.


Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. You go. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So Brittany Grinder wife and she was saying how she don't wanna only be known as Brittany Grinder wife, but I forgot her name. So now I'm calling her Brittany Grinder wife. And she said that Brittany Grinder wife was mad at her because she thought that just be doing skits. But she don't realize Chris really looked like Brittany Grinder. Did she say that? For real? Wow. Well, When we come back, we got front page dues. Can we play a song for Jess? Yo, can we play a song for Jess? Turn up a little more. Jess, this is for you. You should have played Summer rain, crazy Play Summer Rain. Yo. I thought you was with Triple Played Played Summer Rain. You don't pay attention. Play Summer Rain. Call Thomas. Man. I, yo, I swear Ja. JA Ja. I love you. Shout out to Magic City. My girl Jizz a Ja be back JA Ja.


I threw $2,000 to that bitch. Yo. Like I said, she's in love with a stripper. Good morning. Jess as drunk. She's in the A's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Alright. What was her name again? Jess Ar. Her name is Jla. Ja. You saw my girl Lala in there, but Her name Janae. What? Lala's. A waitress. You saw Lala in there? Nah, but all the bitches was on me. Yo. Salute Lala. All right. If you just EU Loma too Loma that that runs the kitchen. Yes. Loma. Yes. You met Loma. No, but, oh, everybody was talking about her Outside. Yeah. Salute Loma Magic City. I love Magic City. Yo, when Jess get drunk, her voice get deep as hell. Period. When she get drunk every Day, Emini Here.


Don't Don't what you mean mean she get drunk. That's her all the time. No, it's not all the time. Yo. Yo, what's up Yo. Hey, yo. Check this out. Yo, check it right. You, you check. Come on News. All right. Last night is sports. The Timber Worlds beat. The Warriors 1 21, 1 10 Warriors are up out of there. Last night my Knicks did lose. We lost 1 27, 1 0 2. We still leave that series three too. So we'll close it out in New York tomorrow. Alright, Knicks. Gotta be careful Know. I know, I know. They gotta be careful because you know, the Celtics are, it's a dangerous team. When they back against the wall, they guy is out too. They got something to play For and they got a long bench pause. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. All right, let's get into it.


First on front page news, president Trump says he's thankful for Arab Nation's efforts to try and end the Israeli Gaza conflict. You know, he's in on his peace in the Middle East tour and he spoke in Saudi Arabia yesterday during a US summit with the Gulf Cooperation Council saying he's grateful for the release of the American hostage EDA and Alexander, who actually grew up not too far from you guys in New Jersey. Alexander is an Israeli American who was taken hostage by Hamas during its 2023 attack on Israel. Now, Trump also mentioned Iran or Iran saying he'd like to reach a deal. So let's take a listen to those comments. Ultimately, all hostages of all nationalities must be released as a stepping stone to peace.


And I think it's going to be happening. A lot of things are happening. A lot of very positive things are happening on every front. But for that to happen, it must stop sponsoring terror, halted bloody proxy wars and permanently and verifiably ceased its pursuit of nuclear weapons. They cannot have a nuclear weapon. Yeah. So Trump went on to, of course, he also met with the leader of Syria after announcing he was lifting sanctions on the country. Former US Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense. Jim Townsend says it's an encouraging development. Let's take a listen to his comments. It's amazing to have the, an American president speaking with his counterparts. We've gone so long with that troubled, troubled country being torn by Civil War.


A crazy dictator running it. The American president is there. He is lifted the sanctions, and we'll see if Syria's able to find its feet and really make something of itself. So the White House says Trump met with this Syrian leader, ah, Al Sharah in Riyadh, and was joined by Saudi Crown Prince Mohamed bin Salala with Turkey's president joining by phone. A White House statement says, Trump told Al Sharah that he has a tremendous opportunity to do something historic with his country. And Trump also announced that the US plans to lift sanctions on Syria, but will give them a chance at greatness. So he says, now President Trump's peace and prosperity tour in the Middle East does continue and made a stop and cutter the president made the stop and announced new deals between the country and Boeing.


Not gonna get into the audio, it's very short anyways. But basically he's congratulated Boeing, congratulated the country, and Boeing will be selling billions of dollars worth of planes to the country. Now Trump also said the Department of Defense will be selling the country, our top tier drones. And Trump continues to pledge his commitment for peace in the Middle East. He's headed to UAE today, United Arab Emirates, soon as he starts to run, run. And, and of course that will essentially wrap up his Middle East tour. And he, and in that visit, he's continuing to rally support in the region to force Iran to come to the bargaining table. So that's pretty much what's going on in your front page news in our international affairs.


When we come back to the home front, we're gonna talk about this Mara Largo or Qatar Largo plane that people are talking about. So, alright, we'll Get to the next seven. We'll get to that next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. Maybe your coworker just got to work and she's a little tipsy. She was out all night. Not grown with that. Long as you get to work, that's, that's what matters. I'm here. That's right. That's, that's The thing. I'm here, I'm in, I'm in Atlanta and you in Atlanta. Atlanta's a great market for us. Drop on a cool bombs for Atlanta, man. Listen to everybody who listens to us on 96.1 to beat in Atlanta. 96.1 to beat boy. That's right. That's right. I shout anybody in the a ah, man, I love it.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way you dress. Everything with me is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? This, this Du Sharp from Dayton, Ohio. What's up? No relation to Shannon. Okay. You know The Breakfast Club, man, y'all that, that thing for real. We appreciate you. Yes, Larry. Yes, yes, yes, yes. What's that? Yes.


What I was calling for was about Diddy and Casie. Cassie. Yep. Yeah. I Why was she there after hearing, you know what I'm saying? When she got 30 million? Well, Yesterday, you know what, Emini here. So she shoulda been there for Real. No, yesterday on the stand she said that she was there because she's just, she said, she said, I I'm ti she said she's tired and she hurt a lot of people. So she just wants to clear her conscience. You know, money, money, money. Don't money, money. Don't fix trauma, brother. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I, I get it. I get it. But I wouldn't even showed up for real. You know, they can't do nothing to her. Right. I don't know. I ain't gonna sit here and act like I'm some legal scholar. I don't know. Yeah, Yeah. Man, y'all doing what y'all doing.


Thank you, brother. But we should be glad she showed up. You know what Emini here, because now we know that allegedly Diddy likes to take other man's semen and rub it on his nipples. Yeah, shut up. But, but regardless, I think people want the truth. Yeah, that's crazy. And I think, I think at the end of the day, this case wants the truth. So if, if she was subpoenaed or she just showed up, I think people want the truth. You know what, Emini here And I think that's what it is. Yeah, yeah. That's what's up. Like I said, man, God bless y'all. Y'all keep doing what y'all doing. Thank you brother. Just much love, baby. Thank You, honey. Hello, who's this? Pepsi Joe. Good morning Breakfast Club Brother Pepsi. Joe, what's happening, yo? Yeah, I just want to say free Puff Daddy. I think the public image, he's going to be already be tarnished Emini here for, for life.


Let the man outta jail. Plain and simple. Isn't That free? I don I don't think that's how it works. No, it don't work. You gotta you gotta go through your due process. And then after all that presented, Emini here, I think he's on trial. He's weeks and weeks. Emini Here. Tory Lanes about, about due process right now. What about it? Tory went through due process. Emini Here. Yeah, he got railroaded too. And now everybody's saying Kelsey shot him Emini. Here, come on. What's going on here? Who, who is everybody? The internet. The internet. Yes. The internet. And, and his father, his father's pretty, pretty adamant on him on the matter. No Emini here. They got the, the Freedom Agency that that spoke. But the problem is, is he went through, like Charlemagne said, he went through the proceedings and, and from the proceedings and the facts and all that, that's what they found. Now this fact came out later on.


We don't even know if this is fact, a fact. We don't even know if it's true. If it's not true. Well, this statement came out after Emini here. Why did, why would an innocent person get immunity? Come on. I have no idea. But why would a person not if, if, if you saw somebody shoot somebody and you know you didn't do it, why wouldn't you tell, tell who actually shot 'em? Why be labeled like six nine? Who cares? Why be crucified in the public like that? Nah, six, nine got railroad too. Man. If two people look At 'em now, lemme tell you How much money that'd cost Them. If I saw two people, if I saw two people getting into it and one of 'em shot 'em, and then they tried to blame it on me, I, I wouldn't care who called me anything. Well, You know, you're, you, you're like, Charleston, whiteish, you know what Emini here, that's no, no. I'm, I'm a American and I'm a I'm idiot.


No, We all Americans, most of us are American. So, So you going, you going, you gonna go to jail for something you didn't do? Well, Well, Pepsi, Joe, everybody has different morals. You're an idiot in different situations because Charlemagne would decide to go a different route and Tori would decide to go a different route. Is it is two different men in two different situations. And also, But you can't be mad at Charlamagne saying, no, I'm not going to jail because No, no, No, I'm not, I'm not upset of man at all. I'm At all not, each man has different situations and, And I don't knock anybody for their situation on what they do. And question one other thing. I I don't, I listen, I don't, I don't know why Tori, if, if that is the case, let's just hypothetically say that is the case. I don't know why Tori decided he didn't want to talk against Kelsey. But lemme ask you this. Why would Meg not talk against Kelsey? What motive does she have not to say, Hey, Kelsey shot me.


That's a good question. I couldn't answer that. And, And that's exact. And guess what, in a courtroom that's, that's exactly why you wouldn't win a case. 'cause you couldn't answer that question. Yeah, I, I would, I would definitely need a little time. But thank you for the time. Good morning everybody. Happy Thursday. Alright. And I want everybody out there listening to my voice to know that if you are not a criminal and you see a crime committed and then somebody tries to put that crime on you, it is perfectly okay to say, Hey, I know who did it. It was not me. It was that individual. I I, I agree. You Out your damn mind. Agree wholeheartedly. But the bad thing about this industry and and, and our community is, is if somebody was to say that you a snitch, you a this, you that. No, I'm a law abiding citizen. That's right. I ain't, I don't do anything. I don't sell no crack.


I don sell no drugs. That's right. I don't push no weight. That's right. I got six kids and at the end of the day, if I ain't do it, you not gonna put nothing on me. And if I saw it, soon as the officer say, what did you see? Everything. Let's sit down. You gotta Gimme some tea. Please. How much Time do you have? How much time do You have? Okay, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed Time me get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this?


Hello? Hello. Peace and blessings. What's going on? They finally unblocked me. Y'all chat. Hey, what's up? Chat. Good morning. Good morning. Just hilarious. Good Morning. How You doing, Sean Stone? Sean, I need, I I need you to grow up, Sean, to stop following trends. What? Chat You ain't even on. You ain't even on stream and you yelling chat, chat ain't how that Works. Hey, I am on, I am on stream. You could check me out on Sean Stone tv. On YouTube and also I am on The Breakfast Club chat. Are you shout out to all my chat people on The Breakfast Club that be leaving their comment. Are you out chat? Are you streaming right now? No, SHA man, I'm not streaming right now. I'm actually at work in my truck, but later on I will be streaming And I we will be talking about to lane free Tory Lane.


Man, free day talk. They started Peterson. Man, the stallion. You lied big time. They almost killed Tory Lane in jail. Man. I'm happy. God bless that man. Man saved his life, man. For real. What y'all think, man? They lied, right? No, I don't, I don't, I I don't know. I'm, I'm just looking at the, I'm looking at the evidence in the case and, and you know, he, he got convicted by a jury of his No, no, no. Me, you don't hear the, the new details that come up. I did hear that about Tory Lynn. I I did hear that. Come on and listen, listen. That don't, that don't mean nothing because if that, that means a lot. No, it don't. 'cause if it was the case that should have been said in the court of law. Like I'm, I'm just, I'm I'm just being Emini Here. It means, means a lot. If, if it's true, it does mean a lot if it's true.


But like you said, it couldn't be in the court of law because allegedly this was after the situation and he was a driver or something to that. Well, just think About that. I think about the, You you want it to be said in court. Like you want the truth at the end of the day. That's what we want. Tell Minute. Yes Sir. Tell minute. Hold on. How many times I have heard people are prosecutors lie on black men. This is not a, a new thing. You know what? Emini here. So Tory Lane is not the only one that that person ever lied us. Can I ask? And I think this is a big lie, man. Well, Sean, Sean, Sean, Sean, man Sean, I wanna ask you two simple questions. I already know how you gonna answer the first one? And I, you dunno, I don't have a dog in this fight either. I'm, I'm just being objective here. My mind. Okay. Alright. Why wouldn't Tory Just say, Hey, Kelsey shot her.


He could have just said that And I, that's what I would've just said. Okay, well Why didn't, why didn't he Hold on. Hold I one hold on. I got one more question. I got more question. I got one more question. You already answered the first one. Love to cut me up, Huh? No, I got one more question. Sorry. One more question. Why? Why wouldn't Meg Just say, Hey, Kelsey shot me Because Meg is lying bro. That's why I don't know why she, you know what Emini here come up with a fuck narrative. I don't know who put body in her, but I don't know none of this, but I know that man. So nobody want to tell Kel who is Kelsey for? Nobody want to tell him. I don't know why they don't want to tell the truth. Brother, you know what? Emini here, but Char did. You know I started a I Hey man, hang up on yeah.


Respect de no because man, you just wanna do it. I'm out here feeling you just a follower. I gotta GoFundMe. I give Blood bro. I'm out here. Listen, when up here talking about GoFund for his stupid ass engineer. Y'all listen. You right y'all Sean, come on bro. Sean, you right Sean. But IIII gotta Get to my go Hold. I'm gonna give you a tip. Hold on Sean, man, lemme finish. No, I wanna give you a tip. Sean, Listen, listen. I'm gonna tell you how to make some money. Listen. Please, please. Can I tell you how to make some money? Sean? I stupid Ass Sean. I want to tell how to make some money. You listening? Nah, I don't want to hear it.


Sham. Just go to my, my ig p storm tv. I'm out here feeding homeless people with money from my own pocket. People go and take my ig. I know the limit that I'm asking for is a little bit high, but it's okay if y'all gonna give money to Shiloh. That racist ass lady. Y'all could get some, some money to feed some homeless people out here. Go to my it. Sean. I can tell you how to make some money but you're not listening. Alright. What was you gonna tell him? I was gonna tell him that he, that that right now they got people that they're paying if you donate sperm because there's a new trend, people like to take other men's sperm and rub it on their nipples. Oh yeah. So you want, You want him to donate the sperm or you want him to rub it on Make the money He can either one, he can make money either donating it and then rubbing it on other men's nipples.


Yo, This said is stupid ass engineer and that man I was burnt down with yo. You See what I'm saying? Who else burnt down? The engineer. Man engineer. Travis's engineer. Travis engineer. That was Stupid Sean. Stupid. So he said you could donate to the stupid engineer whose house burned down. But Yeah, you can learn the, he says y'all could donate the Trav stupid ass in your, Oh my goodness. I forgot Travis. His house burned down. That's messed up. Sean. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Oh my goodness. All right. We got the latest with Lori coming up. We Do. Y'all won't argue about Torry Lanes. Let's get into the conversation 'cause they did a whole press conference yesterday and they directly are blaming Meg, the stallion's team for everything that has happened.


Who, who Did the press conference? Because all of Is important to Tory Lane's. Tory Lane's attorneys, his legal team and his father held a press conference yesterday in LA And not only did they come out with the claims about Kelsey being the one that allegedly shot Meghan, but they're saying that this all happened after a person from a publication found out about this and reached out to Brock Nation and Meg Thee stallion's legal team. Huh? I got questions. Okay, we'll talk. Yeah, we'll talk next. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess Hilarious is out in Atlanta and she hasn't been sleep. She hasn't went to sleep as of yet. She was at the club. She a time all night. She had a great time. She's a little twisted. A little twisted. Yes.


But let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight Off man. She gets him from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on good Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Okay, so Tory Lane's, his legal team is claiming that they have a statement from a bodyguard of Kelsey's. Kelsey's was Meg's best friend, Meg thee stallion's best friend, claiming that he overheard some things that changes Tory lanes sitting in jail that Tory Lanes is not guilty. And Kelsey is, let's take a listen.


Not long ago Unite the people was approached by a gentleman named Bradley James. Mr. James informed us he was working as the bodyguard and driver for Ms. Kelsey Harris during Mr. Peterson's trial. As such, he was in close proximity and he had privy to conversations she was having with her husband and others. Mr. James informed us he was not under a non-con disclosure agreement or a confidentiality agreement and was free to speak with Unite the people. Mr. James informed unite the people that he was a witness to. The conversation Ms. Harris had where she stated she had the gun, she fired it three times. Mr. Peterson grabbed her arm and knocked it down and the gun fired two more times. In essence, Mr. Peterson never shot anybody, never even touched that gun.


Never fired the gun. If he heard that during the trial, why wouldn't he say something then? Well, question. I do have a question Unite the people. I know it's a, a team of lawyers and activists who fight for social justice, but are they Tory Lane's attorney or they are a independent agency that just helps people in their cases? No, they are tor as I've been speaking to them, they are Tory Lane's attorneys. Okay. It's a group of them. It's a group of like, there's multiple attorneys that work on cases together and they specifically work with people who are, they feel like are put in a bad, bad position because of the justice system. Okay. But my question, if he, if the, if the bodyguard driver heard that during the trial, why wouldn't he say something then? I'm not for sure. Oh, there was something about a, actually I do know the answer to that question.


Gimme a second. 'cause there was something that he said about an NDA at time Said. You said he didn't sign, There was no NDA. He could Yeah, There I don know that. I just remember the conversation about an NDA. But if he said he Didn't sign it, yeah, he didn't said he didn't Sign one. I have no idea. But I will say, people are asking why Tory Lanes didn't say something at the time in court. And y'all remember Tory Lanes came out with that letter and he was accusing Sean Holly of basically not letting him testify when he said that he, he wanted to, he said that he didn't wanna take the plea deal and he wanted to be able to speak for himself. But this is interesting like how this whole thing came up because it came from a writer at the New York Times. Let's take a listen to that part of it. The New York Post recently, sorry, post reached out to the prior district attorney George Gascon, Megan Pete, her and her representatives and Kelsey Harris and her representatives.


The only party that responded was last week was Megan Pete's representatives with a request for more information. A few days later, Mr. Peterson's brutally attacked in his jail cell. Now that's a big claim because basically they're pinpointing it or they're, 'cause there's a lot of theories running online that, that this is like a whole setup and blah blah blah blah blah. And these attorneys are leaning into that. That's a huge claim to throw on me. Stallion's legal team and me stallion's legal team actually issued a statement. They sent us a statement and the statement basically said that this was already decided in court. And they're not gonna go back and forth. Alex Spiro said Tor Lanes was tried and convicted by a jury of his peers and his case was properly adjudicated through the court system.


This is not a political matter, this is a case of violent assault that was resolved in the court of law. Emini here. That's right. Emini here. None of us really know what happened that night. We weren't there, but just like,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Piece to the planet Charlemagne to God here. Look, we all make mistakes but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degrees hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


KFC, Chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good?


The attorney just said Tory was found guilty in a court of law. And I you just look at the evidence, Megan's testimony, medical records that confirms she had bullet fragments in her feet. The AP of the apologetic jail call from Tory, the neighbor who testified that they saw Tory fired a gun. The forensic evidence because the gun used in the shooting was found in Tory's vehicle. The DNA was inconclusive, but that was the evidence the jury used to convict them. So I just asked two simple questions. If you know they have all that evidence against you, if you're Tory Lanez, why wouldn't you just take the stand and simply say, Kelsey, shout her. And what reason would Megan have not to tell on Kelsey? I I agree with you a thousand percent, but if this is a a fact, and this is true, what this bodyguard is saying, I think it should be listened to to see if, if it, if it's proven or not regardless.


'cause it it, it could open up some other things. 'cause at the end of the day, whether you are on Tory's side or Megan's side, you want the truth, right? And if he knows something, he should be able to speak his know. Well why Wouldn't he say that during the trial? I, if a driver of bodyguard allegedly overheard that conversation while the trial was happening, why wouldn't you say something then? I'm a thousand percent with you. Well, I know, And I do remember from the press conference that they said that the bodyguard, the reason why he came out was because, or came to like them with the information was because he felt bad. He felt Guilty or something. Sleep. He felt guilty seeing a Yeah, couldn't sleep seeing an innocent man according to him sitting behind bars. So Once again, why wouldn't you say something then? Like, like everybody was following that trial. Everybody, I guess we Was conscious.


I don know Everybody knew the evidence that was against him. So if you felt that way, then you should have said something. At the end of the day, choices were made and the choice to not take the stand Tory Lanez and and defend yourself and tell your truth was a Portrait. And I agree a thousand percent. But you, you still want the facts. Like you want the truth of regardless of whose side you on, whose team you on, you want the truth to make sure People are making the Right decision. You at end of the day, the choice to not take the stand and defend yourself and tell your truth was a poor choice. Well, Okay, so first I wanna answer your question. So the bodyguard said that he didn't say anything because he was, he was Kelsey's bodyguard and he said that he felt an obligation to protect Kelsey. Now he's saying his conscience won't let him go forward. Just Jess.


Yo, let freedom ring. Y'all thought I was asleep, yo, no, all I'm saying is he got stab hella times in that said, y'all playing this, y'all playing the wrong instrumental for this sad stuff. Y'all The lights, camera, action Emini here. Oh well yeah, We on baby. This is so sad. We Justin. Yes, we On. I will say though, I think they've been trying to get Tory free for a little minute And I think that yeah, they, they have They been trying and said in the album, yo, it's evidence he said in the album that he coming home this year. Shut up Jess. Well he did, he did say that. I swear he said that y'all ain't listened to the album. He said he coming home this year. The funny part is y'all can't see Jess but she, she'll fall asleep and then she'll just pop up and y Free to ring.


Let Jess was resting her eyelids and then we threw it to her. She said let freedom to ring. She knew exactly What to say. Thank you. That was going Diddy. You was in Diddy's cake. We Ain't doing Diddy. I Was, yeah, we gonna get to, did we need some time for Diddy and all of the things You wanna do Diddy so bad you already did Wait till the tapes come out. You wanna, Did you Wanna do Diddy? You didn't hear about the lady who said it was as big as a Tootsie role that just filed the new lawsuit. You better Relax. What you mean a Tootsie Roll Look, he excited Now what you mean a Tootsie Roll? We'll get to that next hour. That's that's little Exactly Crazy Cotton candy. DJ shrimp yo. And remember you said that was your name before Envy. He said it was DJ Shrimp. Yo, what's Wrong with you Jess? All right, that is the latest with Lauren.


Now when we come back we got front page news and then Shamia Martin will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for some front page news. Let's start off with some quick sports typicals beat the Warriors last night. 1 21 to one 10 Also the Celtics beat the Knicks. 1 27 1 0 2. What's up Morgan? Alright y'all, let's get back into it. Before I get into aviation news, let's talk immigration real quick. Things got heated between the chief of Homeland Security and House Democrats. The hearing was supposed to be about her budget, but Kristi Noam was in several back and forths with Democrats about immigration.


Now specifically the status of Kmar Abrego Garcia, Congressman Dan Goldman and Christie Nome clashed over Abrego Garcia. Let's take a listen to their exchange. It's gotta be extremely dis discouraging to be one of your constituents. To see you fight for a terrorist like this and not fight for them is extremely alarming to me. I'm Fighting for due process. Breo Garcia's in his home country. What if he were to come back? Your you taken, If your continued advocacy for him were to I'm Not advocating for him, I'm advocating for a court order. Madam Secretary. Yeah, it got a little spicy. So Breo Garcia was deported by the Trump administration to El Salvador back in March on what they said was an administrative error.


He has since said, they have since said that he's a member of MS 13 and the Supreme Court has ordered the administration to facilitate his return. But the DOJ has been fighting parts of that ruling in a lower court and the Dems are trolling. Okay? A small plane has been spotted over Mar Largo flying a banner that says Welcome to Cuda Largo. The plane, the it's paid for by Democrats who said they're who are, excuse me. They're taking a shot at the president for his plans to accept that luxury Boeing 7 47 from Qatar to be used as a temporary Air Force one. Now California congressman Ted Luu says, accepting the plane is wrong and that gifts like this don't come without strings.


Let's take a listen from California Congressman Ted Lu. We are United States of America. We don't need gifts from foreign countries. We can build our own very impressive Air Force. One, we don't need to fly a Qatari plane around as our Air Force one that's un-American. People need to ask why is a foreign country trying to give this massive gift to Donald Trump? So California Congressman Ted Liu is calling for a vote on that gift. He says that's because taxpayers he says would be on the hook for the cost of retrofitting the jet to meet security standards and that he claims will cost $1 billion. Where is Doge when you need it? And speaking of planes, federal aviation administration officials met with major airlines to operate out of Newark Airport following massive flight disruptions.


Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy is looking to cut down on the number of daily takeoffs and landings at Newark because of an air traffic control shortage and equipment issues. Let's take a listen to transportation secretary Sean Duffy. We're Not doing it to annoy people, we're not doing it to delay people's travel. What we're doing is guaranteeing safety and when you have problems you actually slow things down. Slow down the flights at Newark until we can stand this system up and be assured that we have enough controllers and a system that's actually working. So the issues have led to day after day mass cancellations, delays in the last couple of weeks.


And in a meeting notice the FAA says the airport is not able to handle the number of scheduled flights that are currently scheduled. So aviation officials are urging you if you are in the New York, New Jersey area to try to fly somewhere else or use a different airport if possible. Elsewhere in Newark. Mayor Ross Baraka is releasing video to support his claim that he was targeted by the feds when he was arrested last Friday after allegedly storming the ice detention center. Now the clips Ro Baraka is providing show the Newark mayor who's running for governor waiting outside Delaney Hall for personnel to open the gates. Now they did and he entered with three other New Jersey Congress members when they were asked to leave.


They did so calmly according to the mayor. And Baraka claims the Clipse, he's distributing two news reporters show pushing and shoving by protestors but not him. And despite that, he emphasizes that he was the only one arrested. Now, Baraka claims he was targeted by the Trump administration. And my last story is I'll be out tomorrow guys, I'm accepting an award from my alma mater, HBCU Morgan State Univers today. Hey, that's Up. I've been thank you. I've been named the outstanding alumnus of 2025. So I will leave you on the capable hands more than capable hands of our BIN anchors And I will be back with you guys on Monday. So any questions or thoughts on our stories before I wrap?


No ma'am. Congratulations. Congrats. Alright, thank you. Thank you. That's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow ad Black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank y'all. Thank you Morgan. Elis Now when we come back from the Real Housewives of Atlanta, Shamia Martin will be joining us. She also has a new single never had and we're gonna talk to her next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building from the Real Housewives of Atlanta. Shamia Morton. Welcome. Hey. Hey best friend.


So How you feeling? How's everything? You know everything's been great. New York has been kind. My birthday was yesterday so I gotta celebrate here. Y'all know how to party up here. Birthday. Yes, that's Me and my wife's anniversary. Dope Stop. 24 Years. That's a beautiful thing. Yeah, you picked the right day. You picked the right day. Right day. Why do I care for my birthday? And I do. I love it. Black love. There we go. There you go. Well you got your new single out. Never had. Yes. I love that. Oh my goodness. So I'm excited about that song. 'cause RL and B Flag helped produce that, you know, know Earl from next. You know how it is in the industry. You tell people you really wanna do something like you're yeah come by the studio and no one ever follows up and really don't do anything. So me being at my big age, you know, it was still a passion of mine to sing and do music and he gave me a shot and people are loving it And I'm loving that y'all are supporting it.


Why do you Think your career didn't take off the music career In the past it's been, 'cause I've been in girl groups or you know, like I was in the group co-ed roll with me back in the day. I was in Rolling Me Rolling with me. I know that song. That was Girl Group with Carrie Sen. I did a group with Carrie Sen. It was called Pretty Tony. And then of course Shamari Fears went a group called Intrigue back in the day. I've done lots of groups and you know how it is with groups. Back in the day it was like somebody else gets signed by somebody, then now a group is broken up or somebody gets pregnant. Now it's over. And I think I just got burned out at a young age and that acting check was better.


So I started focusing on that acting, hosting and the music. Love was always there. So I was like, I'm going back to it and But you've always had a beautiful voice though. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. I appreciate it. So yeah, I was like singing at churches, bar mitzvahs, funerals and it was like, okay, I gotta, if I gotta do it, I just gotta do it on my own. And now it's easier 'cause social media helps you to just put your own stuff out there. Yeah, you gotta don't to wait on. Yeah like back in the day it was like you gotta do it for a and r. Have a whole showcase. Somebody's gotta prove the label. Gotta sign you. Then you gotta hope that they put it out. Now you just single on Instagram. I hope it goes viral. But with That said, what does success look like in that space for you? I think I'm living in it right now. Okay. Just having my song even hit the chart is a blessing because I'm like Lil on me.


You know, I just, I don't know, even people just singing it and tagging me in their videos like, oh it's a vibe. I like it. It feels good. 'cause now I'm just not singing it for my family on a fireplace stoop. It is like The World is loving it. Gotcha. So are we just doing singles or are we Oh my goodness. An album in the Making a ep. What's going on? So I just shot the video for it. Ooh, okay. So I'm gonna release that next month. And I don't know, I've gotten five strong songs so far, so I don't know if I wanna do EP or album, but we'll see Now. Awesome. We gotta ask you a friend on The Housewives for a while. For forever. So you've seen The Mess, you've seen the craziness, the fights and all. Yes. What made you want to be part of that franchise as an official member? I think I've always wanted to do it, but they wouldn't allow me to do it without my husband actually agreeing to come on camera.


And he wasn't for it. He was like, I support you doing it and the, and our kids and y'all can film at the house. We understand that. I just don't wanna be on camera. And when they came over did a test shoot with me, they saw how I was living and they were like, I don't think we'll need him Show a Little bit though. They were like, well, they were like, well we'll be able to move forward, you know? And this was holding now I don't have much money you had and everything. Well you know, I don't know. I just don't lead with it. Emini here un unless you know me and we are like great friends, you wouldn't know 'cause Emini here, I don't know, it's weird for me to be like, Hey, you know you I'm rich, but are you trying? But if that's what's required, you know, for you to get on the show. Were you ever, was that something that you, did you even want to have a peach on the show? Or did you like better position of a friend?


I did, but I just, I didn't think that it would ever happen because he again had to agree to be on camera and he was like, mm. But then he ends up joining us a little bit this season, like for big events for me, like my birthday or my showcase and stuff. He, he pulls up, but he was like, this ain't, you know, he, he shies away from cameras. That's not his thing. And I'm like, I respect that. I was gonna ask too, 'cause there's so much focus on relationships on this show. How, how did you get him not to have to film a whole season? He comes a little bit, He does come a little bit. Okay. But it's not like our personal life is, you know, that's me. That's my, you only can give what you want to give or show what you wanna show. And I think, you know, he pulls off for our kids and my birth like the big moments, but he's just not into it. Like, and The network was completely okay with that.


Yeah. Wow. But I wanted to ask for people that don't know, how close are you and Porsche? Meaning growing up, how, like, were y'all best friends growing up? Did y'all live down the block or? So our parents were best friends. Oh. And that's kind of how we became friends. Wow. And you know how it is when you, y'all take family trips? So we go and it's like, at first it was like a forced friendship 'cause it was like we were childhood friends. Then I went to college, she did her thing and after we just kind of came back together when she got married and it was like, oh my gosh, I missed you. Like, and we were like inseparable sense. So prior to this show I would like to think that we were very close. Yeah. But the show changed that a little bit As you can see. Yeah. That and that's unfortunate because I love Porsche, you know, And I, we have a good time together. Like she's super silly like me down to earth and just this platform I just, I prayed that it wouldn't change things, but unfortunately it has.


It's like a lot of people muddying and Mercury, you know, making the water a little mess. It's messy. Now is Porsche a a different Porsche outside of Housewives and she is on housewives, you're her friend. So you would know that? Well, you know, y'all have known each other for a while. I think that on the show she can kind of like close up and not be as vulnerable and open. But, but rightfully so. Like sometimes on this platform you get torn apart for being vulnerable and being open. It's like, oh, you should have did. So you, so it's like almost like you damned if you do, damned if you don't. So yeah, I do think that, you know, she's guarded in a sense. Yeah. Whereas if we're just one-on-one hanging out, it's like, it's whatever. I'm a open book and the sky's the limit, whatever like it but the show, of course she's like, I'm gonna harness and hold back on some of this stuff because I don't want to be judged or I don't want to feel, you know, I think off limits for you to talk about with me.


People Would say, you know, in the, in the comments that, you know, she didn't come up to your wedding, she came late to your birthday party. She didn't come to the wedding. In Kenya? Yeah, in Kenya. And I, and To be clear, I only had one wedding. Oh, okay. So you didn't have to. And that was a wedding in Kenya. And people Would say that, you know, she, why, how did you feel that she didn't come when she was up here? She said the reason she didn't, she was late for your birthday, is that she said was traffic. She can't shoot in her house. She shot at her mom's house. Why you looking at me like that? I'm just looking at, I'm just tell you what she said. Okay. Okay. Alright. She said that she, she was in traffic, she couldn't shoot at her house. So she had had to shoot at her mom's house. It was way across the other side. So it took a little extra time. So how did that make you feel when she missed both of those things as her best friend? And see that's the thing, when I speak on it, it is like I'm throwing shade at Portia, but, And I should have forgiven her years ago.


Okay, yeah, we moved on, but since I'm on this platform now, all of this stuff is coming back up and I'm not bringing it up. And that's what happens. And I, And I gotta talk about it, right? But so it's like I'm not on this Porsche tour of just trying to slander Porsche and shame her. Like I'm, that's not what this is about. But the reality is, yes, she did miss my wedding in Kenya. And yes, it was hurtful and we talked about it and we've moved past it. But again, that's one of the things that the ladies bring up on the show. Like, oh, it feels like your friendship is lopsided. She didn't come to your wedding, she didn't do this. And I'm constantly having to defend it and in return she's listening. Like, you talking to me, you talking about me to your, these other girls? I'm like, no, actually these girls are bringing you up to me talking about how you're not a good friend.


But yeah, Emini here, all that stuff happens. It's the real deal. Like I didn't make this up. I didn't tell her to come late or she showed up when she showed up. It looked how it looked. I don't have any control of that, But, but you also know your friend, right? Like so you know her like, you know? Right. You know, Portia don't like to be around a lot of people. You know, she's a cancer, she's a homebody. So for sure. Being that you know her, you don't give her a little bit more grace like I do because you know her better than them Girls. They telling you. I do. And that's what I'm saying. So even when she came late, I was like, it, it is what it is. It's cool. I've downplayed everything, which is why they think I'm a lab do. 'cause they like, why are you, why do you keep giving her this grace? You should speak up about it. You should say something about it. And I'm like, it's whatever. But then on the same token, she's a homebody and, and she's a introvert, but she also shows up for other people's things.


Got you. We're still kicking in with Shamia Morton from the Real Housewives of Atlanta. So you started off, And I note these are some of my wife's questions. 'cause I asked, I was like, he sham coming. I told you He'd be with them guys over if you like to show you like the show. Why you gotta be like That? My, my wife asked just 'cause I said, babe, send me some, send me some questions. What you would ask. She was like, so now first you were Porsche second chair. Like her, you know her homie, her, her, her cheerleader, right? Yeah. But it says now you know, you've taken it a a different outcome. You says you've become a boss and you're standing on your own. Aw. What do you say about the change in the public's perception of you and do you think that they had it all wrong from the beginning of who you are? Well, thank you white people for calling me a boss.


I appreciate that. I think that I've always been me. I just never had the platform to showcase who I am and what I stand for. My friendships, my faith, my family, the fun girl side of me. I just never had that opportunity. So now that I'm here, I'm like, alright, this is what it is. I just, I'm a good friend, I'm a good follower, but I'm also a great leader And I think that's what makes a good leader. Somebody that can follow and sit back and let everybody else shine. I don't mind it. It doesn't take anything away from me. For you being the first chair or you being, I'm, I'm cool plus one whatever. I know how I'm living And I know what I'm bringing. Lemme ask a question. This just, I'm just asking Right. Doesn't it seem a little strange to like now have issues with a friend?


'cause y'all on a show that y'all knew each other all your life. I don would think that you would, y'all could, the cameras like y posture, what's up? Like, And I, I've reached out And I, you'll see this upcoming episode that, But that's what I'm saying. I shouldn't have to see that on that episode. Emini Here, but even outside. But that, but see, that's the only chance you have to see it because everything else is done in private. Gotcha. And no one believes you when you say, oh, we spoke about this in private and it's fine. Then it's like, oh no, you're too scared to confront your friend. But a lot of times I tell people, no, this was not for y'all. This conversation was not for y'all. It was for us. And it's like, but you're on a show. You can't decide what's private and what's not. Right. You know, because again, you wouldn't know like this drama or this tension if it weren't for the show.


So Emini here, we talk about things on the show and off the show and it's like, it's a weird space. I I don't want it to be that way. It Emini here. I posted her, her daughter and tried to extend it Olive branch and show love and she's been super distant And I was very shot to even get a birthday post. I was like, yes, thank you. Like wow, I love you. I'm, you know. Yeah. And you did text her? Yeah. And she text me Happy birthday And I was like, thank you so much. I was like, this made my day. You think she's been distant? 'cause she doesn't know what's for what's what, what could potentially be for TV and what's real anymore between y'all? Possibly. But I'm like, can we talk about it? Like Yeah. But y'all know this is all for like, if, if producers and things like that and you know, showrunners see that they're gonna try to make that a bigger moment anyway.


Whether it's what y'all wanna do or not, they're gonna find, they're gonna put me little bugs in the ears and they can only do what you allow. Yeah. Right. And if you, my like day one, I should be able to be like Charlemagne. Like, yo, this ain't what it is. I love you. We we, we locked like this. We not, no one can say, here's what Drew said. It's FYI and you, you take it for what it is not, I don't know. I'm not feeling, if feel like you creating something, why would I finally wanna create something on the show? Like the show, I'm, I'm the same person that I've been. Yeah. Not trying to be funny, but I spent money to be on the show. I, that's not where I get my money from. You say you spent money? Yeah. What you mean? The lavish parties and all that stuff that cost.


Oh, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. The the, the money that I'm getting on the show is not enough. Goes Back into the best on your personality on the Show. Yeah. Way more. I, by my first birthday party, my, the first event I had took that whole check away. So it's not like, not trying to be funny. I enjoy the show And I love it And I appreciate it for the platform that I'm getting to expose things like my music. But at the end of the day, it's not a deal breaker for me. Like you are, our friendship is. Yeah. The love I have for you is, so at the end of the day when this is done and if they say, oh, we don't need you next season, I I'm here, we, we should still be able to move forward with our friendship. Envy texted me a question to ask you. He said, that's my mine essence.


Essence published an article that claimed you nor Porsche are in, in your friendship drama. What are your thoughts on that perspective? Okay, essence. Thank you Emini here. That's all on your POV. You know, I, I can't change and a lot of people in come in the comments and say, you know, oh, Mia is no victim. Porsche's no victim. They're the same whatever. Well, you know, hey we're friends. We've been friends for a long time. So you know, hey, we probably are a lot alike. That's not a bad thing. I think she's a good person. So this is another question. I ain't like this question. No, but so enlighten us, enlighten the rest of The World. What is it about these Africans? LOL You have one portion has one. I didn't ask that question. Hold on. Lemme tell you this. I'm I I I have by African before it was cool to have an African, all right, that's, this was back in the day.


I've been with my African for 11 years. Like that sounds Crazy. This is, this is pre, this is when I got crap for being with an African. This was back in the day when y'all were posting the whole starter kit with the Chanel bag and the ashy fee and the, that was like the African starter kit. That's the African starter kit. That's what y'all was posting on. That's the meme that was going around everybody. That was the meme. Thank you. Come on. You know it, the meme used to go around and then I even had people be ugly about it. It was like, you better get him Tes. You better make sure you don't have aids. Jesus. You know, it was nasty work. Crazy What? Yeah, this was like all People. That's what we Come for. Thank you. Thank you. That's crazy. And it was all the nastiness and then there was this new wave of get you an African and it was all glorified.


And I'm like, well hold on. Because when I got with my husband, y'all were being mean about it. I lost friendships over that. Yeah. Right. One of my, one of my old homegirls actually said, you know, he's got about five wives, girl. I'm like, where are these wives? Because we got married in a Catholic church in Kenya and they actually have to do a full publication of like in the press, in the news, everything. They say, this man Jeremiah Ggi will be wedding Shamia Yon Morton on this day at this church. If anybody objects to it and we have to you To get in tongue just now. I No, that was her husband's name. Name. Oh I just heard so Sha char. No. So we had to do a whole and then, you know, with the whole scam and stuff like, well you, you have to go and get cleared with the embassy to marry.


So if he had all these extra wives, I would know about it. They would have come up in his profile. Like it's the weirdest thing to me. Yeah. And yeah, I was like, I had to stand 10 toes down my, I love my African brother, my and Sisters by the way. You and me both. Yeah. 11 years ago you didn't know Africans were bawling something wrong with you. Yeah. You ain't paying, you wasn't paying attention. Mm. They were real nasty with it. Like, you gonna marry him? Okay, well girl be careful 'cause and I'm like And he's the president of a Dominion Energy. Is it? Yep. You been doing your homework. They Hvac, he counts money. That's what he does. He counts money. Absolute. I like, 'cause you know what I like, I like seeing black people 'cause they are black. I like seeing black people do things that you don't normally see. People see people do doing. And we always scream about going and learn a trade.


Right, exactly. Like everybody can't be a celebrity. Everybody can't be an a basketball player. Yeah. So learn a trade. But he actually has a whole HVAC company, Company, several. He does mergers, acquisitions. So he, they build and manufacture HVACs from, you know, they government buildings, airports. Oh you know, filthy, Filthy, filthy rich. So filthy. What a color in for a, for last birthday a couple of years ago. A year ago last year. Rose Race, roll Race for you sir. Roll race for you. Well let's play your single. So introduce your single ladies and gentlemen. Introduce the single. Okay. Best friend y'all gotta download. Never has Filthy Atlanta way. N-E-V-A-H-A-D on all of your digital streaming platforms. 'cause you never had a best friend like me.


You never had, you never had, you never had a dish. Somebody that be It's a Crazy stop. You can't just capital P now it's a portion District, it's not a portion. Have you heard it? No. No. You didn't listen to see And I tried to make sure I got it up here like, 'cause I was like, oh they ain't gonna do me like a co coco. Yep. I didn't even know you did music. So I'm sorry. See I'm See what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. You can't. Oh my goodness. I'm sorry. But See, but see, but this is why this show is so great because now you know, and I'm here and I'm about to play it for you. Let, And I want you to tell me what you think about it. If it's a Porsche, this record, I will not agree It's not a Porsche. Charlemagne. Is it true that you and Candy Burs had the same surrogate?


Yes. Wow. Yes. Sina. Oh, Sheina. Okay. Her name is Sheina and she's amazing. Shout out to Sheina. She a breast cancer survivor. All the things. And that's how Shiloh was born early because of her diagnosis and Wow. How did you know Emini here? Did Candy recommend her? Like I Don Emini here. I Don yeah I met her through Candy. Absolutely. She has a surrogacy agency. It's called Surrogacy Miracles. Her and Dr. Jackie own the agency together. So initially I went through the agency to try to get a surrogate And I was like, well you carry Blaze. You did a good job. Why don't you just carry my child? Right? Yeah. I'm an idiot. So I never thought about it, but I was like, if you're a surrogate, you've probably done that more than once. I never thought you that. Yeah. People do that. Like it's a business business's a Yeah, exactly.


That's how they make their money. Wow. I wanted to ask about Kenya right now. Is she on pause or is she fired? I don't really know, but I think that she never returns from that point for the rest of the season. She never returns. So Emini here, I don't know if she'll be back next season. I don't even know if I'll be back Emini here. You know, we don't, I don't make those kind of decisions. And what was your thoughts on the way how Bravo handled it? You know, the network knows more than I would. They, they've done their, they did their homework, they did their investigation and they felt like they made the best decision. Of course, that's my boss, I'm gonna support it. Whatever they say is what, what it is. Again, I don't know if she And what did You think about what she did as, as far as the leaking and all that? Oh, it was jaw dropping for sure to be there.


I guess you had to be there to feel the attention. But I was like, you know, you hurt me. I literally was like, Kenya, come on girl. Like that's too much. Like that's, she was like, you don't tell me what's too much. Be you, you know. And she kinda was like, so after she apologized for that, but I guess every action has a reaction of course. And she felt like this girl did this, so I'm giving it back to her. I wouldn't have handled it that way, but she did. And, and you see where we are. So Can I go back to the surrogate thing for a second? Because you, You think about getting one. No, I just, I just, I just want, because you actually, you, you carried a child and then you had Yes a surrogate. So what's the difference between the experiences? So I had a great pregnancy with my firstborn.


I had a C-section and it was fine. I didn't, I, I'm still actively trying to get pregnant. If I was to get pregnant tomorrow, it would be amazing. But I also, after that had a ectopic pregnancy where I lost my left man fallopian tube man and was bleeding internally. Damn. And this was a year and a half ago and


hey, what up Y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting BS and massaging leather appointed seats are optional.


Features At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room at the drink of the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, add to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and restrictions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Peace to the planet. Charlemagne to God here. Look, we all make mistakes but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up And I bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing. You keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


So the journey to like grow my family is continuous. But I think what the misconception is people think, oh you know it's a surrogate DNA in some kind of way. No, the surrogate is like the oven to bake it in, but all the ingredients are mine and my husband's, we create embryos and that's also a very stressful situation 'cause you are having to do stimulations to get eggs fertilized and and they need know implantation and all the things. And I've tried, God, I've done seven rounds of IVF, I'm going into my eight Jesus now. Yes. All that just to to yeah. Have a baby and And very expensive. And very expensive and draining. Emotionally draining and just high risk because when you're injecting yourself with all these things, it puts you at risk for stroke, heart attack, you can't work out.


That's not, I'm not blaming my stomach pouch on that kind of, I am a little bit, but it is very like emotionally draining and, and high risk. You put Emini here, women, we go through so much just the body. Like, so the surrogate Emini here, it's expensive and it's all the things, but you know, we do that 'cause we we're Love and and you said you want to grow your family. So would you do surrogate again or are you thinking about doing surrogate again? Yes. I actually How you gonna do it again? I've gotten a new surrogate And I'm just hoping to get a pregnant asap. Yeah, That sounds so crazy. People. I don wanna get pregnant. To be honest, I didn't know. I thought she was A real woman. I didn't know she was identifying something. I'm sorry, but I'm not judging Know what they say Now. Also the the two new castmates. How, how do you like them? Do you feel like they have a long standing power or do you think it's one of 'em that kind of shocked jocks and get out out of there?


What are your thoughts on, You said two new castmates, you got Two new Well, but besides Yourself, we got three new Well besides yourself because you got no even, no, you got Angela, Brett, Edie, Kelly Ferrell. Okay. Three. Yeah, so three. So I ab but I'm happy that you said two. 'cause that's, those are the only two I really care about. Which, which are, you know, Kelly and Angela And you just don't like the other one. I don't see a four. Why? What's what's, why don't you like them? She's just not a kind person, you know, and but usually The show's like that type of thing, that's How girl groups are. You, you're not gonna get along with everybody. And she, she's just not my, my type of girl. She said herself, she's not a girl's girl. So, and we Can see it. Right. For sure. Do you feel like a lot of times those castmates, they they try to show things that they're not, like when I watch the show sometimes and I'm looking, I'm like dude, That ain't how you are.


Exactly. You putting it on for the cameras. But I think that our viewers and fans can see that like, when you ain't being real, it'll come out and everything will be revealed. And that's exactly what's happening. You can't keep up with your own stories. Say you lost your insurance, then you didn't lose your insurance license. It's like, girl, come on. Damn. I, I see out, I ran into a Mia Thornton in Atlanta last week and she's not on Potomac anymore. Possibility that she might be a housewives of Atlanta. So what's your thoughts on that? I welcome anybody that wants to be here. Like I don't get to make those decisions. Hell, I just got on the show myself. So if you asking me if I'm gonna get my spot out from me or no sis but you know, if, if she's Laugh like now I'm not giving my spot, nah, you can try to take it.


It's Not gonna happen. But, but yeah. If they find room for her, sure. Hey girl, come on. Well I hope you and Portia figure it out. Absolute me Too. Can you make happen Emini here? You close to Portia, y'all share the same people. Yeah, I just want Y'all have a sit down and help us figure it out. Yeah. I feel like that should be so easy though. It's not because you can't Emini here. You if you allowing other people to just get in your ear about stuff. It is like, I think it's the show I Emini here. I I don't know this course. It's the show. I haven't spoken to her about that. I think it's the show. 'cause it's one thing when your friend is your friend, but now your friend is on the show. So you don't know if your friend is using your relationship for a storyline. I I wouldn't need that. I have so much other story, so much soda where a lot of my story got cut.


Like I've got so much happening in my Life. Yeah. They gonna go into salacious stuff, you know, they're gonna go into juicy stuff. For sure. For sure. Get all that positive though. Let, let's talk about You in post beach. Yeah. Like I did a whole, you know, cheer dance camp for with over 200 girls. Boring and Exactly. I'm Talking about from your perspective. Exactly. You know, from their perspective. I know what you Exactly. That's why I never came. That's why you won't see it, you know, but at the end of the day, for me, it doesn't do anything for me. That story. That's not the type of story I want. Like this is my real friend, my real life. Like, and it's a hurtful thing. Now When Portia, when y'all went on her birthday trip in Nashville, right? And she said I should have that man's husband. What, what was your thoughts? I should have that man's husband. That woman's husband.


My bad. Oh My God. N What is this? Atlanta. It is Atlanta. But it is Atlanta though. It is Atlanta. I said, I Said, well Angela is not trans. She is definitely a woman. So Charles married a woman. Let's just be clear about that. Jesus Christ. I, you know, it's funny at the time because we are out there drinking, you know, you kicking it with your friend, you not like whatever they were beefing. So I knew she was being shady when she said it. No, but I don't play about black marriage or be period. I want people to stay together. I don't, you know, I wouldn't play about mine, you know? And I said of course on watch what happens Live that.


Hey, if you can take 'em, you can keep 'em. But at the end of the day, no. That's not a laughing matter. Like, And I hate that she said it, but me and Angela weren't friends and her and Angela weren't friends and she was Kiki with me, her friend. Right. And so we laugh, we laugh about a lot of dark stuff that we shouldn't laugh about. She probably Was joking, We was joking. Portia doesn't want Charles to be clear. Like, and for those Just say, oh, she took somebody. That ain't her thing. Like I know her and and that ain't her thing. She didn't want Charles, she don't want Charles, she only wants was for her. And that's just it. That's just that. Yeah. Because that's not fair. That's not fair for beautiful women like Portia to be saying things like that. Yeah. Then when that poor man, you know, becomes the temptation, whose fault is that? You know what I'm saying?


I'm just saying. That Ain't right. Shady. Well She was, she was joking. She was, I guess she always Drinking, joking. I don she was joking. She she was, she said she was joking. But, but you know Angela's defense. I get it girl. I understand why you would be upset but you should be upset with me anymore. I apologize for laughing. I apologize for my shade throwing on her outfit and, and my part in it. All that other stuff. You gotta talk. Take that out with Portia. Damn. Like that ain't got nothing to do with Me. This show, this show gonna ruin a lot of great relationships. It has Already. This show's been over years Emini here it has. Well ladies and gentlemen from the Real Housewives of Atlanta, Shamia Morton, her single is out right now. Never had downloaded. Now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. All right. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess.


Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk To me. So a quick update in the Halle Bailey DDG situation. Yesterday Halle was granted a temporary sole physical and legal custody of her son that she shares with DDG Halo until June 4th until a court hearing. So on Tuesday we talked about how she went and told the judge, Hey, this is everything that's been happening to me.


She got that temporary restraining order. But in addition to that she did ask for the custody and she asked that she's, she wants to remain the sole custodian of her child moving forward as well. But the judge is gonna decide on that. And according to the legal docs that she filed, she did this and she didn't give any notice to DDG. 'cause y'all remember he was on that stream and he was like confused. And people are like, how you don't know this coming. She said she didn't give any notice to him that she was doing any of this because she is alleging that she was in fear that violence would reoccur and that she feared that the other party would take the child out of the area before the order could be granted and served. So that's just an update there. Can we get the Puff? Yeah, we are gonna get the puff. Yes.


We are here. So yesterday, wait, I, yesterday in court? No. Oh, now. Okay. So yesterday in court, Cassie took the stand again. It is the second week of trial and she finished her ex the conversation she's having with the prosecutors. These are the people that want Diddy locked up. She talked about a ton of things, but one thing that they did yesterday that I thought they did, they did a good job at is they leaned into why the sex trafficking charges are there. So they, through ca, through ta, through Cassie's testimony, they set up the whole like enterprise that they're claiming he has. So based on her testimony, you have, you know, Diddy here at the top and these are not things she said verbatim. It took her hours to get through all of this. But this is what you walk away with.


You have Diddy at the top of the hymn and then Cassie's like second in control if because she's making phone calls, she's booking the escorts. Then you have different employees that come from come in from time to time. You have a person, they're alleging a woman named KK is involved. So It's like a crime ring. Exactly. They're alleging a security guy who's also like a really close friend of puff's named D Rock is involved. They throw out some names here. Now the crime itself, people are confused about like when with like, they're like, well how is he, how is he sex trafficking? How is that even a thing? But what they're showing us evidence of text messages and conversations is Diddy saying, yo fly these people out. So Cassie went through at least a good like 15 different escorts that she knew like by name.


Wow. Because they had dealt with them so much. Different Cities, different places, Bro la, New York, Miami or, and, and Las Vegas was their main spots. And they was flying these people all to these different places. Like one guy was based in New York, but he had been to all them places with him. And that is election that the definition of sex trafficking. Correct? Yes. That's part of it. Yeah. It's part of it. When you fly people across state lines with the intent to do anything immoral and you're forcing them of cosing them to do it. Correct. The Action or practice of illegally transporting people from one country, our area to another for the purpose of sexual exploitation. And and you don't have to force them. So if they just do it for that, like you're not forcing them. But if they, if you send 'em and pay 'em for that, that is sex trafficking. That's a part of forcing. But the, the forcing and the co coercing comes into its coercion comes into it.


And now that's what I said. So I said when it comes to Cassie, they did yesterday, they, the prosecution showed us a bunch of text messages and she had a lot of conversation about how she was coerced or forced. Right. Gotcha. He's facing charges of sex trafficking by force fraud or coercion, transportation for purposes of prostitution and racketeering conspiracy. So the prostitution and the transportation for prostitution. Boom. That's you bringing people across state lines to have sex with them and paying 'em to do it. On Cassie's side, the coercion in the forest, they showed text messages where Puff is texting her and saying things like, you know, threatening to blackmail her with freak off videos. Mm. So, and, and a lot of people were like, yo, we don't know what they have. They literally showed it yesterday.


Now You also said, am am I right or wrong that they showed pictures and videos of Cassie beat up and knots on her head and Not video. They will not show any video in court because they don't, they're they're afraid. They're afraid that it'll get out. Even the photos they showed, they Yes, they showed them, but they only showed them to the jurors and to Cassie to look at. But yes, the, the couple photos that they did show of her, her abuse, it was so bad. Like you seen them. Yes. Yeah. You did see 'em. Yeah. Like we, we didn't get to see photos of the Freak off. They showed actual screenshots from the freak off videos. But we saw some photos of the domestic violence and it was horrible. Like she took a selfie and her lip was so swollen. There was another photo of like the gash on her head, a huge gash on her head.


And she said that she didn't even go to like a regular doctor. She went to like a plastic surgeon to get stitches. 'cause they just was trying to keep it low. She talked and This, and this wasn't the DV from the video that everybody seen this other Situation? No, this, they spent about an hour and a half talking about situations. Completely nothing to do with that video that everybody saw. Mm. Why Didn't they let y'all see pictures of the freak? Oh. Because they wanted make sure that no, no media or, you know, 'cause there's normal people of the public in court as well too. They don't want nothing to get out because it could be retraumatizing for the women already. 'cause they gotta sit up here and talk about it. So they're like y'all but Y'all, but they showed y'all pictures of Cassie all lumped Up. Yeah. And the video. Yeah, it Was just, that's crazy. They argued about it for a day, Jess, And I don't know, they just decided not to do it.


They said that they didn't wanna re-traumatize the victims that way. But was Cassie's parents there? Cassie? I didn't, I didn't see Cassie's parents, but her brother and her husband were there. And when they started getting into a lot of the things about, you know, the sexual acts that she did, he was there And I was watching him. He was unfazed. There was a couple times where he took a couple glances at Puff. Like he's been, yeah, Could you imagine? You see your sister, you see, you know her parents today. You see your daughter nod it up like, yeah, you want that get back. But I wanted to talk about, I forget I was going somewhere and then we, oh, they brought up Kit Cudi and they brought up a timeline of like just different guys that Cassie had began to try and, you know, date and get away from Diddy with and what would happen when she would try to do that. So Cassie alleged that when she started dating Kid Cuddy, you know, she kept it really low or whatever, but when Puff found out, he made them all sit down and have a conversation at a dinner table.


And this was a, and he had threatened to Cassie allegedly that he was gonna do something to Kid Cudi when they went out out of the country, he was gonna blow up his car allegedly. And she, and so when they sitting down at dinner kid Cuddy's like, well what about my car? And Puff was like, I don't know what car you talking about. But what I thought was crazy about this timeline was there's always a thing of her being with Puff and then going back to these other men and then going back to Puff with Kid Cudi the day she talked about going to go see him one of those days she left from a freak off and went to go see him. Now, now Also I'm interested to see what Diddy's defense team is gonna come up with. Because if you get on that stand Emini here, when Cassie gets on that stand and you try to press Cassie, you can't press her without admitting Diddy did commit crimes.


Like if you gonna say Cassie is G money, then that means Diddy was Nino Brown. So if you, you're his defense. Yeah. If you're his defense, you would have to acknowledge that he committed crimes in order to, you know, implicate Cassie. Are they gonna try to say, you know, Diddy did all these things but it was consensual. But she's, she's clearly telling you it was. And I I I have a question. Does Cassie have immunity? 'cause it can, well can she be charged? I don't. Do we Know that? I don I don't know the answer to that. I can find that out. But I'm gonna tell y'all this. I was sitting there yesterday and I'm like, okay, the prosecution did a good job. I see where her case lies with puff. But if she wasn't sitting up here testifying, I wouldn't have been surprised if, if they would've tried to come and get her somewhere. Because she was so involved in everything. And even though she went through a lot, I'm not taking that from her. She talked about having UTIs that even antibacterial medicine couldn't cure anymore.


'cause she was having so much sex. There were sores in her mouth. Like she, so why Has nobody else been arrested? If it's a Rico, I don that's what I was saying. Now I was wondering, I don't know. And I don't know. I, I don't think in my opinion And I, I don't know, but I think, I feel like some of these charges are not going to, they, they're not gonna be as strong once we hear all the testimonies. But there's certain things I based off of yesterday and that based off of yesterday. And it's gonna change every Day. It's only been day, what was it, day three? Yeah. Eight weeks. You come Walk, walk away, you can walk away with opinions early. We got a long way to go. You can't. No we can't. You can't, you don't even facts You don't even have 10% of the evidence anymore. Nah, I don't. We have to see, But but you do have to see. I know we gotta go. But it came out about the settlement with the Cassie settlement.


$20 million. We finally know the number. She received $20 million and she said that 30 million she asked for, she just randomly came up with that number 'cause she felt like that's what she deserved. And this was after she had sent the book over to Puff's team and she was told by one of his employees, oh, ain't nobody taking it serious. Now she received the 20 million. I seen a lot of people saying if she received the money, then why is she still testifying? And and she said that in courts yesterday too. Right? She Said that she felt guilty. Did she felt like that, you know, she had been doing all these things and she was, she felt guilty, she felt bad. Now she wanted a chance to do something right. When, When you heal your choices stop coming from pain and start coming from clarity. Cassie is making choices with clarity right now. Yeah. When she was with Diddy, she was making choices from pain.


Man pain. She talked about a suicide attempt. I know we gotta go. It was So much. I'm just sorry. She gotta, you know, think about it. She gotta relive all this again every day the questions and talking about, and then today's gonna be on the other side. So the defense is Gonna be doing bet's therapeutic for though. So when she says things like, did you think Yeah, She broke down yesterday. Charlamagne like broke down bad when she was talking about the suicide attempt. Oh I Bet you releasing all of this is is therapeutic for her. You shedding all of this is therapeutic for her. Wow. Possibly. Which Is probably why the money ain't enough. No, I need to go get this off me. Right. She said she couldn't hold onto things some things anymore too. She did say that. Alright. Alright. Well, well that's the latest story. Every Birthday, Ray Lewis. Ray Lewis, you don't know Ray Lewis?


Yes. I couldn't hear you the first time. Happy birthday Ray Lewis. Go to sleep. Justin. It's Ray Lewis birthday, yo. Oh, Okay. We're aware you've said that. Don't Know him Mr. That's the raven. We know Ray Lewis, Doggy Of the day is up next. And also just fix my mess. Get on the phone lines. Eight five eight five a mess. 1, 5 1. If you need just to fix your mess, call us up as breakfast. You're not judging. You're Out The Breakfast Club. Know how you came up with the Don Because you're mean I'm not. What did I don? Today's a bunch of donkeys out here in The street. That is why Charlemagne ain't here. If we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may, we never will say it To give it to on The Breakfast Club.


In the words of Charlamagne to God, it is a donkey that, oh man, Charlamagne you giving donkey the day to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes donkey of the day for Thursday, May 15th goes to 33-year-old Ashley Pardo from Texas. And she is a prime example of why all your kids' dreams don't need to be supported. Okay? It is perfectly fine to not believe in your kids and not support everything they want to do. Why do we tell ourselves that lie? Like we have to do that. Okay? Some things you know, our kids want to do can be dangerous. Some things our kids want to do can cause other people pain. Some things our kids want to do. You as a parent could be held liable for some things our kids want to do could be downright criminal.


And that's when we as parents have to simply say, F your dreams. Okay, I'm not supporting this foolishness. Well, I don't know what type of parenting Ashley was practicing, but if this is an example of what gentle parenting is, then throw it out. It's simply no good. See, Ashley said that she supported her son's violent expressions. What are violent expressions? Uncle Sharla. And why would a mother support any of this? Well, for more information, let's go to Ksat News for the report, please. And I feed, a mother is accused of supporting her son as he allegedly planned a violent attack at an S-A-I-S-D middle school. Not to be clear, that attack never happened. But now we're gonna show you who we're talking about. This right here is 33-year-old Ashley Pardo.


She's being charged with aiding in commission of terrorism. Now, records show that she bought ammunition, magazines and tactical gear for her son who had expressed a desire to carry out acts of mass violence at Rhodes Middle School. What San Antonio Police say that that student showed up to the school on Monday wearing a mask and camouflage jacket and also tactical pants. But left shortly after he got there, the student was later found off campus and charged with terrorism. San Antonio, IST says the school added extra security and also swept that campus for potential devices. By the way, this isn't the first time that that student had been in trouble with the law and with school. Police say that in the past, law enforcement, school leaders and child protective services had approached Pardo about her son's behavior Every day.


I understand why Jesus ain't come back. For What? Why? What would be Jesus' reason to come back to this crazy ass planet who ejaculated in this woman who shot this woman's club up? Everybody don't need to breed. We have to stop lying to each other. America. Everyone should not have the right to breed or raise a child. All I'm seeing is a generational pattern of foolishness. Ashley clearly needed some help growing up, didn't get it. And now she's raising a young man who clearly has issues, who clearly needs some deep therapy and he's not getting it because his mom is too busy encouraging his violent expressions. Look, if you want to encourage your child's violent expressions, right? You want to encourage your son's violent expressions.


Let him go learn how to box MMA bad knuckle boxing. Let him go learn judo, karate. There's a bunch of ways this kid can go be violent, okay, Hal, let him go play football. There's a good chance he might end up being the next Aaron Hernandez, or he might just end up being a great defensive player with a nasty mean streak who loves to hit and get hit because of his violent expressions. Okay? This is why it's perfectly okay to tell your little dumb ass kid that they can't be everything they want to be okay? You can't be anything you want to be. That language is too broad, okay? You can do anything. You put your mind to kids really well. I wanna be a mass shooter.


Anything but that. She bought her son tactical gear in ammunition in exchange for babysitting his younger siblings. Number one, you trusting him around your other children. Okay? Number two, you should have been spending money on his therapy and then spending money on whatever hand to hand combat he gravitated towards. Matter of fact, he was in middle school. Put him in ROTC and tell him, Hey, when you're 18 you can enlist in the military. Okay? Let him join one of those special forces or mercenary groups. There's a lot of ways he can express himself violently, but I cannot believe that I have to get on this radio and tell people that they shouldn't encourage or motivate their children to be mass shooters. Now, Ashley was charged with aiding in the commission of terrorism and she was taken into custody on Monday and she earned it.


Okay, stop. Gentle parenting. All right. Gentle parenting sometimes blurs the line between kindness and permissiveness. And once again, I can't believe I have to tell you this, but you cannot give your kids permission to be mass shooters. Please let Remy ma give Ashley Pardo the biggest Heehaw Heehaw hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Mm. What is The World coming to? What You think, Jess? Yo, you was crazy. All right, well that, thank you for that Doning day talking About what's your thing? What you think.


People look crazy. All right, thank you for that Doning. The day. Was that a, was that a Jay-Z impersonation? And I Was just impersonate Jess. That didn impersonate. I didn't sound like Jess. No. Oh, He did sound like Jay Z. Alright, well up next is just fix my mess. He, he is crazy. What? That just sounded like you said No, he did not say nothing. But no damn did he But just fix my mess is next 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need relationship advice or any type of advice, call Jess right now. Drink your water. Drink your, oh my goodness. Drink your double damn water. Jess had a great time in Atlanta Last night. You, you want to be out with the wretched in Atlanta having big fun. I Swear running Around with Louis V.


Okay. Yeah, but I had, and he a program director at 96.1 to be in Atlanta at least. Well you lucky you number one, Louis V at least, if not, I'll be screaming DEI higher because look at what you're doing. At least this is a better school than the school y'all at. That is not School. Your principal in there drunk drunken sleep right now? Yes it is. Okay. The principle of 96.1. The beat is in that drunken sleep right now. And then on another note before we go, I just got a picture of you just sleeping with a CD in your hand. Why do you have a CD in your hand? Yo, This man really got CDs and his car DJ Louis V. Like he took it back. He got CD rums in his car. I'm like, yo, you don't even have a CD play. Why you got CDs just out here laying around?


I don't know what's wrong with him. Well why was you hugging it like a teddy bear? I Went to sleep and he put it right there and Nah, you calling on that cd. Oh, Oh, oh, oh. But I don't even know what it is. What is it y'all? What CD was it? Yeah, some Butt Nigga Jams or something. I don't Know what's up. Naked Jams. But Naked Jams. That dude sound like a CD from the nineties. Butt. Nigga Jams Ball one. Oh my goodness. Volume one. Volume one. Just fix my mess Up. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good boy. The Breakfast Club Nick, me. It's the real deal. Help Me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it, fix it, fix it, fix it.


Just gonna fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real Morning everybody, it's D-E-J-N-V Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got Steve on the line. Steve, what's your question for Jess? All right, what's going on Jess? So look, check us out. So me and my girl have been going out for four years and you know I ain't never wanted to do this. So I had to like one night her phone was open, right? And there was a message from another person. So I looked on there and he was talking about, I love you and all this type of stuff. And I'm like, bro, who the heck could this be? You know what I'm saying? I had all this trust and stuff towards to my girl. So you know, I, I would never thought this would ever happen, you know what I'm saying?


Far as with her texting, we were going together for like four years And I confronted her that morning and she was like, oh that's just a friend and we just been friends and all that. You don't have to worry about him. So how you think I should go about that? Yo, He done hit now. So Emini here. What's the point? Damn Emini here? Yeah. Why? Why you think he hit? Why you think he hit? Oh No, he talking about lover and all that. What you mean you, she done? Yeah. You ain't gotta worry. She, she told you you ain't gotta worry about him. 'cause she done hit and she pro and she probably, she probably ain't enjoy it sexually. This is Jess. Fix my mess. Jess, what do you think? I'm helping Jess? 'cause I think, I think wish y'all aint said was right For Real. Yo.


He, she already. Why Y'all think she hit though? Like Emini here? That could Be just a Man. Yo, the guy said I don say like that. The guy said I love.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Peace to the planet Charlemagne. Tha God here. Look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree. Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition in degree. Listen, they admitted they eped up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing. You keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is back. May 16th on Paramount Plus this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime playing. Love You. Yo. Got you. He might not. He might. Well he said, I love you. Damn. And I And I gotta pack it up, pack it up and you leave. And That's what you get for going through her phone. Why would you go through her phone? You know she was cheating on you. You knew You just wanted confirmation. You right, you just wanted confirmation. You, you, your, your male instinct.


See we always talk about the women instinct. Your male instinct told you that she was cheating on you and now you got confirmation, but you don't wanna leave. There you Go. And what was she saying? There you go. That, why did she keep saying, 'cause I'm sure you asked her. What did she keep saying? She was just more aggressive. She was just more aggressive with the stuff. It was just like, man, you don't have to worry about this. It's just a friend and all that. I'm like man, why you so mad fool? Yeah. Nah, that's 'cause you blew our cap like you was being Nosy. I'm sorry Steve. Oh, okay fine. Now You got sign. Alright Man. Well y'all have a nice day man. Alright. I'm gonna get up outta there. I'm gonna hit the road Jack. Absolutely. You got to. You deserve better King. Alright, thank y'all. Y'all have a nice day. You welcome Jess. Fix my mess. Maybe 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Jess is here.


She's a little intoxicated. A Little yo. Stop telling everybody business all the time. They can hear it. God damn bro. They Gonna think something else happened. They don't. No they not. Yo. They yo. I know that sound like a stud today. I know, I understand. It's sound like a Stud. Any other time you Just say no I don't. You do this Got Extra study today. That's Extra study today. Yeah that's all. Because that's how I stand when I get ho go. No, that's how you sound when you leave Magic City after seeing all them women. And you like, damn yo. Hurry, Listen nigga. Period. Listen. Shout out the yo. Hey, who do we have on the line Andre? Yeah, what's going on Izzy? What's your question for Jess bro? What's up Man? What am I supposed to do about my baby mother? She keeps talking about having, wanting to have another baby. We already got two of And I try to ignore at first but it seems like it's getting worse and worse.


She bringing it up. She done told my mother. I'm like, man, I don know how to talk to her because she real passionate about it. You, you just gotta talk to her. You just gotta tell her like, babe, I don't think we, why Well, why don't you want any more kids right now? I can't afford 'em. It's just too much. No, I'm in a good space. We got a 10 and a 5-year-old. I got a good career. You know the money I make right now driving trucks, I got enough so we can pay the bills and still have fun with all of us. Yeah, I feel like we gonna take away from that. We got a good little balance right now And I ain't trying to have no newborn in the house right now. Damn. Yeah, well you gotta tell her just like that And then she man She crazy. She crazy. For real.


Well you, well you gotta look This what you gotta do. Just pull out every time. Pull out every time. What? Pull out. That's all you got Andre. Good luck man. Just have, just have a conversation with it. Tell her you don't want her any more kids and tell her the reason why. Thank you man. We love The Breakfast Club man. Love you too. Y'all By the way, it's really that simple like, you know we act like it. Don't take two to have a baby. Just tell her like I'm man I really don't want to have another kid right now. Right. That's all. Yeah. I like the balance that we got right now. And if she don't care just pull out You stupid. Matt. What's up Matt? Good morning DJ Vy just hilarious. Emini here. What's up? Shout. What's your question for Jess?


So my question comes stem from Mother's Day every year I struggle to please both my mom and my wife and we kind of argued about who should be the celebrated the most. Like who should got the best gifts. I made a mistake one year getting kind of similar gifts. My wife was mad And I agree with her. You know your wife is your wife and she's mother, she should be celebrated first. But when I got to asking different people, I'm hearing mixed results. Like from the older generation saying, no, she's your mother, she gave birth to you, she should be celebrated. So my question is, justice is what's the correct answer? And I know justice from Baltimore and she's around my age so I'm guessing she's gonna say the wife for sure. But it was just interesting how other people were saying, nah, your mother gave birth to you.


Your wife is mother kids. So your mom gave birth to you. So wait, you said they're asking you what, who do you give a gift to? Well they both a gift but who should be celebrated more? Who should be celebrating? Asked your mother more than your wife or your mother or Mother's Day Is for Mother's Day. Yeah. Why is that even a question? Well, because the mistake I made was giving my mom a gift that was the same as my wife that was making a mistake I made, but then the question was like, well she's my actual mother. Should I even be so let's raise my wife as mu as my mother. No I don't, I don't, I listen. That don't make sense. It don't make sense. That's two different, they're two different Types of love.


Yeah. Yeah. Your mother and your wife shouldn't be competing over Mother's Day. Yeah. You show 'em the same amount of love. Yeah, The the whole, that shouldn't even be an argument. You know, you love your wife, you celebrate her on Mother's Day, you love your mother. That's a different type of love. That's who birthed you. You know? And, and your wife is who you are committed to. That's your partner like in life. So both of them deserve to be celebrated on Mother's Day is not about who's celebrated more. That shouldn't even be an argument. Well I guess the right question is how do you find that balance? 'cause one day you got mom, wife, grandma. Now how do y'all do it? So please everybody. I I don't celebrate none of 'em then. Nah, you know that's not gonna rock. You know, that's not gonna rock.


You used to celebrate both of them. I took my mother and my wife's what you gotta to a play like you celebrate both of 'em. You have dinner and have your wi your wife and your mother there. Like Yeah. Unless they beefing with each other. Unless they don't like each other. Right. You should celebrate both of them. That makes sense. That makes sense. I don know, I don't know why this is complicated for you. Yeah. It just don't Sense. You know the, the floral company delivers flowers to all the different addresses. Okay. If everybody get along you can take everybody to dinner. Like I don't see what the problem is And don't feel guilty. You keep talking about, you said that you did something for your mother. You made the mistake of doing something for your mother. I I really couldn't hear you but it's never a mistake. You know, it's fine. You did something for both of them. It's not an issue. Yeah. I have one more quick question about this girl. Like how do you get girls to listen when you ask them for quick favors?


Like she keeps telling me she's going to do it and she ain't do it. Women don't listen bro like that. They just don't listen. It's okay. Accept that. Yeah we, we know That right? Yeah. To Baltimore, two step by three or four times. Oh And my friend, I don't understand that she don't want to do it or she don't like me or she just don't wanna tell me no on the call. Women don't listen but This girl not gonna do it. And she promised me, Hey you know what's so funny? Whenever women do things for us, we think it's because we asked them to. Or like whenever women do something that we've been talking about, they think it's because they was actually listening to us. No they did it 'cause they finally felt like doing it in that moment. Crazy. That's all. So Justin you prove them wrong that you're gonna do it or you just gonna do what drama says The girls just don't listen Yo, I'm gonna do it.


I got you. I promise I'm gonna do it. It's the fifth time donkey today. Ain't none of y'all back me up. Only DJ said you ain't do it. I'm gonna do it. She ain't gonna do it today 'cause she intoxicated today. But thank you Jess for Jess fixing my mess Kind of shorter almost. Thank you. Thank you. You are welcome up. Next we got the latest with Lauren. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face tell off she gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into Details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She'd be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So this news is breaking right now. Chris Brown was just arrested at his hotel in Manchester over in London over a bottle attack in the nightclub. So the reports via the Sun and Daily Mail are that the Met Police arrested Chris Brown at 2:00 AM at the Lowry Hotel in Manchester now. And they say that this arrest comes because of an incident that happened back in February of 2023 where he allegedly got into it with a music producer.


And the music producer alleged that he was hit with a bottle and there was like a whole fight. So what they're reporting is that Chris Brown flew into Manchester Airport on a private jet yesterday afternoon and then they became aware of his presence in the uk. So the son reached out to police there and they asked was Chris Brown under arrest? And the me detectives then said that they traveled to Manchester where they arrested Chris Brown at the hotel. They say that he was taken into custody and is thought to have been taken to a police station for questioning the Met Police re-released this. A 36-year-old man was arrested at a hotel Manchester shortly after 200 hours on Thursday the 15th of May. On suspicion of grievous bodily harm, he has been taken into custody where he remains.


The arrest relates to an incident at a venue in Hanover Square on the 19th of February, 2023. And again that incident that they're talking about is when the music producer said that it was an unprovoked attack that happened on him allegedly around three 3:00 AM when Chris Brown and his entourage were at a club called Dirty Martini and they got into it. So that is breaking right now. So there will be some updates there. That's crazy. Free him right now. Y'all Go ahead Jess. Just About to fly out there and and bail him out herself. Period. Yeah, she was like, what happened? Like you would've thought that this was her real man when I said it in the room. Like what happened? Free him Right now. That's crazy.


Yeah, because this Happened so long ago. It did. I don't know if maybe they were just waiting for him to get closer to bring him in for the question or how that works. 'cause why can't you arrange something like that would would've been my question. But you Don't live in that country. Yeah, but You still know he's Chris Brown. You can know how to get to him to say, Hey we need you to turn yourself in for the question. Yeah. You can't back. They don't reach out. That's crazy. He should Have. He should have known when he went back to the country that they had a warrant for him. Yeah because it, they had to be leading up because this guy it, he was alleging Chris Brown hit him over the head with a bottle and at the entourage like got to kicking him on the floor and then he had to go to the hospital. He crushes it was like a whole thing, but yes, No he didn't. That's He kicked him while he was on the floor.


Alleg. That's what they mean as alleging. He's alleging that Chris Brown and his entourage no. Smashed him over the head with a bottle and then punched him and kicked him as he laid on the floor. That's crazy. Two or three times. Yes. And Chris Brown was there because he has 10 dates coming up in the area. So Yes. Yeah, he was flying in to get ready for that and Sold out. Okay. I know that's right. Yeah. So there'll be some updates there. Now switching gears to some other beefs. Tamar Braxton and Lonnie love the drama continues. The saga continues. Tamar Braxton was on a Nene leak show and that she was talking about where she's at right now with Lonnie Love and the whole real situation. And she had this to say about Lonnie Love.


Let's take a listening to Tamar on Lonnie Love. I was asked to be on the rail and this was in the beginning of the process of them casting. I I I'm sure it was Tamar and the other girls, but I was asked to be one of the first girls from the show. First originally started. I had the contract And I ended up not doing the real and they ended up casting Lonnie Love. I was on Real Housewives of Atlanta. So I just did not do the real, but Tamar ultimately did the real, I wish They would've told me. Really? Yeah. Wow. In creating the show. That's why I'm saying I wish she would've told me that. 'cause I wouldn't have cast a big, big Cadillac. I'm finna get ready to leave. We probably be in our 10th season by now.


Thanks. Ain't that dumb. I can't believe they still talking about the real but I get, I I get it 'cause it's Nene's story and you know Nene would've been damn good. She I said that. I'm like yo, she been So fire on the re Yeah Can I, what did she call her Big back Cadillac? A big back Cadillac. Hey, can I hear it again? I didn't I didn't hear it. You didn't hear it? I heard it but it was so fast. I wouldn't have cast a big back Cadillac. I'm fitting in Red. Oh she said big back Cadillac. Yes. Yes. What She doing? I thought she said big black Cadillac. I was confused either Way. It's horrible. Damn Tamar. You think listen. No, she said it a couple times Too. No, Tamar, you think Lonnie's a whole Escalade like damn A seven seater.


Lonnie not that big though. That that, that that's wrong. Nah, nah, nah. You can't call somebody a whole ESV with maximum cargo capacity. That's just Charlemagne If they that Big. No, that's wrong. No, but Lonnie ain't that big. But the car description and the amount of seats in the rows of three doors, no, Because I, no, I used because I'm, I I've, I used to have a 2002 Cadillac and it had 300,000 miles on it. So I like Cadillac truck. So the only, the truck that's big is the ESV. That's the the biggest one they got. That's right. So when you talk about the cargo capacity that had got in the back, that would look wide like a big back. It would be that. Well Lonnie ain't no big back Cadillac now What is she like? Huh? You heard of if you could home, you can What's She like? Lonnie is a, a great person, you know, can And she's also a comedian.


Yes. So Lonnie don't get offended. You gotta return fire. She not, yeah, she not return fire. What did jokes at? She not, you know, 'cause big back Cadillac is hilarious. Oh my goodness. Wrong but hilarious. And the wait tape Mar said you heard how they got quiet. She brought it back in again. She said it again after, after, after they got quiet. She, she brought it back in. She said Yeah, she just was casual. Oh she had that one waiting the cut. She was casually big back Cadillac like she just kept bringing back in. But you remember, y'all remember that one moment where same was saying somebody said she looked like a Muppet and Lee and Lonnie love looked like she wanted to bust out laughing And Timor probably never forgot that. Yeah, Lonnie just got a return fire.


This is all, you can't, don't let nobody call you a big back Cadillac got lon and if you are then you like a XT five or XT six. You ain't the goddamn big Escalade. Yeah, you ain't the big joint. You know what Emini here you gonna Have us googling all the different big Back Cadillac. That's is The big one. I would say like the Ones are the smaller versions. Those are like the hybrid, like A full runner. Like a full runner. Jesus Christ, big back Cadillac. All right Jess did you Just say Pathfinder? Big back Cadillac Runner. Oh my God. Just Where the jokes. Lonnie, I don't like when comedians get offended. I want comedians to come with the joke. She not offended Tamar? Not even. Oh she not offended? No. Oh okay. 'cause Tamar not a comedian. She just funny. So if you going be funny, I'm gonna be funny too. That's all Gonna say something.


Lauren, ain't you going back to the courthouse today? Yes Lord. But the did he case? Yes. Long days. I'm going back today and the prosecution is going to Emini here. The defense is gonna get their chance Diddy's attorney to, to come and have a conversation with Cassie. And after the claim she made yesterday, baby I am like clenching my pearls for her. I that I seen something else that was trending yesterday that they said that she explained this the time where they said that they were cordial and and Diddy allegedly raped her. Yes. What happened there? So she said that after she had kind of got away from, not got away, but after she had finally stopped dealing with him, they were in a good space. They used to check in on each other. One day they decided to go to dinner. She said for her the dinner was closure. They went out, it was fun, they had a good time. He went back to her place and during the time that he was at her place, she says that he raped her on the floor in her apartment.


That's what she alleges. Right. So then after that she, she saw him again like in a matter of weeks. She saw him again after that she hung out with him. Agreed to voluntarily? No, She was still with Alex. Fine during this time allegedly. Right. She wasn't with him exclusively from the way she made it seem they were dating though. Okay. Sh the excl, her getting with him exclusively didn't happen until after that. But I believe that they're definitely gonna bring that up because even after this whole like, you know what she alleges with the rape after that. They then once she now gets with Alex, fine, there's conversations between her and Puff where Puff is like, yo, you owe me some money. We've seen those text messages they came out with after her lawsuit was filed, he wanted money back because he was paying Alex fine at one point to be her fitness trainer. And he's like, run me my money for what?


I paid him since session, man. And stop playing with me because there's skeletons in your closet. You know, you got a lot of work on these tablets and these laptops. So again, that's him threatening her with those videos. And, and, and the prosecution said, well what do you think he meant by that? And she said, the videos are the freak off. Like that was always the thing that they went back to. I seen People saying that in the comments that, you know, how could she be raped one day and then a week later have consensual sex with him? And she, she explained that too, right? She said that if you love somebody for over 10 plus years, you can't just let that go. Who are we to Emini here? Emini here. I was gonna say, who are we to judge? It needs to be a jury but it literally is a jury that is judging that. But it Emini here. It was crazy hearing it though. Like 10, 11 years for me personally, I don't, I couldn't go back to somebody that allegedly raped me.


I don't care how many years we spent together, I couldn't do that. But again, it's not for me to judge, right? I'm just a ear in the court. You know, there is no way Diddy's defense team will not, will, will, will, will come off Not looking like monsters. Yo, there is no way Diddy's defense team will come off not looking like monsters when they go back at Cassie. There's no way Diddy's defense team can press Cassie without admitting Diddy did commit crimes. And Cassie already said a lot of these things, you know, she did, she did want to do until she didn't. Yeah. But it but it also doesn't mean that they weren't committing crimes. Yes. So I don't know what Diddy's defense team can do in this situation. I think I wrote a list yesterday of everything.


I think they're gonna lean into. I think they're gonna lean into her 'cause the way she set up how she asked for or why she asked for the money, I think they're gonna try and make it seem more like a shakedown vengeful. I think they gonna bring up the timeline of the men she was dealing with. 'cause even with Kid Cudi, she says I was at a freak off and then I went to Kid Cudi. So they, they're gonna try and bring in like the timeline men she was dealing with to show like, okay you were lying to him too and causing him to be this upset That don't no, that I I get what you're saying but that don't that justify anything. He did that At all. It doesn't but I think that's where they gonna go. I think that definitely gonna lean into the fact that she's admitted that she's placed calls to escorts, that they have her on text asking to do free calls. So she was part of this criminal enterprise. Yeah. But if you're trying to prove that he wasn't running a criminal enterprise, you jamming yourself up With it.


That's why I said yesterday, defense Emini here And I get what y'all saying, that it's too early to make an indefinite decision. But I always, I preface my, I always preface pre, I always make sure I say before I say how I felt at the end of the day, that word that was dope back just the hell was I gave up. Like just right now on this show, it's okay. She just avoid mission. It's Cool. Exactly. I just, I, because at the end of the day when you leave you do have a feeling of like, oh shoot, this is how I feel today. Yesterday when I left I felt like, yo, I yeah, Your feelings gonna change as you hear more, more Facts. Yeah. Like I don't think that everything that they trying to throw at him is gonna stick. But I definitely think that even through her testimony and through them doing their cross, they're gonna have to admit to something. Well Here's the thing, Lauren, you and by the way I don't you're I'm just being objective here.


Go ahead. You said that everything that they throw at him is not gonna stick. It's only day three, right? Yeah. You don't know what day Throwing Lord and day four, day five, day six, my opinion is gonna change and I'm be right here talking about, but you Got eight weeks is what I'm saying. But You gotta get to court now. Yeah. I gotta get to court now. Yeah. But I think that people need to be real about having a feeling once you hear and you see all this stuff and it's okay. And What about this last question, what about the enablers? 'cause Emini here I'm hearing that there were a lot of people there that actually seen him allegedly beat her and kick her and stomp her out. Oh God. Lemme tell y'all One story about those people real quick. They D Rock who they keep bringing up in court who was the head of Puff Security and he's a really good friend of Diddy's. She talked about one time where she was beat so bad they couldn't even check her into a hotel because they didn't want her to walk into a hotel.


So she had to hide out at Diddy's house and she would come downstairs and Diddy's house alone. And like one time he said to her, my sons are here. I don't want you to see them. I don't want them to see you like this. Go put on more makeup. Right? Mm. And she said that time when, when D Rock and them saw her after that incident, D Rock and J Cruz was another person working for Diddy. They literally were in tears when they saw her and she went to D Rock in his wife's home because they would kind of, you know, just help her out a bit. And, but she still went back that next day. Like after she left D Rock and his wife's house, she went to P'S house and she was, you know, and even after the Kid Cudi stuff, she went to P'S house and she's getting ready for these events and we're seeing her on carpets and stuff. But yeah, there were, there were a ton of people that they were bringing And I don't know, Emini here.


I guess that is, you're complicit in watching it happen. But yeah. Below. Yeah. Yeah. But Emini here, it was sad. I was gonna say why they didn't say nothing. It's a lot of people I'm sure that didn't say things. Yeah, that's crazy. Alright. Yeah, it was really bad. Well, thank you. Well you're go headed back to court now and then we'll see you tomorrow as you give us some more updates. Appreciate you all. That's the latest with Lauren. Now let's get to the mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I gotta remind you guys again the 7 5 7. We'll see you July 19th for my car show. Family Fun Day Kids Five and Under are free to Drive Your Dreams Car Show with the BBS boys. We doing Old school, new school. It's gonna be an amazing event. If you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets.


And if you wanna put your car in the show, your bike, your truck or be a vendor, you can email us at dj Envy car show@gmail.com. Again, that's DJ Envy car show@gmail.com. Now salute to my sister Jess, who's in Atlanta right now who Absolutely Had a night. She had a time last night. I had a time. Yo. Shout out to everybody in Atlanta. Shout out to Magic City. Just ja, I love you that this a stripper just Jaw's a Stripper. Yeah, she's A stripper. I I was raised sad and she and that's her Instagram name y'all. So shout up to J ja Yo. J Ja got you open. J Ja means you wanna pull that strap out, huh? Straight up up. Not, I don't need the strap shorty. So, so what You I ain't, I ain't one of them.


I ain't never need no strap ever. Okay. Okay. But this weekend Atlantic City, I will be at Harris Casino. Get your tickets@justharrisofficial.com y'all. That's all I Got. And I want to salute everybody I saw last night. I went to go see, I went to go see Wicked on Broadway last night. How'd you like it? I'm gonna be honest with you, I was in and outta sleep. 'cause you know we be up early in the morning, but I, what I saw, I enjoyed my kids loved it though. Yeah. Like my 9-year-old and a 6-year-old, really, really enjoyed it. But Emini here, from what I saw, it was a very good place. I saw a lot of it. I don't wanna act like I was just, and it wasn't boring, I just was tired as a mother effort. That was good show, but it was really good. So slu, everybody who performed in Wicked on Broadway, man, Tal Luther Shamia Morton for joining us.


You know her from The Real Housewives of Atlanta. If you haven't seen that full interview, definitely check it out on YouTube. She breaks down a lot of the stuff that she's been going through on this show. So if you watch the show and you're a fan of the show, you'll get a lot of the information that you need by watching that interview. So salute to Shamia. Absolutely. Now you got A positive note. I do man. I just want to tell everybody that we are our choices. It's really just that simple. We are our choices man. And you know, I really want to talk to the brothers right now. I just want the brothers to know that when you heal your choices, stop coming from pain and start coming from Clarity. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all


done? Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss, I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos. That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mass and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic


Moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old cent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's anti per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.