
This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke Zero. Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So, yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com For more.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


As a kid, I really do remember having these dreams and visions, but you just don't know what is gonna come for you. Alicia shares her wisdom on growth, gratitude, and the power of love. I forgive myself. It's okay. Have grace with yourself. You're trying your best and you're gonna figure out the rhythm of this thing. Alicia Keys, like you've never heard her before. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zuniga. On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same As Melrose's Place was introduced to The World. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So Listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet is Tuesday. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. What's happening? How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's up, Jess? How you feeling? I feel good. Good? Yes. What you did yesterday, hungry. You look good. Thank, Professional. Thank you. Thank you so much. I went home and went to sleep. Y'all tired? I went home. Real Went to sleep. Tired? Yes. Because I told you I had a real packed weekend and then I, I was only running off of two hours of sleep. But it's all good though. You're grown and you're a mother of two. Damnit. Yes. Okay.


Yes. And my baby, my son don't feel well. Like You know this. This season's changing. So strep throat is out there. So y'all make sure y'all stomach virus. Yes. Y'all, y'all taking kids? Yes. Tell 'em to wear coats. I know why we got these warm days in November, but remember, it's November, right? You got warm hours. The seasons are changing daily. Yeah. It feels like you can go outside and at 12 o'clock it'll be one season, and then at 12 30, 1 o'clock It's a whole nother season. Yes. Yeah. So, and Ashton loved, loved to wear the shorts and the hoodie. I'm like, yo, you Uhuh. You not white. He's one of those You, know what I'm saying? One of those. Yeah. He gets coated. You know white people get away with that. Right. They don't ever get sick off that. Yeah. You need to cover up your whole body. So White people might have been right.


I'm gonna be honest with you about what? Because when you think about the way the temperature is now, it do feel like wearing a hoodie and shorts. Yeah. Because it'd be warm at one point, and then it'd be cool at another point. So they might have had it right this whole time. Then that's how you wake up with your throat scratchy. Might got time for that. Yeah. Well, Ferg will be joining us today. Ferg got a new album. It's called Darryl. I'm talking ASAP Ferg. He, yeah. I feel Like he still gotta say Asap. asap. Yeah. But yeah, his, his name is Ferg now. He dropped the asap, but then again, His name was always Ferg. Right. But it was ASAP Ferg was his rap name. Yes. Right. Because of the ASAP Mob. Right. So he wants to be addressed Is just Ferg. Just Ferg. Okay. Just Ferg now. Even though his Instagram still says ASAP Ferg. Yeah. But he just wants to be addressed as Ferg. We gonna talk to him in a little bit. His album, Darryl came out last week and we got front page news.


When we come back, Morgan Wood will be joining us. She'll be breaking down everything that's happening with our presidency. And, and there's some there's a new vote you were talking about, huh? Yeah, but I, I don't want to get into that yet. No, I just read about it this morning. I, I thought may have thought maybe Morgan as, so we'll talk about it when we come back to The. Breakfast Club. Morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Last night in Monday night Football, the Dolphins beat the Rams. 2315 Now. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Envy. Charlamagne, Jess. Hey girl. Peace's Morgan. Good. Okay. Alright. So before we get into the political political spectrum of the transition, let's talk about yesterday.


President Biden marked his final Veteran's Day as Commander-in-chief at Arlington National Cemetery yesterday morning. He says the country has a sacred obligation to those who have served and their families. He also bragged about what his administration has done for veterans, and he also spoke about his late son. Be, let's hear more from President Biden at Arlington National Cemetery yesterday. Prepare those we send into harm's way and to care for them and their families when they return home and when they don't. Together, we pass more than 30 bipartisan laws to support our veterans and their families, caregivers and survivors. We brought veterans homelessness down to a record low.


Our son, Bo Biden, deployed Iraq for a year with the Delaware National Guard. I still remember the day he asked me to pin his bars on him. He stood ramrod straight. How proud Jill And I our entire family felt. Yeah. So speaking of Veterans Day sports analyst, Michael Strahan, he didn't put his hand over his heart during the National Anthem at Sunday's, NFL on Fox broadcast. And that didn't sit well with a lot of people online. He faced some backlash and some criticism in regards to that. He kept his hands in front of him, just You know, holding one hand in the other while everyone else next to him put their hand over their heart. Now, many thought it was disrespectful, particularly for a Veteran's Day program. Strahan, a former professional football player, grew up in a military family, and he posted a tribute to the veterans and his family on social media on Monday, calling their selfless service beyond measure.


What do you guys think about that? Should You know when the National Anthem plays? Because here we go again. And we've seen it many a times in NFL when Kaepernick took a knee, when the National Anthem plays is there are certain things that you're supposed to do. Take your hat off, put your arm over your heart, anything like that. I mean, they say that, but in my opinion, and this is just my opinion, don don't really feel like it's a big deal. Like I really don't. Yeah, you can honor the troops. So you want to honor the troops. Yeah. I mean, most people take their hats off, but you can honor the troops the way you want to. You say you grew up in a military family posted, I mean, I'm sure he has his reasons, So it's not, it's not a big deal. Okay, cool. Is There a fine, there's a fine or something. Oh, okay. No, No. He's just facing a little backlash about it.


It, and on the topic, Did anybody ask him why? That's The thing. Like as he asked his reasons, I'm sure like everybody jumped to these conclusions, but did anybody ask him why it might, he might not even have been thinking about it. It might not even have been intentional. I mean, I don't know. I'm just saying like, did anybody even bother to ask him why? I think as long as he was standing up, You know it shouldn't have been a problem. He stood up his, there was no hat on his head. Like you said, envy. So there's that. But keeping in on track with the or on topic with Veterans Day, even though it was yesterday, history was made. Abolitionists Harriet Tubman can now be called General. In my great state of Maryland, Maryland, governor Westmore announced har he, yes, a veteran state ceremony that Tubman has been posthumously commissioned as a one star Bria Deer General in the Maryland National Guard.


Now, he also spoke to reporters after the ceremony where he called Tubman one of the greatest patriots he's ever seen. Let's hear more from Westmore on Harriet Tubman. We honor that legacy with an honor that puts on paper what we've always known in our hearts. That our leader in acts deserved a star on her shoulder the whole time. This is a person who is one of the greatest Marylanders we've ever known, and someone who was willing to risk her own freedom, her own safety, her own life, in order to, to help others. I mean, that is, that is patriotism. That's heroism. And so it's only appropriate that we now have a general Harriet Tubman. Yeah. If Harriet Tubman ain't no general don don't know who is Gangsta.


For real. So during the last general assembly session, state lawmakers, Maryland State lawmakers passed legislation allowing the governor to award the commission appoint or promotion to an awardee after their death. Now, Tubman is of course known as the conductor of the Underground Railroad, which helped lead slaves. I believe she led more than a 750 slaves to freedom by herself and more You know through, through the Underground Railroad. She also served as a union army, served in the Union Army during the Civil War and as a spy scout nurse and cook. So yeah, she is multifaceted. Governor Moore, major general Janine Birkhead and Tubman's descendants participated in a ceremony that honored Harriet Tubman, underground Railroad State Park and Visitor Center in Church Creek, Maryland yesterday morning.


So history was made yesterday on Veteran's Day for that, the late great Harriet Tubman. Okay. That's up. Alright, well thank you Morgan. No, you're welcome. And we'll get into all the nitty gritty of what's happening into the transition of Donald Trump into his second term as President at 7:00 AM It's, it's sticky, y'all. It's sticky. So stick around for more front page news. We do Have 60 seconds. So I do have one question. I, I've seen everybody online talking about Biden stepping down and allowing Kamala Harris to be president for the 60 days, the last 60 days. Have y'all heard that? Have y'all seen that? No. I just think, I think that's foolishness. I have heard about it. I have not heard anything that is actually substantial regarding that.


What's The point? What would be the point of that to, To actually allow Kamala to have that historic moment? And I mean, I think that's Complete foolishness. Do You really? Yes. You know what I would rather see, I'd rather see Sotomayor retire. Oh. And, and then they potentially put Kamala Harris on the Supreme Court. Bakari Seller's proposed that idea. I think that is a, a, a more substantial, solid thing to do then step down and let her symbolically be the president for 60 days. I disagree. I think she should definitely. Man, y'all like symbols. Y'all like symbolism. She didn't, that's the problem. Like, oh, it's not symbolism. I like substance. Y'all really don't wanna hear what I gotta say about You know how the pre You know how the presidency in the election really panned out.


Y'all ain't really gonna hear what I gotta say. I I I just don't see what's the point. What's the point of him stepping down and then making her the president for 60 days or 70 days? What's the point of that? Just to ask. It is the symbolism behind it. You're absolutely right. It's the symbolism of sexism is what it is. We could, we could put racism to the saff for just a little bit. The symbolism Sex Straight. Yes. It's be, it's Why Would we want a symbolism of sexism? No, it's breaking the glass ceiling of sexism. Like the bottom line is we have an we haven't. Okay. You, we said we only had, Yeah. I would rather see Sar ma saw de Mao retire and then than make the VP put her on the Supreme Court. Ari Seller for that idea. Break the ceiling. I like that. Break The ceiling. Biden ceiling. I gal. All right gal, get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this Morning? My name is Darl. I'm in North Virginia, also Jersey for 27 years. I wanna respond to the comment about Kamala Harris. First of all, again, good morning Breakfast Club. I love you guys. It's, we out listening to you guys, man, every morning. I love listening To you. Can you take us off of Bluetooth for speak if you got us ons?


Little choppy. Alright, One second. So again, good morning Breakfast Club, man. I love you guys, man. Good morning. Just started listening to you about a month ago. You know, so I switched over to you guys in the morning. But listen, man, I understand about even, even if they don't do it, sending Kamala Harris to the president for 60 days, symbolism is important. Yeah. Maybe they can't do both. They can give her Supreme Court too, but Donald Trump's not gonna do that. He's not gonna point to that in the meantime. It's symbolic to give her the presidency for other people to see that. Yeah. First they did break the glass ceiling for, for sexism. And also, yeah, you still can, can make it You know it, it inspires other, other young people, other young girls, little girls and women especially that they can also accomplish great things.


So it You know. I think that they should if they do that, that that would be awesome if they did that. But Darryl, does it inspire if she didn't win? Yeah. That's not breaking the glass ceiling. She's American. Didn't vote her in. Yeah, she, She didn't get voted in. I know she didn't win. But again, that's, that's why's symbolism, symbolism You know what I'm saying? Because it's, it's to defy what they did. Yeah. Symbolism that it, it takes a old white man to be the savior and once again, and give us a symbol for 60 days. And then what, like, I'm just asking, I'm just asking say like 60 days and then what, how does, what does that change? Man? Listen. Every, every, because every big counts man. Every, every move, every step forward counts. Well, You know Kamala, if that's You know Kamala Harris has already been president.


Remember when Joe Biden had to have that surgery for an hour and some chain? No, for real. She was acting president for hour win. Some wasn't, wasn't chain. Y'all don't like that. It wasn't official, man. Oh My God. But listen Man. Hey, listen, I, I hear you much. I just wanted to say that, man. So again, shout not for Norfolk, Virginia and also for New Brunswick, New Jersey, man. Love you guys, man. Have a great day. Listen, If it for 80, if if for 85 minutes Kamala Harris became the first woman with presidential power like that. I, I forgot when it was, but yes. So, so, so if that didn't count, what would the next 60 days count? Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's going on? Breakfast Club. My name is Mr. AP and this is my first time getting through and I'm glad I got through 'cause I got something to get off my chest.


Charlamagne, I need you to step to the front of the congregation, man, because this is definitely for you, man. Listen, tell this out Charlamagne, every single morning I listen to you. Right? You come on to show and you give your opinion. The opinions are valid sometimes and sometimes they're not. I just listen to you give your opinion as to something. And then Morgan was talking and you keep cutting her off. Charlamagne, why do you have to cut people off? Why can't you get your point out and allow people to talk and have an open conversation? And that's me getting my, my getting this off my chest. I hope, hope you guys have a good one. I Didn't know I cut her off. I cut her off, Obviously. Yeah, because you keep talking bro. Like, stop talking. Just let people talk. Get yours off then let people get theirs off.


Dog. Did you, did I just cut you off? Ah, kind of. You asked me a question. What is going on in this world? Yo, have a good one, man. So you can't do a, a backing response. Like if somebody says something and then you say something back that's cutting them off. Or if you ask a question that's cutting them off, I Can't respond 'cause I'll be cutting you off. Oh my God. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Shala, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got An indoor pool, a Outdoor pool. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. We can get On the phone right now here and tell you what it's, we live.


Hello? Who's this? This Alexis from Detroit, Michigan. What up do? Hi y'all. I got two things I wanna get off my chest. What's up? The first thing is Tupac. Tupac drop. Keep your head up and the lyrics, y'all, it speaks to the election. Oh God. Ow. How does this speech, the election? He was before his time. He was before his time. Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me the words I forgot. Okay. When he say, oh, man, I I'm so nervous, y'all, I can't believe I'm on here. He said that a man can't make one. He has my right to tell a woman when the word to create one.


That's true. That's true. So when, when the real man stand up. But the lyrics before then. Yeah. Tupac, keep your, keep your head up the whole Time. That bar does apply to You know women's reproductive rights being over overturned in this country. That is true. Yes. The second thing is nobody in America is talking about how Melania Trump news has been blasted all over Russia's broadcast. What's her news? Her News. Like Naked Pictures. I'm Sorry. Oh, news. Yes. Her, her news, her naked pictures to congratulate Trump on his presidency. Val Lain Puddin. How you say his name? He put her news all over that broadcast.


You sure? It's this is, I'm positive. What? This is crazy that nobody in America is talking about it. I I'm It's all over. TikTok is true. I watched it. It it, it, this is crazy, guys. So it's just naked pictures of her. It's naked pictures of her Yes. Her news. Yeah. I'm looking at it. I don't see her news. I'm looking at for a good source. don don't Want that on my phone, I see Newsweek. Newsweek says, Russian State TV airs Melania Trump's news on prime time. Clock it. Y'all Have a great day. Thank you. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up now. We got just what the mess coming up.


What we talking about? Yeah. So apparently it was more to the me thee stallion and win he fight. Mm. Or or quarrel or whatever. We gonna get into it. It it, it, Jason Lee didn't do his full due diligence with the, the the details. You want me to call my sauces? No, I don't need you sauces. Call my sauces. No, we, we got the excuse for inside the house. And. I. Just making sure this come from inside the house. Right. We'll get the Jess with the mess. Nexus. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's the J and v Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Waiting on just to come in here and do it. The mess. That's right. Hey, I wanna salute everybody in Newark, New Jersey, man. I'll see y'all tomorrow at the grand opening of Astoria Salute to the Good Brother Rayquan.


The chef man Astoria is a premium dispensary in Newark, New Jersey. 7 9 9 Broad Street. And tomorrow's the grand opening from 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM So I'll see y'all tomorrow. Now let's get to just with The Mess is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spell nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Okay. So yesterday we mentioned that You know Jason Lee had said that Megan Thee Stallion and Winnie Harlow, they got into a fight.


But our Lauren LA from Brown Girl Grinding, she got an exclusive and got more details. And she said allegedly, this all started because Winnie is Canadian and she posted something about Tory Lanes on social media in the midst of the me and Tory shooting trial stuff, which Meg had a issue with immediately. Soon as she saw it, I'm told that Winnie's alleged posts, which we tried to go back and find it, but we couldn't, wasn't aimed to be against Megan, but she perceived it that way. And when Winnie had saw all the feedback from it, she deleted it. Lauren was also told that it was a short conversation where Meg had reached out to Winnie and Winnie apologized, but Megan left her on red after her apology.


So Shane like, I'm like, damn, why you reach out to me then? Damn, if you ain't gonna say nothing to my apology. So then fast forward, Ruben party comes and then Meg and Winnie allegedly gets into a verbal altercation and Meg allegedly approached Winnie about the post. But tons of people broke it up before it actually became like a fight or whatever. So, and her person also alleges, who was there, alleges that Meg was going off and yelling to her like, I beat your ass. I, so, and that's how it happened. All because she posted something about Tory Lanes. Yeah. And then you reached out to the girl. The girl said, sorry 'cause she didn't intend any You know Ill will against you. And then you left her on red. What did she post? Like free Tory or Tory Innocent or just We Tried to go back and find it. I don know what she posted. She deleted it once.


She got backlash from it. So Yeah. But I didn't know that Winnie Harlow was Canadian. Canadian. I didn't know that. That I didn't know that either. Yeah. Yeah. Moving on JLL White build The wall around Canada, man, first of all, don't give Trump ideas between Drake ca excuse me. And now Winnie fighting starting problems in this country, gonna walk around Canada mean It. She said, sorry. Hey, yo. JLL White on Family Matters reboot. So it's a promo clip of Jelle White's memoir. He has a book growing up Urkel. And it started circulating. He spoke on why there was never a Family Matters reboot. That's what he said. Somewhere Around 2013, 2014, I was approached by one of our former producers that Netflix had interest in doing a reboot of Family Matters.


How Family Matters Came to Pass is actually a greater story than what was made up inside the show. Going onto a show that was never intended for me to be the star of making it last for nine years, growing up on a studio lot and in public school at the same time. That to me was the greater story that needed to be told for today. When I pitched that to one of my former executive producers, all he had to say to me was, Jelle, nobody's interested in your memoirs. I mean, at thi at this point, Urkel would be grown and would be the head of some tech agency. He would've created some app and made $300 billion.


It's always the You know the, the, the nerds that grew up to be like the super wealthy. So it was not like he'd be like a young geek no more. Yeah, They would. And and they can center it around today. All this ai, all this technology and stuff like you just say You know. They could have played to that. He'd have Lasix. He wouldn't even be wearing glasses. Right, Right, right. He Said that was 2013. So it'd been like what, 10, 12 years ago. So been been about 11 years ago. Yeah. He still would've been a grown ass man. Yeah. He wanted, like, he wanted something to be about him as A kid, I really do remember having these dreams and visions. But you just don't know what is gonna come for you. Alicia Keys opens up about conquering doubt, learning to trust herself and leaning into her dreams.


I think a lot of times we are built to doubt the possibilities for ourselves for self preservation and protection. It was literally that step by step. And so I discovered that that is how we get where we're going. This increment of small, determined moments. Alicia shares her wisdom on growth, gratitude, and the power of love. I forgive myself, it's okay. Like grace, have grace with yourself. You're trying your best and you're gonna figure out the rhythm of this thing.


Alicia Keys, like you've never heard her before. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zika. On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same. As Melrose's Place was introduced to The World, it took drama and mayhem to an entirely new level. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, every back, stab, blackmail and explosion, and every single wig removal together secrets are revealed as we rewatch every moment with you. Special guests from back in the day will be dropping by You. know who they are, Sydnee, Allison and Joe are back together on Still the Place with a trip down memory lane and back to Melrose Place. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Max. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent I'm coming offers because don don't know. Let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio App apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Danny Shapiro, host of the Hit Podcast, family Secrets. How would you feel if when you met your biological father for the first time, he didn't even say hello. And how would you feel if your doctor advised you to keep your life altering medical procedure a secret from everyone? And what if your past itself was a secret and the time had suddenly come to share that past with your child? These are just a few of the powerful and profound questions we'll be asking on our 11th season of Family Secrets. Some of you have been with us since season one and others are just tuning in. Whatever the case and wherever you are, thank you for being part of our Family Secrets family, where every week we explore the secrets that are kept from us, the secrets we keep from others and the secrets we keep from ourselves. Listen to season 11 of Family Secrets on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Right? Like it, it just seemed like he wanted it to be about him. Now if you are a documentary person, you wouldn't have a problem with that. But I wouldn't, I wouldn't watch that. You wouldn't watch it. I would watch The Family Matters reboot with Urkel. Like Lost Up. But not, but not a story about URL's life. But could you imagine White's life, him being urkel and having to go to public school and they making fun of you every day and and all the problems. I went to basketball camp with him, Nick's camp with him and he was playing basketball. And I met, I remember he crossed some kid over, did a layup kid punched him in his face. Who punched Jal White. Yeah, punched JAL White in his face. I'm reading his book right now. That better be in there. don don't know if that's in there. Yeah, but but he punched him in the face because it was like he just looked at being soft.


Yeah. So JAL White had to fight the kid at At the Knicks camp. Yeah. Did he win? Well everybody broke it up and everything like that where it got to the point where it was like the police were called, the kid was arrested. How would you push Steve Kel? Exactly. But people always thought he was soft. Right? They always thought he was soft. So he always had to play to the character. He had to prove himself all the time because people seen the book cover. Look at him. His book cover. That's the font on the book cover. That's that's the font ain't That's right. That's the album cover, book cover. You know he got RBA house. Yeah. So I would be interested in those, those type of stories. I'm sure they would be there. You know I book I would be for the Family Matters reading. Oh, there you go. I would be for the reboot. But he was saying that basically Netflix wanted to reboot Family Matters after seeing the success of Full House reboot the Fuller House You know they, Netflix is definitely into the reboot era right now, but yeah, I mean, so that's good.


That's good. You want the book? The book right there? Yeah. What I'm, I'm no, I'm reading. I got my own copy. Yeah, I mean if you wanna look at it just for You know shoot your records. I've seen it already. Oh yeah, I seen the cover already. Yeah, he look like he about to sing. I think he's coming up here in the next couple of weeks or so. Yeah. Okay. Well Michael Shaa on r Kelly in a recent episode. Michael Shaa of SNL Michael Shaa did a skit taking a stance on the r Kelly. So y'all gonna let a man with 34 felonies lead the free world and be the president of the United States? That's it. I'm listening to r Kelly again. I Already do, but I'm gonna stop pretending. I don't If white People can elect their fellas, I could dance to mine.


Her point was made. Yeah, Point was made. Yeah. And you be chuckle. And I. I like this story because I also just saw that Sting said that he has no plans of canceling. I'll be missing you that that record following did these legal troubles. So I thought that was a, that was like a little Kiki Michael Shade. That was funny. That was super funny. But that is your Jess with the mess for the first hour. Alright, thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news and Ferg ASAP Ferg will be joining us. His album Darryl came out last week and we're gonna talk to him in a little bit. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club your morning's on. Never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news.


Now we, Monday night Football, The Dolphins beat the RIMS 2315. don don't think anybody cares about those teams. 'cause the dolphins are three to six. First of all, don't do that because my man's team is the Rams. Wait, the Rams are four and five. They're not going rest. don don't I know. Don't don't they have the same dreams as the Cowboys and the Giants right now. They're not going nowhere. And how is his team in the Rams? I don't know why Chris liked the Rams, but he loves them and he was, he's very sad right now about their records. So Did he grow up in St. Louis? No, he did not. He just likes the Rams. I, I have no idea. But that's his time Probably. He probably used to like them when they was the St. Louis Rams the greatest show on Turf Marshall Folk. Remember everybody used used way jerseys back in the day. Yeah, they then they went to LA Nah, they Los Angeles Ram. Yeah, they probably grew up with St.


Louis fans. Okay. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. It was good to see UA looking good out there. You know he's health well. Fairly healthy anyway, so. Yep. I won't much into that but yes. Good morning y'all. So let's get into it. President elect Trump is make, he's making his announcements regarding appointments in his administration. Former ICE director Tom Holman is being promoted to border Czar when President Trump takes office. President elect Trump. Excuse me. Now Trump announced the move on truth social saying that Holman will be in charge of the nation's borders and his administration. Earlier this year, Holman promised to run the biggest deportation force this country has ever seen. If Trump got elected, which in fact happened last week yesterday, Holman spoke to Hannity on Fox News and he said he's getting to work.


And if you're in a sanctuary city to get out of his way, get used to it 'cause he's coming. Let's hear more from Tom Holman. The new borders are I saw today numerous governors from a sanctuary state saying they're gonna step in the way. They better get the hell outta the way. Either you help us or get the hell outta the way because ice is going to do their job. We're gonna take the handcuffs off ice that the Biden administration put on them and let ice what they do that they do best. And let me say this back to the viewer, Joe Biden. They promised this administration promised they're gonna concentrate on their criminal aliens. That was their priority. Secretary Mayorca said it. I looked at the stats today. The removal of criminal aliens are is down 74% from President Trump.


We have more criminals here than we ever had. So we got plenty of targets out there. And the men and women of this, this new administration are going to go look for 'em. They're gonna look for him. Sanctuary city, the sanctuary. Cities don't wanna help get outta the way. I'll double the workforce in that sanctuary city. We're going to do our job despite the politics. We're doing it. So get used to it 'cause we're coming. I'm gonna tell you something man, that dude don't play. I saw him on 60 minutes maybe like last month. And he said in regards to kids being separated from their families, he said families can be deported together. Damn. That's what he said on 60 Minutes. That dude don't play. He not played. No, he he does not play whatsoever. So yes, the border was one of the top issues Trump addressed while campaigning.


Polls also found immigration to be one of the voters' biggest concerns in this election. So yeah, there's your new borders are UUSA President-Elect Trump is reportedly also expected to name Florida Senator Marco Rubio as Secretary of State. The New York Times cites three sources familiar with Trump's thinking, who say the President-elect could still change his mind. However, Rubio was elected to the Senate in 2010 and has taken hawkish stances with both on both China and Iran. He recently said Russia's war against Ukraine is a stalemate and needs to be brought to a conclusion. Now Ru Rubio again ran against Trump in 2016 and the presidential primaries. But he is making his stake in his claim in the Trump administration.


Also Florida representative Michael Waltz has been named as National Security Advisor Waltz, a former Green Barrette, has served in Congress since 2019. He has also previously been named to the House Armed Services Intelligence and Foreign Affairs Committees. Senate confirmation is not required for that role. However, Steven Miller has been announced as White House Deputy Chief of Staff or Policy. That's according to multiple reports. Miller and his is in his top immigration advisor and served as a senior advisor during Trump's first presidency. He was also the one who spoke at Trump's Madison Square Garden rally saying America is for Americans only. Let's hear from Steven Miller and that MSG rally.


When His life was on the line, did he fal or did he waver? Did he yield? Did he surrender? Did he hesitate? Did he back down? Did he give one single solitary inch or did he stand up strong and proud and resilient, the warrior that he is, and raise his fist into the air and shout on behalf of all of you, fight, fight, fight. And what was he fighting for? He was fighting for your children, for your wives, your husbands, everyone that you love and know in The. World the right to live in a country where criminal gangs cannot just cross our border. And rape and murder with impunity. Who's gonna stand up for the girls of America?


The woman of America, the families of America who's gonna stand up and say the cartels are gone, the criminal migrants are gone. The gangs are gone. America is for Americans and Americans only. Listen, man, when the mass deportation start, no need for anybody to act surprised because they told you what they was going to do. So you are getting exactly what you voted For. Yep, absolutely. So there's more appointments to be made, but it's bringing things home quickly to New York. Mayor Eric Adams wants his corrupt, his corruption trial to begin earlier than scheduled so that he can focus on getting reelected. The trial has been set to start on April 21st, 2025. And in a letter to a federal judge presiding over the case, Adam's lawyers asked for a new start date of April 1st writing that it could uphold his right to a speedy trial and would allow him to participate in his reelection campaign.


Now the lawyers added that with the 20, the April 21st start date, the trial would not be over until a month before voting begins in the Democratic primary. And that the earlier date would rid voters of the distraction of the misguided indictment as they evaluate democratic candidates for mayor. So that's what's going on with a a, excuse me, mayor Eric Adams as he's You know, making his his his his way to reelection or he's trying, attempting to make his way towards reelection. Yep. Alright y'all, so that's your front page news on Morgan Wood, follow on social at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio App and visit bi news.com. Thank you Morgan.


Thank You. Thank y'all. Have a good one all Morgan. Now when we come back, ASAP Ferg will be joining us. His new album Darryl is out right now. We gonna kick it with Ferg when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special against in the building. Ladies and gentlemen. Ferg. Hey, What's popping? What's popping y'all? What's up? What's up my brother feeling? So no more ASAP Ferg. It's still a ASAP is on my chest. Okay. ASAP is forever. I'm always driving and prospering. But Ferg is like You know Diddy change his name. It's a funny name. It is, it is a funny title to bring up Diddy, right?


Yeah. It's like, but it happened. Yeah. Yeah. Diddy changed his name Yeah. A few times. And it represented different eras of his career. That's where I'm at with it. Mm. Is this your baby oil era or Why you go listen, why, why I did With he. Listen, Diddy is my family. And, I love his family. I don't know all of what's going on with this case and everything like that. And it's a bunch of hearsay really. It's like a thousand bottles of baby oil. What that has to do anything with him being a bad man. So yeah. Yeah. He just a rich man with a bunch of baby oil. Just a rich man. So, so you did say this is a, a new, I guess new energy in your life right now to take the ASAP off. So what, what, what is the difference?


Is it asap? Was it crew? Was it more individual? Is It, well, I feel like ASAP puts me in group think You. know what I'm saying? You think about the era, which is a, a golden era You know what I'm saying? Like we changed the game and it's just like, for me to change the game a whole nother way in an individual way now, like I was known for being Ferg my whole life. Like I met Rocky as Ferg. I met Yas as Ferg and then like when we came together as a group effort, we all changed our name to ASAP Ferg. Like how Bone Thugs got Right, right, right. You know, lazy Bone, crazy Bone, fleshing Bone. We just basically took our last names and put 'em last and put ASAP as our first. So it's just a new era. I know earlier this year it was people from the ASAP Mob saying that you were no longer a part of ASAP Mo.


Yeah, LLS ll said that and he took that, that quote back. Like we, we talked about it and hashed it and, and all of that stuff. But yeah, LLS and Barry, they, they said that, but my whole thing is like, You know when you doing great, that's what it comes with. You know people, you feel some type of way. And I didn't do anything to anybody. So yeah. Is the mob so close as they used to be? Close as they used to be? I would say that me and Rocky, we talk every now and then. I always check on his wellbeing, but we so busy just doing our own thing. He got two kids and he's making music and got his career. This, this is exactly going the way we wanted it to go.


Like, You know, I got my land over here, you got your island over here. We big pillars. And then when we come together it's just like, it just gets crazy. So as far as like as close as we used to be, no. 'cause we used to basically live with each other because we used to be on tour together. But as far as love, like I love my brother to death. Like I would, I always want to see my brother do great And I love what he's doing and yeah, all my brothers You know, even Ills and Bari, like with the whole thing. It just, I always say that people handle fame differently. Like yams, he handled it the way he handled it. It cost him his life. It's a lot of access. You know. It makes people act different.


We don't know. Like I don't, I know these people and these guys from a point, like when I met them, they was already like teenagers or like young adults. I don't know what happened to them in their life before that. Yeah. So what shapes and molds these people in they younger years or as young men, I don't, I don't know what, what it was like in their household or whatever. So when we get the, the fame and the fortune and all of that, everybody's gonna react different. Yeah. Where you been at though? You been a little quiet. Your last project Was 2020 Been cooking? Yeah, cooking. Yeah. Like You know, we in a game where it's like everything is so quick. I never believed in like rushing my process for money.


Like I feel like I've done that. I've like hustled. I feel like after I dropped Trap Load my album, the time and effort it took me to create that album, which it took my whole life to create that album. Mm. Because up until that point, I was just living it. And I created a album. So I had Mad Life to talk about on that one album. After that, it's just like chasing a hit. So now you listening to the label, yo put out this, put out that, because yo, this works for radio, blah blah blah, boom. And then it's like, I mean I, I got mad hit records. Not saying that that's enough, but for me it wasn't enough. Like I wanted to like really figure out what I wanted to say. 'cause You know when you realize you got a voice, you can really make a lot of movement.


And as a 36-year-old man, you want to create purpose and have Dr. Purpose-driven moves. Yeah. So that's what I wanted to figure out. Like, all right, You know I did that. That was fun, but where am I going now? Like how am I gonna lead the people or what am I saying to the kids? So that's what I had to figure out. Like I wanted to grow as a person so the music could evolve. Yeah. Yeah. The name of the album is Darryl. Yeah. Now, now why Darryl? 'cause it seems like it is almost like you're going back to the, the origin of, of yourself. I feel like I was running, I was running for myself for a long time. Like my father was such a great man. Like, I'm not sure if you heard that. Street legend. Yeah. You know d Ferg, the Ferg family. Like it's a whole family of us. T Ferg, they know him. That's my uncle.


That's always with me. D Ferg, my dad. You got Kim Ferg, mama Ferg. Kim Ferg used to dance with Teddy Riley and You know she used to be with this crew called the Gucci Girls with Dapper Dan did like all of their outfits and stuff. So I come from a whole lineage of FRGs. And then now it's just going back to the basics and going back to my roots because I feel like I never gave The World that I only gave y'all mobbing. I never gave y'all the individual. Now you were very vulnerable on this album. Yes. Knowing you for a long time, you've been pretty quiet. Like You know you don't really put your business out there. So how were you able to be so vulnerable and how difficult was it For you? I thought it was like cool to be vulnerable.


I thought it was cool to be vulner. You talk to the slaves? Yeah. Yeah. I'm talking, I'm talking, I'm talking to the ancestors. Right. The ancestors came through me. Nah, I thought it was cool to be vulnerable because we are in a town where being vulnerable if you can be vulnerable is cool because the kids, they put everything out there. And at first I thought that was kind of like crazy. But then when I like really got hip to like what's happening, it is a shift in culture where it's like, it's a lot of information being put out to us. We got Hulu, we got Netflix, we got YouTube, we got all of these outlets and you have to stand out some type of way. We in a time where it's like we are battling for attention span. So it's like the realist, like real TV changed that You know real tv.


And then you have love and hip hop and now you have straight up Instagram stories. Yeah. And reels and, and your music. You have to be honest because it's like, if I'm, if you're not saying some honest, I'm just gonna look at this dude's story and like, he's not even rapping. But this is more interesting. Right. I, we got ball with Ferg when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with Ferg. Jess, did you, were you at all worried about how vulnerable you were gonna be because Oh wow, you opened up about some pretty tragic things like that happened to you as a kid. Yeah, it took me eight years to write pool.


Like it was three songs that I had wrote to get to that point. So I wrote a song called We Don't Judge and Chance The Rappers on there. I, I'm gonna still put that out with Sta Stacey Barth. And then I wrote another song called Innocent Child, which was like three different stories, about three different people. The last story was Mines. And then I was just trying to refine like, and then I linked up with my boy Kirby, who he designed, he's the designer own a Pierre Moss. I just love his storytelling through his clothes and how he speaks to The World. He kind of grabs the bull by the horns and we got in the studio and he was just like, yo bro, like you itching towards it and you're scratching the surface and this song and it in child when you need to like really just dive in and just go crazy.


That's why you called it Pool. I called it Pool because of, so I got Dre, I got basically I'm, I went to a, I don't want to tell us the whole thing. We heard of the song. Yeah. But yeah, I want y'all to go to listen to it because that's where you'll get like the really finite detail of the song. But basically it was an incident that happened in a pool when I was a young kid and there's a everybody's around and everything like that. And You know for me it was like weird and it was like one second, but I'm like, why? And it just made me ask why And I wanted to basically create a piece of art that my kid could find or like kids could find and and listen to it.


And I'm still jiggy, I'm still this person or whatever. And, and let them know that like the things that happen to you really happen for you, but the things that happen to you, it doesn't define you. It doesn't define you. Exactly. So I, I was like, and then also I was thinking like all these rappers and people would just be like, yo, we on demon time, we on Demon Time And. I'm like, when when has that ever been cool to be on Demon Time? Real? Like, that's like not cool. Like to be on demon time, like we on demon time. Yeah. People don't even know where that energy comes from. Like you just tooken by yo we on demon time. Yo, this is just, is what it is. And I understand. 'cause like I got homies that's in it.


Like, so sometimes you forced to be in it, but if you're not forced to be in it, then it's like, why you want to be on demon time? Like we should be like wanting to help each other. So yeah, that was just what I was creating that song for. And You know, a lot of people say we on demon time and they don't talk about the demons. Let's open this up. Ooh. Like let's let, let's, let's dissect what the demons is. Let's sit at a table. That's what hip hop is. Yeah. Hip hop is religion. Hip hop is our spirituality. Like hip hop is this like, when the cameras is off and we going, we giving each other father like that. We are gonna talk about this conversation. Like You know that's some real like, but while we can't talk about the real on camera and have these discussions, hip hop is the thing that unites religions and kids You know there's Muslims and Jewish people that's waring with each other.


I went to Jerusalem, had a show. I seen all of them turning up together. I got back home like they letting me have it on. Like, this is how I knew it was a problem. 'cause I'm not knowing like I'm making music, but like, I'm not knowing that I did something like powerful. But like when I get back home, I check on my dm, they like, yo, how you gonna perform for the Muslims? How you gonna perform for the Jews? Da da da da da. And I'm like, yo, the kids don't wanna fight. The kids want to like unite the kids want to see the light. The kids are caught up in something bigger than them. Something that's been going on longer than them. Exactly. But like who's really having that conversation? Like, why are we not having that conversation? Like, I don't know. Was it difficult to pin the, the write the words for pool?


Is that why it took eight years? Because just being, just publicly addressing You know what happened to you. You know it, it's hard to address molestation period. But also if it's molestation from the same sex, first of all, I just had to, I I was looking at the, the news that y'all put out the other day. And I had to like research molestation and like molestation sounds so crazy to me. Like it's like, oh, like it could vary like what molestation is, regardless of what it is, it can, like how old were you? I was nine years old. How old was the person? The, the person was way older than me because he was, you were molested. I used to think this, I got molested by, I read book. I seen it when I was eight. I used to look at it the same way. Like, oh, that's not Did you think Of the worst when you think of molested, but But it's still Molested.


Yeah. Yeah. It's like you got different levels like You know I was touched, like I, to be clear, like I was like groped basically. And I just found it weird. 'cause it's another dude like, absolutely older dude. You don't, what were you scared to That was that weird. Like you, yeah. Were you scared to tell your family because your family comes from the street? I know you said you told your cousin. Were you scared? 'cause you knew that if your family found out? I told my cousin because he was my age, And I didn't want to, I didn't want to feel weird, like I'm holding this thing to myself. So I had to tell somebody. And then years later I told my mom after seeing a precious movie. Mm. And then people was like, standing up. We went to don Don't know. We seen like a, we went to like a premiere of the precious movie and then people was like standing up and telling their stories after the thing.


And I told her, like on the train. And she was just like, what? For real? When? I'm sorry. Like, she just felt like a bad mom. Mm. But like, You know, we in the hood, we going to the pool. We That's right. Going to the park. You, you just never know. Like weirdos could just creep up in the mix. Yeah. And you can't hold your kid by you 24 or seven. Like, and then the hood, I mean, and then not just in the hood, everywhere I feel like is going on and people just not gonna talk about it. And I'm like, yo, what am I talking about? Like, I didn't make that happen to me like that. Like that ain't minds to like, we trying to hold inside. Like, and it's powerful that you sharing it. Absolutely. For sure. A lot of brothers. I think the only other person I even heard talk about that in rap was common.


No. Common. And Denzel Curry over there. People say that Kendrick says something about it, but I think that was about his mom. Hmm. I don't remember. Yeah. He has a song on his album. The Big Steppers. Is it called The Big Steppers? Yeah. Mr. Yeah, Mr. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was gonna ask, you said that you feel like you should be in the conversations when it comes to Kendrick Lamar, j Cole and Drake. But then somebody would say, but this takes you too, too damn long to put out a project. Kendrick The same. Yeah. Kendrick Takes La Cole the same thing. That's what we do. What was your mindset behind? I thought I was dead. They thought I was dead. They thought I was dead. I never thought I was dead.


Okay. Well tell me the mindset behind That. The mindset behind that was the ills comment. You know what I'm saying? He said I was a You know I was burnt out. Trapped. Lord. Can't get it. Right. I remember that. I remember that so vividly. That's crazy. You, the more you the most active from asap. My, To me, musically. Musically. Musically. Musically. Yeah. Yeah. And he said that when I had like a, a song on a billboard with Nas, the Spicy Junk and a song with Nicki Minaj. But I love s You know I love him even when he don't know I do. Or if he don't think I do. But yeah, that, that fueled me. And I was just like, You know what? This is great. 'cause for so long I felt like nobody was trying to with me.


Like, I needed somebody to like poke me, like poke the beer so I could get better. Like, so I, I just used the fuel to just create. Yeah. And then also I was looking at Dion Sanders team, they just kept losing. So I'm like, I'm gonna create an anthem for them and just for any, but then it turned into, for anybody who was doubted, I wanted to create this anthem for, It feels like the album is kind of like that. Like you feel like a lot of people doubted you in this album. And it's like, this is my way of giving y'all the middle finger, telling y'all I'm back. Nah, I wasn't really, it's a few, it wasn't a lot of people like, 'cause I know I'm lit. Like I, that's not a, a question in my mind, it's just I'm talking to a few people and you can hear it. Like, You know. I, I say some names.


I, I'm sly with some things, but I'm very transparent on this album. Mm. Let's get into a joint off the album, what you wanna hear. Chosen. Chosen. Yeah. All right. We got more with ASAP Ferg. When we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. We're still kicking it with Ferg. His album Darryl is out right now. Now on your song, all Law on the album. As A kid, I really do remember having these dreams and visions, but you just don't know what is gonna come for you.


Alicia Keys opens up about conquering doubt, learning to trust herself and leaning into her dreams. I think a lot of times we are built to doubt the possibilities for ourselves for self preservation and protection. It was literally that step by step. And so I discovered that that is how we get where we're going. This increment of small, determined moments. Alicia shares her wisdom on growth, gratitude, and the power of love. I forgive myself, it's okay. Like grace, have grace with yourself. You're trying your best and you're gonna figure out the rhythm of this thing. Alicia Keys, like you've never heard her before. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well, that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run high. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted, pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zika. On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same. As Melrose's Place was introduced to The World, it took drama and mayhem to an entirely new level. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, every backs stab, blackmail and explosion. And every single wig removal together secrets are revealed as we rewatch every moment with you. Special guests from back in the day will be dropping by You. know who they are. Sydney, Allison, and Joe are back together on Still the Place with the trip down memory lane and back to Melrose Place. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica Capshaw. And this is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming offers because I don know. Let's face it, life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And Now here we are opening up the Friendship Circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, We're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Danny Shapiro, host of the Hit Podcast, family Secrets. How would you feel if when you met your biological father for the first time, he didn't even say hello. And how would you feel if your doctor advised you to keep your life altering medical procedure a secret from everyone? And what if your past itself was a secret and the time had suddenly come to share that past with your child? These are just a few of the powerful and profound questions we'll be asking on our 11th season of Family Secrets. Some of you have been with us since season one and others are just tuning in. Whatever the case and wherever you are, thank you for being part of our Family Secrets family, where every week we explore the secrets that are kept from us, the secrets we keep from others, and the secrets we keep from ourselves. Listen to season 11 of Family Secrets on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


It features future. But people saying that he's throwing shots at gunna. When people send you verses, do you listen or do you not care? That's their own artistic way of Feeling. Oh, I definitely, listen, I'm listening. And I know what people is talking about. But yeah, artistic Freedom. I'm not allowing nobody to like it's words at the end of the day. You know what I'm saying? It's words like we see, I think Future and Drake just link back up and they cool again. Nah, they didn't say that Wasn't real. That wasn't real. That wasn't real. Oh, okay. Well, You know, I, I met Gunna through Thug, so I'm loyal to Thug. Whatever Thug Say is good is good. You know, I love, I love Thug and I've grown a love for Gunna and when I see him it's love.


But at the same time, it's like whatever Thug say. Have you spoken to Doug since he's been home? I haven't spoke to Thug when he was home, but I went to his girl's show and we had spoke on the phone. Boy, How was it working with Mar j Blige? You got her on two tracks. Mary is the queen. She is. Yeah. Mary is literally the best in The. World. Like we are the same spirit, like Uptown Energy, her remixing, like Roy Air songs. I love Roy Air. Yeah. It is just like, it was a dream for me to work with her. She actually chose four songs to like jump on. She wound up getting on too. Wow. But yeah, I do a whole album with with her.


She's amazing. That's good. How, how has therapy kept you grounded? More poised. It gave me tools to work through thoughts. Let me, let me dive in. And then also like meditation. I've been meditating for about five years now. Like religiously when I had like heavy anxiety, I was meditating for 30 minutes in a day, soon as I wake up and then 30 minutes before I go to sleep. And then that literally that in the therapy. Like I used to go into the therapy office and my leg was moving like this. I used to watch my father do that all the time. And when I first walked in there, he said, you see your leg moving like that And I was like, and then I just stopped.


He was like, yeah, that's anxiety. And anxiety also. Don't only have to be from trauma or whatever it can be. You are happy, you're excited. Yeah. Yeah. Album came out today. You want, you wanna see what it's gonna do, how people react to it. Yeah. Like when I walked Kendrick through Harlem, my anxiety was through the roof. 'cause I'm like, Kendrick one of my favorite rappers. So it's like that right there was like, that was, that was cool. That was some cools. Can't do that. Yeah. Nah, You know what I'm saying? And he, he, he was protected. Nothing happened on my watch. I'm like, that's what you was more nervous about. Like make sure nothing. I wasn't even thinking about that. T Ferg really thought about that. 'cause I just don't think gonna happen to me at all. Yeah. But like, yeah. Talk about that. You walking, we walking him through a Harlem.


So I had went to his show and he was like, yo, I got a a day off tomorrow. I'm like, you trying to go to Harlem? And he was like, yeah, I'm down. And then Dave Free called me. He was like, yo, this are you trying to pull up the Harlem? So I had to like put a hole itinerary together and randomly wound up being dapper Dan's birthday that day. Mm. He didn't even know I was coming to see him. And I brought Kendrick to Melba and then we went to Dapper Dan. I brought him to my hood. Showed him like the stoop that You know I used to hang out on. And You know they don't got hydrants open in LA So he's like touching the water. And I acting like that's Holes Water. Like another thing people was talking about earlier this year, I don't know if you spoke about this anyway, but when they, they was looking for Rocky to be on Romeo.


Yeah. And when he put it out, he wasn't on there. I think Rocky Low Key used that verse for another song. Oh yeah. Yeah. So that's what happened. But he ain't tell me that. So you had to take him off? I didn't take him off the the the version still exists. We could still put it out. Yo everybody, all the fans go Hound Rocky to drop his version of Romeo. 'cause whatever other song he dropped, we don't remember that. Go drop the Ello verse. We need that. That back and forth is crazy on some Jada and Styles going back and forth. Crazy You know people always talk about your face when they, when they did the, they show that video of Rocky talking about fighting in jail. Yeah. The classic, for whatever reason that goes super viral on TikTok all the time.


And they always doing it on your face. What were you thinking in that moment? I was just listening. I wasn't even thinking And I didn't even realize I was doing all of that with my face until I seen that. Like, I was like, yo, the, I seen the mic drop like this. And then I'm like, and I'm like, because this is news to me. Like I never, first of all Casanova, when he first came home, he told me he was locked up with F Flaco. And I didn't know that Rocky was locked up. So that was news. And then when I think I brought it up or he brought it up during that interview and then he started going to the details, this was all news to me. So I'm just reacting to the news like And I didn't know I was looking like that. Did y'all talk about it afterwards?


Like Yeah, we laughed about it. You Rocky liked like that? He's silly. Like he Rocky is, yeah, he, he Rocky a different type of dude. Like he ain't tripping about none of that. At least to me. Do you miss that? Just having the whole gang around? No, I don't. 'cause it was a time, it was a time when we was kids. A lot of it was fun, but a lot of it I was just like, man, I can't wait till I have my own bus. Mm. I can't wait to like, it's my time to like pick out people who I want to roll with me and do my thing because I don't smoke weed. I don't, I don't do a lot of the things like, I mean the girls, yeah, we was doing a lot of the tings, but You know it was some fun moments in that And I like to leave it like that, like it's legendary.


Like I wouldn't want to You know if it's some a thing where like any of my brothers need anything. Like I could pull up on 12 e work through stuff or You know. But yo, that's 11 years in front of y'all. But like, You know what I'm saying? But before that we like in Harlem doing the same thing, but not in front of The World. So You know all together is probably like 17 years of just us. I'm ready for new, new things. Like, and like I said, if any of them need anything, I'm here. I do feel like we gotta get this ASAP movie together and we gotta get the yam stuff together. Tell the story and tell the story because we are getting of age and it's that time. Yeah.


I was gonna ask, do you think Yams, he felt like the heart and soul of everything, you think when he passed that like changed everything, the whole dynamics of the group, the crew when he passed, for sure. 'cause yams was fighting. Like I watched yams catching seizure at Coachella. He went to the hospital and he came back and he, he still trying to fight to everybody and talk like, well he wasn't fighting, but he was like fighting through that, having another seizure. You know while talking and trying to get everybody together because you got different textures. And, I might be like silk and like Rocky might be like hemp and like Nas might be like leather. So you trying to mesh all of these different fabrics together, that's a tough thing to do. Especially coming from Harlem.


Like, and yeah, it was, yo, every time he talk it is just like he was getting electrocuted. He, he'd just catch another, it is not funny, but like at that moment I'm like, yo, bro, you are gonna die. Like you gotta stop you, you stressing yourself out way too much. Like, and that I don't miss that. I don't miss that energy. And I don't miss. But it was, it, it, it made me into who I am. And I know that that's a very real thing. And that's why I also feel like this album is important. My my last question, man. I saw a quote where you said, it's okay to grow up and that's what I wanna show my community on this album. So it just made me wonder why do you think our community is the one that judges people for something as simple as wanting to grow up or wanting to better yourself? We watch all of the great people do it.


Jay-Z Kendrick j Cole. I love Snoop. Snoop is my favorite rap of in The World, we got the same birthday October 20th Snoop is my favorite rapper because he was the first to show his kids like, yo, this is my family, this is my kids. And be like a gangster rapper. Like I thought that was super dope and he could be gangster but also still be gangster and do a Martha Stewart show and not look like he compromising himself. So I don't know if that's some Libra, but I rock with that. Yeah, The album Darryl is out right now and we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Yes. Thank you for having It's ve it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast.


Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Your news is real Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do No lie. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Just worldwide. Message on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set the door. Y'all lucky I got you dressed with the mess right now. 'cause my oatmeal looks so good. Y'all. I got bananas. Brown sugar, regular sugar, extra butter up in there. Yo, This Helped me produce milk, y'all. So I I love dressing it up like that. I you were trying to eat healthy that this is healthy. Not with the extra butter.


Is the anal milk in it though? I I'm not even gonna tell you what I thought you said just now. Ain't no milk in it though. You said anal milk is in it. I was like what the hell is that? No, no milk in. I heard I. don know what you lord Straight, her anal Got buts over there Outta here too. Playing for real A mess. It's over after January. It's over. Alright, so The Rock is currently promoting his new movie. He has a movie coming out this Friday. It's a Christmas movie. It's called Red One. But back in April it was a article published by the rap claiming that The Rock was so late on this set that he pushed production back and it costed them $250 million.


What? Yes. Yep. For the film release. They also claimed that because he'd be so late, he was so late on the set, he would have to pee in water bottles to avoid further delays on set. Yep. And he spoke to this, he sat down with Zrich, Zach Baron for gq and he addressed it. If you do a deep dive on you, there's not a lot of negativity Like in terms of People writing negative stuff about you. Not really, man. I mean, they tried I pee in a bottle. Yeah, that happens. That does happen. What about the late part of that story? Yeah, That happens too. Really? Okay. But not that amount by the way. That's, that was a bananas amount. The reason that stuck out to me is I was like, is this, this guy's 52, is this the first negative piece of press that's been written about him?


But I didn't really recognize you in that story. You know you didn You didn't, It's not the person that shows up in anything else because it was bull. Yeah. You know what I mean? That was the whole other thing. We could talk about what that was, but it's like Okay, I've always heard how professional he is. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I've always heard. I know. That's why I'm, I'm with Zack. He said this is the first like negative press that The Rock has ever gotten. But the crazy thing is he said, don, don't be late like that. I do pee bottles, but don don't be late like that. Hey, yo. That is so funny. Where do you put the bottles? No, the bathroom is that far. That far. I and I'm thinking if you The Rock, you have to have a bathroom in your dressing room pretty close to Set or something. And I was covering for The Rock. Like who's covering him while he's doing that? Like just whipping out and peeing in the bottle maybe.


No, no damn body. And then he take the bottle after he fits It. Right. And then Witty and then And I Hope it's not a scene where he gotta touch somebody's face. Like what if it's a, it's a Christmas movie, what if it's love? And he had to shush somebody like sh and he put his finger on his, on a lip or anything. And what Kind of aim he got that he can just I don wast think the Same thing because he gotta pee. He gotta pass somebody the bottle. 'cause he, it gotta be all over the bottle. Mm. Or he got some And is it different bottles every single time or is it one bottle? Yep. And no, they stacked on the side. Like is it like a And does anybody ever mistake it for Mountain Dew if they do save it? No. No. That's disgust. I don't know. don don't know. But that, that's what he said. He, he said he'd do that. That's what he do. So hopefully they get rid of him. They not get rid of The Rock.


I'm saying they get rid of the bottles of pee. Oh, okay. Not go get rid of The Rock. They get rid of him. I and then Ryan. Ryan Reynolds on Oscar snuff. So he recently sat down with Variety awards, circuit podcasts. And he was talking about the success of Deadpool, which was the last, Deadpool was like the funniest Deadpool to me. And the success of Oh yeah. Deadpool and Wolverine. And during the conversation Ryan spoke on what he thought was the biggest Oscar snub You know. I also think we, we sort of un unnecessarily hurdle ourselves over comedy as a craft. And if you, if you ask me that one of the greatest, most greatest injustices is that Eddie Murphy doesn't have an Oscar for the nutty professor Plumps.


Just like the fact that he could sit at a table with, with 10 and be 10 different characters at one table. That is, that is singular. Yep. And that is a kind of talent that I don't know that we've at this stage in our scientific journey of life could understand. Because you got all them elitist folks at the Oscars who don't respect comedy and superhero movies. So they don't see the art and the comedy and the superhero and, And not, and not nutty professor as many characters as he was. Yeah, it's a comedy. That's What he said. Jeez. It was a drama. If it was a bunch of fat people crying You. know what I'm saying? I'm serious. There was a bunch of fat people who were a bunch of big backs around the table crying. They he got Oscar. Dang. See. And if he came out with that today, then it probably would be, oh no.


'cause then he's betraying he's portraying these people I was gonna say that probably would get an Oscar today. Nah, You're probably trying to cancel him today. People, why you doing all these st time people talks about fat people, Big back, big back. It has Not big back Professor. Professor, but nutty professor could actually, it could play on like Ozempic too, because remember he would go back to Buddy Love. Oh, You. know what I'm saying? So it could be a lot of, he could bring It, oh shoot, that's all that was. Now that you think about it, all he was doing was taking Ozempic that work immediately when you think of, of, because he wasn't he shooting himself with a needle. Yep. Every time. And sometimes. Yep. Every time. Wow. Wow. Eddie Murphy. He's ahead ahead. His time. Definitely ahead of his time, yo. Absolutely. And then my last story, you wanna speed it up, Brandon?


Run, run. Run. Thank you so much. So Kiki Palmer, she recently did an interview with LA Times to promote her new memoir, master of Me, the Secret to Controlling Your Narrative. The book is set to come out next week in the book. She talks about her two seasons on the Fox series. Scream Queens, scream Queens. And one of the stories Kiki recalled trying to calm down a fight between two of her white castmates. And she said, in order to make peace between them, she told them that they need to have fun and respect each other. She claims one of them responded by saying, Kiki literally just don't, who do you think you are? Martin Fing Luther King. She didn't reveal who it was, but our co-stars, Kiki Luther King is crazy. Kiki Luther King, she ain't say who it was, but her co-stars on the film were Emma Roberts, Billy Lord Scholar Samuels and Leah Michelle And.


I sent in the comments that a lot of people were saying like it had to be Emma Roberts. 'cause she, I guess her character played to like some racism and racists or whatever like that. But she also added that on the same show set. Ryan Murphy called her unprofessional for not coming to set on her day off And. I'm like, you must not know black people. Why would we come to set or come to work off on a day off, off? Why it's not gonna happen. Yeah. But I I, I know some actors do that like to, it's just like overachieving, like You know. You just wanna be around you because you're not always in every episode if it's a series. Right. And if you are an actress that you're actress are acting, you're on the, the show. You're not necessarily in every episode. So sometimes it does look good, but if you're off, you're off.


It shouldn't hurt. Hurt. Yeah. Hurt or harm you if you don't come at work. And that dude don't know what she might've been dealing with mentally and emotionally. She might've needed that day off to just go take a break some me time. Absolutely. To come back and be her best self when it is her time to be on set. Absolutely. That's why Kiki should have minded her business that seemed like everybody in that set should be minding they damn business. Should have let them two people fight. And that dude shouldn't be minding her business when it's her day off. Yeah. Like, yeah. Stay outta white people fights. I I would've loved to sit back and let Yeah. Because Gregory used to say that all the time. Stop minding white people business. That's It. That's it. And that is just for dam mess. Thank you Jess. Yep. Alright, when we come back, Charlamagne, who you giving your donkey to? You know Alexander Rodriguez. Okay. Not Alex Rodriguez.


don. Don't even know if Alex Rodriguez, the baseball player. Full name is Alexander. But this is another Dominican. He's from Miami. He's 20 years old. He needs to come to the front of the congregation and he takes his food way too seriously. We'll discuss. All right. And then after that, we're gonna open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. This morning during front page news, we were talking about the rumor that people wanted Joe Biden to step down and let Kamala Harris rock out for the next 60 days. Well, This came from, oh, I can't remember the guy's name. He used to work in the Vice President's administration. He was on CNN. He actually bought this up. Find that clip Eddie. Yeah. We'll find that clip and we'll discuss when we come back. All right. It's the breakfast slogan. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same.


It's gonna be a donkey, because right now you want some real donkey. It's time for Donkey of the Day. So if you ever feel I need to be a donkey man, hit me with The. Rock. Did she get Don? Any names please? Absolutely. I had become Donkey Of the Day. The, Breakfast. Club Bitchy. We're donkey. Yes, donkey. Today for Tuesday, November the 12th goes to a 20-year-old young man named Alexander Rodriguez. Okay, sidebar. Do Dominicans even attempt to name their kids something else? Like I know Rodriguez is a very common surname, but after Arod came out and became the great Hall of Fame player that he is, do Dominicans with the last name Rodriguez? Even think to name Nick Kid. Something different.


Even the young ladies get named Alex, but discuss among yourselves. Now Alexander Rodriguez comes from a beautiful city called Miami, Florida, dropping the clues bombs for everybody who listens to us on 1 0 3 5 to beat in Miami. What does your Uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx of, in all of Florida. And today is no exception. Just hilarious. Hmm. You like to cook? I do. As you eat right now? Yes. How do you feel about people talking over the food you are cooking? How, how do you, how do you feel about that? You don't know What's going on in the back of somebody's throat. So don't ever cough, You know. Talk over my food. It's just like coughing because you just, you don't know the last time they brush their teeth, if they floss anything. Yeah. So that is like a big pet peeve.


A pet peeve of mine. How do you handle those people when they're talking over the food you are cooking? I give them the food and then I put them out. Got you. Gotcha, gotcha, Gotcha. But you can't be around me like that. Everything you just said sounds quite logical to me. And that is the way a person with high emotional intelligence would handle it. But Alexander Rodriguez did not, does not have high emotional IQ because he was in the kitchen cooking and his brothers started chatting over the cuisine. And Alexander Rodriguez, well, let's just say he ended up in jail. See, Alex was arrested on charges of attempted felony murder and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon. Why? Well, when the detectives interviewed Rodriguez, he said he was cooking. Right? S Auan, that's what it's called.


S sa sa sason s and Goya on everything. Okay. Probably cooking Mu fungal. Okay. What? And that's how you pronounce it. What is it called? Al. Okay. And his brother came in talking over the food and You know he a Dominican man. So he was just going off. Let me hear how Dominican men sound. He's Going crazy. Hey, no. How do You know that was Dominican? How do You know that man is, do You know Dominicans stand close together while they talking to each other and they speak very quickly? Like we've all witnessed the Cardi B rant. You know. Okay, we know how, how fast those words come out when, when they go off.


We've seen DJ Envy get upset and how fast he starts talking. I'm not Dominican. Okay? Dominicans get to speaking faster than Japanese people. They start swallowing all they syllables, dropping the letter s at the end of words. And Alex said the brother irritated him with all that. You can hear that right? Like this wouldn't irritate you. Play it again. Ready? And you, You got your Mungo. You You know I don know I'm not Dominican. You do know. Stop looking at me. Okay. For a Dominican to tell another Dominican you are talking is irritating me. My God. I can only imagine how that span was traveling at the speed of light. Now they must have been arguing And. I believe. We all know what, at least the stereotype is that Dominicans are quick to stab you.


Okay, well, You know my motto. It's not a stereotype if it's true. So Alex Rodriguez brother was talking over the food irritating Alex. And there was a kitchen knife nearby. And Alex said he was worried his brother would grab the knife. So he grabbed it first and he stabbed his brother in the neck. When the brother took off running, Rodriguez followed him and cut him on his arm and face. The brother survived all praises due to God. And when officers arrived, they found him holding clothes on his wounds and he was taken to the hospital where he is now in stable condition. Now, some donkey days just sell themselves. There is never a reason to stab somebody unless it's in self-defense. Or if you're protecting someone you love. And there's absolutely never a reason to stab somebody over food.


And there's, oh God, what? And there's never, there's never a reason to stab someone because you'll talking over your food. I object your honor. Oh, Mac, big Mac is in the room ear. Okay. All right. See that? That it's always from skinny people. They, y'all don't understand. Absolutely have to stab somebody for talking over your food. Jesus. Why? Nobody eat no spit and grits. S crazy Jesus. What I look like ordering hot cakes and hot breath. Mm. I'm gonna be so upset. Okay? If I, if you see me in a BOT, BOT stands for bruh, lay off talking. Relax. Isn't crazy what they had. Sal. Sal and saliva. That's disgusting. Sal, Sal and saliva.


Nobody wants that. I I I disagree. Beck. What you mean you disagree? That's because see, imagine and, and Charlemagne is a talker. Imagine him saying on 'em s words over you. Right. You right, you right, right. Not right. Mess up the whole meal for mean You stabbed. Okay. A slap maybe, but a stab. I see the S's right now all over my food. It's tough already. Please let Remy ma give Alex Rodriguez the biggest. He haw Heehaw. Jesus heehaw you stupid mother. Are you dumb? And they were brothers. Yeah, Brothers man. He stabbed him in his neck. In his neck and then ran, Then ran after and He was Spanish. Cut him on his own. Dominican. Dominican, all that fast talk You know his breath was stinking, his breath was humming over the hummus.


It's just $2 Dominicans out there and drop What? Now? Salute to all of them. That's messed up. No ola to all my Dominicans out there. That's crazy. Did I say that right? What you mean all my Ola Ola. That's your family. That's I'm not Dominican. No. Okay. Alright. Well thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. During front page news, we were talking And, I asked what did the people, what did they think about them? Possibly saying Joe Biden should step down and allow Kamala Harris to rock out the next 60 days.


That was the Question. Yeah. This came from former communications director for Vice President Harris. Jamal Simmons. You got The audio. Lemme hear it. Joe Biden has been a phenomenal president. He's lived up to so many of the promises he's made there as one promise left that he could fulfill being a transitional figure. He could resign the presidency in the next 30 days. Made Kamala Harris, the president of the United States. Whoa. It would absolve from being able to have to, from having to oversee the January 6th transition right. Of, of her, of her own defeat. I think this is something that's in Joe Biden's control. And if he did it, it would, again, it would fulfill his promise, his last promise. It would give Kamala Harris the chance to be the 47th president of the United States of America. And it would make it easier for the next woman who runs for president to not have to worry about all the historical You know weight of being the first.


So the question is, what's your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Morgan Wood, wood who does the front page news agrees she feels like this will be something huge for women. It'll, she, as she said, I think break the glass ceiling, It would not break the glass ceiling. I disagree. I don't see the point because you don't play president. What's the point of putting her up there for 60 days for symbolism purposes? That's not breaking the glass ceiling because America didn't vote for her. How is that changing anything? I like, I like my guy Bakari Seller's idea where he said, so do mayor should retire from the Supreme Court. And then You know they make Kamala Harris a Supreme Court judge, which is a lifetime appointment. I I, that's something that ac that actually has real impact. I agree. I don, don don't, I don't even think Kamala Harris would want that.


'cause she lost like she, she lost. Like, why do you want, all right, you lost, but we gonna give you this consolation prize for 60 days. I don't even think she would want that. But wouldn't she have to do that anyway? Like, if, if anything would were to happen to President Biden or if he was to like, he, like he fell out of the race like he stepped outta the race. Now if He dies, she already had presidential duty for an hour. 'cause he had to get a colonoscopy. So she did. So how she do, how she do with that, for that for the album I don know how she did for that, for the, okay. But I I was just saying like, doesn't that automatically doesn't that automat wouldn't that automatically As a kid, I really do remember having these dreams and visions, but you just don't know what is gonna come for you.


Alicia Keys opens up about conquering doubt, learning to trust herself and leaning into her dreams. I think a lot of times we are built to doubt the possibilities for ourselves for self preservation and protection. It was literally that step by step. And so I discovered that that is how we get where we're going. This increment of small, determined moments. Alicia shares her wisdom on growth, gratitude, and the power of love. I forgive myself, it's okay. Like grace, have grace with yourself. You're trying your best and you're gonna figure out the rhythm of this thing. Alicia Keys, like you've never heard her before. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton And Daphne Zika. On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same. As Melrose's Place was introduced to The World, it took drama and mayhem to an entirely new level. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, every backs stab, blackmail and explosion. And every single wig removal together secrets are revealed as we rewatch every moment with you. Special Guests from back in the day will be dropping by You. know who they are. Sydnee, Allison and Joe are back together on Still the Place with the trip down memory lane and back to Melrose Place. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. Call It What It Is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming over first because don don't know. Let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you On that in-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Danny Shapiro, host of the HIT Podcast, family Secrets. How would you feel if when you met your biological father for the first time, he didn't even say hello. And how would you feel if your doctor advised you to keep your life altering medical procedure a secret from everyone? And what if your past itself was a secret and the time had suddenly come to share that past with your child? These are just a few of the powerful and profound questions will be asking on our 11th season of Family Secrets. Some of you have been with us since season one and others are just tuning in. Whatever the case and wherever you are, thank you for being part of our Family Secrets family, where every week we explore the secrets that are kept from us, the secrets we keep from others, and the secrets we keep from ourselves. Listen to season 11 of Family Secrets on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Happen. Like, yes, if something, but only if he died. If something happened. Yeah, if he died or he couldn't. Yeah, Max. So stupid man. But what makes sense? Everybody is so stupid. He gonna text me, talk about what's crazy is Biden can't be a transitional figure because Trump said he banning all his trans stuff. Oh my God. Mace 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss is The Breakfast Club Point? Stupid. The Breakfast. Club, Man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club nephew. Just joining us, we're talking about something we discussed earlier in front page news. They were saying that maybe Joe Biden should step down and let Kamala Harris rock out the last 60 days. And that was, and this came from who? Charlamagne Jamal Simmons. Jamal Simmons is the former comms director for, for the, for the vice president. Let's, let's hear what he had to say on State of the Union. Joe Biden's been a phenomenal president. He's lived up to so many of the promises he's made. There's one promise left that he could fulfill being a transitional figure. He could resign the presidency in the next 30 days. Make Kamala Harris, the president of the United States. Whoa. He would absolve from being able to, to from having to oversee the January 6th transition right.


Of, of her, of her own defeat. I think this is something that's in Joe Biden's control and if he did it, it would, again, it would fulfill his promise, his last promise. It would give Kamala Harris the chance to be the 47th president of the United States of America. And it would make it easier for the next woman who runs for president to not have to worry about all the historical You know weight of being the first. Alright, so that is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? What do you think? Just, I, I mean I thought that that would automatically happen anyway. Like if well, he would've to die. But see, I didn't know that you had to die. Like, because they were saying that he couldn't Yeah, because he well, he, well, you wouldn't be able to because he wasn't even equipped to finish the running, like to You know. Oh, so you basically say, say he, he, he couldn't even run.


So just let him Yeah. If he fell out the race and you You know and, and he noticed, he noticed that his old age was like You know getting to him and his job, the job that he has to do for his country. So, I mean, I don't really, it's neither here or there for me, honestly. Like my opinion, I thought she had to do that. But if she don't, I mean, I, and then to your point, she probably wouldn't want that. She would like that because, because she lost. Right. So they didn't vote for me. I didn't get it. Honestly, And I don't want it. Right. I get it. Yeah. I I I don't see the point of it. Like I said earlier, you don't play president. Like what's the point of putting her up there for 60 days just for symbolism purposes. That's not breaking the glass ceiling because America didn't vote for her. Breaking the glass ceiling is when America goes out there, cast their votes and a woman becomes president and then the ceiling is broken.


Now there's a bunch of cracks in the ceiling. Hillary put a bunch of cracks in the ceiling when she ran in 2016 and Kamala put about 75 more million cracks in the ceiling this time. So I don't see how You know making her a symbolic president for 60 days is going to change anything. Yeah, it doesn't make it easier for the next woman. No. 'cause it's going to be weight on a, the first woman president. It don't matter. Like it don't make it any lighter You know what I mean? Yeah. I don't Think it makes sense just because you make her the president for 60 days. And I will say, I like Bakari Seller's idea. My guy Bakari Sellers from South Carolina, he said that Sa Sotomayor should retire. Right? 'cause she's like 70 years old and she's had some health problems. So they're afraid that she might You know pass away over the next four years and then Trump will end up putting another judge on the Supreme Court.


I think he gonna get the opportunity to do two anyway. 'cause I think Alito and, and Ms. Thomas gonna retire. But he says that he feels like Sergeant Mayor should retire and they should, Biden should make Kamala Harris the new Supreme Court judge. That's a lifetime appointment. Now I don't know if that's gonna happen, but I like that idea. And to me, that's actually doing something of substance, not symbolism. Yeah. I I, I agree with you. I I don't don don't think she would want that. It wasn't earned And I don't think she would want that. She fought a good campaign. A, a good fight. And I don't think she would just want that. Just because people are saying and then she'd have it for 60 days. I think that's right. And it just sound like you saw lose, like you were soul loser. Let's just take down say then what does that say for our country? Like, all right, we gonna get this to her because Yeah, she cons brought, yeah.


Yeah. That's definitely a soul loser move. Now I think about it. Well, let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Tanisha. Hey, good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning. I definitely agree. I think the Democrats need to shake it up a little bit, but I do like Charlamagne's idea or whoever said that the judge should step down and give her that lifetime of appoint. Oh, that was my man, Bakari Sellers. He said that on CNN as well. I, I I love that idea. That's an idea of actual substance, not symbolism. I definitely love that idea, but I don't like the idea of it being considered a symbolism for the first woman and make it easier later. I think that the Democrats need to shake it up and show that we got a backbone.


I don't think that's the way to show they have a backbone. I, I honestly, I think I, I I was, I've historically called Democrats cowards. I think they showed a lot of backbone towards the later half of this year. Number one, by making President Biden step down. And by putting vice president Kamala Harris at the top of the ticket that took a lot of balls to do both those things. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Jay. Hey Jay. Good morning. What's your thoughts? I don't think don, don't think Biden's gonna do that. His ego is not gonna allow him to give that the presidency, presidency over to Kamala. And she shouldn't want it. It's not a consolation price. I, our first black woman president should not get 60 days. I'm With you. I Agree. Thank you mama. I'd rather it be earned Not giving.


Yeah, I feel the same thing. Hello. Who's this? Yeah. You know the vibe is mellow. Mellow, mellow. What's happening Melo. How y'all doing? Yo, Jess Welcome to back camera because every time I see you I smile. What's up baby? How you doing? Yo, what I to tell you about? Call me baby. I love Oh my bad. How you doing? Life is amazing. It is what it should be. Come on. What's your comment? Melo hoop. Oh yeah. My, my, I think like as much as I would love to see Kamala Harris become the first president, I would love to see that. But I feel like it'd be a slap in the face to just let her do it. Especially considering if she does. Amazing. Because then it's like, damn, we really f up. Like I most black people know we f up, but how Amazing, how amazing can she do in 60 days?


60 Days? Yeah. Like what Are we talking about? Man? Listen, honestly, she could have a bigger impact. You know right now everybody's extension fan is so short. Like we, like you say, what can she really do in 60 days? We might as well just storm the capitol. We not gonna storm the capitol. Goodbye Melo. I don't even know what he talking About. Oh my goodness. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Early this morning we were talking about, they talked about Joe Biden step stepping down and letting Kamala Harris rock out for the next 60 days. What are your thoughts? Let's discuss 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Us The, Breakfast Club. Good morning.


If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you're just joining us, we had a conversation this morning during Get it off your chest. And we were talking about people saying that Joe Biden should step down and allow Kamala Harris to rock out for the next 60 days. Morgan who does front page news says she's all for it. She agrees. She thinks that it's something that can break the glass ceiling. No, I disagree. I I think it's, she didn't earn it. I don't even think she would want to do that. Like she didn't get that. I, I think if she wants, if she wins, she wants to win the right way. In my opinion.


Listen, You don't play president just like you don't play boxing just like you don't play standup comedy. Okay? Right. You can go in that ring playing. You don't get knocked out. You can go up on that stage playing. You don't get booed. Yes. What's the point of putting her up there for 60 days for symbolism purposes? That's not breaking the glass ceiling. 'cause America didn't vote for her. Right. That's not changing anything. Right? Hello? Who's this? How you doing this, Nory? Hey, what's up Nory? What's your, what's your comment? Good morning. They're gonna need a medical note if they wanna put her in just like that because it'll be the same criticism from the other side. That it was a coup. The other side said that while he was campaigning, they just removed him and Kamala took over. This was his theory and his propaganda in the whole Country.


It is Kamala. I I really feel like she didn't win. 'cause y'all don't know her name. Y'all wouldn't names Still to this name. People Call who? Who's Kamala man. Okay. Thank you man. Hello. Who's this? Yo, It's city. What's up bro? What's, what's your thoughts? Nah, I feel like it makes zero sense for Kamala Harris to become president. She wasn't qualified enough to become the president already. But why should she be president for 60 days? She's definitely, she's definitely qualified, but she lost And I think it's this very sore loser behavior. I agree to try to give her this type of consolation prize or even You know, say that she should get this kind of Constellation prize.


It's, it's ridiculous. I Don't even think she would want to do it now. It wouldn't make sense. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's going on y'all? My name is Will. What's Up? Good morning, will. I was just gonna say I, I agree with Charlamagne. I got two, three things to say. I'm gonna be quick, but I agree with Charlamagne. I don't understand why we can't get a seat at the table and we gotta eat the crumbs when, when they get done eating You. know what I'm saying? That lady's overqualified. She got a flawless political record like, baby girl, go ahead and go to that Supreme Court seat You. know what I'm saying? Because if she was to be the president, they wasn't gonna pass a damn law anyway. So it wasn't meant to be You. know what I'm saying? Okay. I agree with you. Thank You brother. Yeah, I, I, I just don't understand that and shout, man, you keep doing your thing, man.


I, one thing I like about you, you, you showing black men that they don't have to be a shadow of themselves and they can speak truth to power. You see how them politicians call you up on their networks and, and, and, and really balance your opinion. And respect your opinion. So keep doing what you're doing, man. Thank you King. I appreciate you brother. What's the moral of the story guys? Listen, the moral of the story is this man, I I don, don don't agree with it. It doesn't make it easier for the next woman. It's a Constellation prize. It doesn't make the weight of a woman being present in any lighter. If anything, it makes it heavier because people will say Kamala didn't earn it. So when the next woman comes up, they'll keep bringing that up. But also man, things happen for a reason and they happen when they supposed to happen. We keep saying America's not ready for a woman president.


I disagree. I think it's only a matter of time. 'cause when you look at Hillary in 2016, she won the popular vote by almost 3 million votes. Yeah. Nearly 67 million people voted for her. So that's 67 million votes. 67 million cracks in that glass ceiling. This year Kamala had over 71 million people vote for her. So that's 71 million cracks in that glass ceiling. So it's only a matter of time. That's right. It's only a matter of time. Alright, well we have justice The mess coming up. What we talking about? A big accomplishment for CAA Nuts. Okay. Yes. Alright, well we'll get into Kasa. Not when we come back. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess. News is real hilarious. Just Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. So we got some quick, some quick accomplishments. StanNet celebrates his new record. So he made history by becoming Twitch's most subscribed to streamer. He broke the record after surpassing 326,252 subscribers.


So congratulations. That's amazing Astronaut. That's amazing. He said yesterday he turned down a $60 million deal. Somebody wanted him to, I guess do one of his streams live at their set and he turned it down. So the fact that he could turn down 60 million Hell yeah. Probably means he was getting more money somewhere else. That's so congratulations to that young man. I think he's from Queens too. Queens New York. So salute. He definitely from New York, Kant and Queens out there. I love that. Yeah, I love him too. My son loves him. So I actually really love how, how like how he's a kid waking up every day doing what he wants to do. I love it. Doing something that he loves to do. He loves, he can connect with the youth. Like I really, really love that. I love that. The only problem with it is sometimes I gotta tell my kids and other kids you're not s and not Yeah. 'cause kids wanna say I'm gonna stream all day dad.


And make me like, look, it took a long time. He built that from the ground up. You're not Kai syn out. There's gonna be some more Kai syn. But yeah, go to school. You're not kaisan out. That's what I told my son. Lil Wayne joins game day. So the NFL network announced that Lil Wayne will be joining NFL Game Day morning as a weekly guest commentator. Big announcement guys. L Wayne. Yes. Wheezy F Baby. He's gonna join Game day. Morning every week. Beginning next Sunday. Mooch. Yeah, You know he is got a pretty famous lyric about lasagna. So can't wait. See you guys. Chop it out and make sure you call him say wheezy F Baby. Yeah, it's, or don't say it at all. Don't. I'll say it. I'll say Lisa, not Lil Lazy. And the F is for football.


I know that's right. The F is for football. I feel like this is great because, well for many different reasons shout out to Lil Wayne, but this kind of would make up for him not being able to perform at the Super Bowl. I think this is good for him. And I think it's great. And he's a football fanatic. Yeah, I think he's a Packer fan, right? He's like a, A Cheesehead, right? Yeah. Yeah. He's a Cheesehead. So he's a huge Packer fan. He talks about football all the damn time. And this is something that you could just tell he's natural with like, it's not like he's forcing it. He loves football, he watches football every weekend. So the fact that he's doing that, I love to get perspective from not just the quote unquote experts, but people in our field that can talk to us the same way as well. Absolutely. And then Young Thug, future Little Baby and Travis Scott. They might got some, some music cooking up 'cause they was saying in the studio yesterday together y'all.


So hopefully we get some hot fire coming from them. And then this is the story that I wanted to talk about. Okay, so Aisha Howard on the baby gender. Okay. Aisha Howard is the mother of Anthony Edwards child and she's also the mother of Lil Baby's first child. She recently went on Instagram and a follower had asked her how she felt when she found out that she was having a girl by Anthony Edwards. Right. And she said I cried only because I thought about how tall she'd be. And I. Don't know why, but I just keep thinking about her difficulty finding a prom date for her height. I went no finding a prom date, her height. I went straight into girl drama. Hmm. My thing is baby not even here yet. Why are we already worried? Why are you worried about who she dating?


Like who she gonna be dating? And she and You know what? My daughter gonna be tall too. 'cause my baby father tall, Chris is tall as hell. Like 6 2, 6 3, something like that. So my daughter gonna be tall, but I'm Why we worried about who she gonna be dating at prom? Like come on Aisha, I'm with you. I understand. But You know first you want a healthy baby. Right? That's the most you want the baby to be healthy then we can worry about that. But them tall, them tall women be having a problem. I know tall them, tall women. Angel Reese up here and she was saying, yo, I don't like the short dudes. Well you bet. My sister Mercedes, she about six. She is six something. Yep. And, and it was hard for her to find a man 'cause everybody was shorter than her. And then she was like, when I put on heels, yeah. I'm towering over the person. Yeah.


So I feel bad for tall women, but she shouldn't be looking at that right now. Like not right now. Right. Because the baby might take after her 'cause she ain't that big. That's You know True You. know what I'm saying? Like you just can't. Oh my gosh. But either way that bothers me a little bit. Maybe it triggering me. 'cause my daughter gonna be tall. But you don't even know if your baby gonna be tall yet. She already, she was born long. Yo. 19 inches. Oh yeah. She gonna be tall. She gonna, first of all, first of all, she gonna be tall. Relax, she gonna be tall. I know. Y like how do You know my baby? 19. Oh yeah. Right. You're right. 19 inches yo. Long as hell. So your baby's two years old right now as a baby. And baby, baby pretty tall. So that is just with the mess y'all. All right, well that is just with the mess.


Now don't forget, Jess is gonna be out in DC this weekend if you haven't got your tickets. Where you gonna be in DC? I'm gonna be at the Warner Theater. The doors open at six and the show starts at seven. Get your tickets@livenation.com or jess aria official.com or Warner theater dc.com. Y'all, me and Desi gonna bring the fire to the stage.


Also, if you're in the New York area tomorrow, Charlemagne is doing something special at his dispensary with Rayquan. A whole bunch of people are pulling up. It's in Newark. It's premium cannabis company. I'm gonna be stopping through 'cause You know I like my my cannabis. Absolutely. That's right. And. don. Don't know if you're gonna be stopping through, but if not, I'm, I know what you like. Thank you. I I, I'll pick you up some flour. Thank you. All right. Now the People's Choice mixes up. Next, get your request in 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Morning everybody, it's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club


Now Charlemagne. Yes indeed. What are you doing tomorrow? Newark. Oh man. Sleuth. Everybody in Newark, New Jersey, man. Tomorrow is the grand opening of a new dispensary in Newark called Astoria. Okay. It is located at 7 9 9 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey from 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM They gonna have a DJ out there. They gonna have giveaways. They gonna have raffles. The good brother Rayquan, the chef is gonna be out there. You know that's his spot. I'm gonna be out there along with Rayquan You know that's my business partner. Fat Joe is gonna be out there. It's a lot of different people that's gonna be pulling up, man. From 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM 7 9 9 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey. Okay. Astoria. It is a premium dispensary. If you want more info, go to astoria.com and we'll see you tomorrow, man. We'll be there from 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM


So we'll see you tomorrow at Astoria in Newark, New Jersey. Now this weekend, you out in dc? Yes, I'm at the Warner Theater Show. Starts at seven, doors open at six this Friday y'all to make sure y'all get y'all tickets. And then this Saturday I have a premiere. My brother Desi has his own movie coming out. It's called Flood Starring Me. Yo. He put me Rome and my father in it. Jesus like, yeah, but it's, it is a good one. So it's a documentary? No, it's an actual movie, y'all. No, it's an actual movie. Yo. It is a movie. And Dey is my, for those who don't know, he is my opener. He's been torn with me forever. He's also a standup comedian. But yeah, that's my brother, man.


Hilarious. Yeah, he is funny. But now we got a Friday, we got DC and then Saturday we got the premiere for the movie Flood Coming soon on, soon as he tell me which network is streaming on. I'm gonna let y'all know. Tubby. Yo. Yeah, but okay, he said don't say that. Okay. My bad. My bad. He said don't say it, but my bad. Yeah, my bad. We got the positive notice. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve. JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do, man. The positive note is simple. Take your life and enjoy it. Okay? You are alive, so take your life and enjoy it.


You are born with the right to be happy, to love and to share your love. Just to be, to take a risk and enjoy your life is all that matters, man. Take your life and enjoy it. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do Y'all finish or y'all done as a kid? I really do remember having these dreams and visions, but you just don't know what is gonna come for you. Alicia shares her wisdom on growth, gratitude, and the power of love. I forgive myself. It's okay. Have grace with yourself. You're trying your best and you're gonna figure out the rhythm of this thing. Alicia Keys, like you've never heard her before. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetti on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Gracia. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to. We're talking Ika Los and all things trending in Michael Cultura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and wildlife stories, combos on the issues that matter to us. And it's all packed with Gem Sponge, straight up Comia. And that's a song that only Ste can sprinkle. Listen to, gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey friends, Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington.


And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That? We are actually besties in real life and As all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It, What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey guys, I'm Kate Max. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going.


That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal in every single wig removal together.


So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.