
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a BOS premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken, and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


piece To the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne. The God and Summer in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy Win. Alina Wa They've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now. Screaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo, Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, Yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The God Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning. That's Right. Good morning. Wednesday. Middle of the week. How you feeling, Jess? I Feel good. That's it. That's it, y'all. That's it. Just feel good. That's all Takes. That's the what you Me, Tony. Tony. Tony made a whole song about it. That's right. That's all it takes. That's right. Y'all know that song that I like? Yo don't wanna be like, Ooh, I wanna set you up.


You up. Yeah. So that's my jam. Young People, boy, Jesus Christ. You know a song? I like the national anthem. Oh, saying, can you, you see? Yeah, sure. We everybody knows what pick you up. Oh, whatever. Did you just hear that song this morning or something? No. I just really Love it. Just like that song. Okay. Yes. Alright. I'll tell you a old B You are like Aretha Franklin. A Rose is still a rose. Oh yeah. Oh my God. You know, you never heard. Nope. Damn. I know Respect. Oh, that's good. That's older. That's older than a Rose. Is La Rose? Yes it is actually. Yes. All right, well we got some people joining us this morning. We got the Champ. The Champ coming. Clarissa Shields. He's scheduled to fight Lanny Daniels on July 26th in Detroit. So we're going to kick it with Clarissa. Yep. And also with a fan Coming here, rapping with her.


I seen an interview with Clarissa and Pap. They were both in the boxing gym and they were talking to her and Pat was there and the guy was just like, yo Pap, start rapping. Start rapping. And Pap just started rapping in the gym with Clarissa. You making, if you might miss her, don't try to dis her. It just went home. God and Pat was being Pap. So that's what Pap does. So if Pap does come with her, he's gonna rap. Okay. All right. Also, Mickie, Sherrill, Nike, Mikey. Cheryl. Mikey. Yeah. Her name is like Nike. But Mikey. Yes. So Mikey Cheryl will be joining us. Yeah. She's representative for New Jersey's 11th Con congressional district. And she Congresswoman in New Jersey. Yep. For Governor of New Jersey. Against our Ross and the host of others. So we'll talk to her this morning as well. Alright, let's get the show Crack.


We got front page news. Morgan gonna be joining us and today would've been notorious B'S 53rd birthday. So can we play some big to start the show? That's why, that's why age is a blessing. You know what Emini here, if you woke up this morning and you enjoying a birthday and you 50 plus years old, you better embrace it. 'cause a lot of people didn't make it. Yout got the remix to it. And that's Still young too. Ain. Ain. Got it there. One more chance. Remix. Nah. Alright. Anyways, it's notorious. BIG. Happy birthday. He would've been 53. It's The Breakfast Club. We got front page news next and We not gonna get to the part when Biggie says Sex and Me while your man Masturbates. And then did he ghost? Yeah. It's like biggie, like puff. That's not what I was talking about. You took it the wrong way. Why Didn't you play it for real?


Stupid? What part is that? That's in the, in the third verse, right? I don't remember. Well, okay, anyway. Morning everybody. It's TJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news. Alright. All right. OKC destroyed the Twin Timberwolves last night. 1 14 88. They lead the series one Zero. The Knicks actually play tonight. What up, Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. Good morning everybody. Good morning. Gura good. Y'all feeling good? All good, man. All right, let's get into it. First on front page, president Trump is calling for Republican lawmakers to pass his so-called big beautiful bill. He attended a House Republican conference meeting on Capitol Hill yesterday.


In an effort to push that bill, Trump said, progress is being made. I will say I was there when he addressed reporters during his visit at the Capitol. And here's what he had to say about that meeting. Let's take a listen. Hey, that was a meeting of love. Let me tell you, that was love in that room. There was no shouting there. I think it was a meeting of love. There were a couple of things that we talked about specifically where some people felt a little bit one way or the other, not a big deal. And I covered them. It wasn't so much a speech. I covered certain points. So we are gonna cut drug prices by from 75 to 85 in some cases, even more than that. So Trump added, there were a few concerns.


He helped clear up and thinks the legislation will move forward. Now, the bill, the bill cleared the GOP LED committee in the house on Sunday. I also attended a press conference for or of sorts for GOP leaders. And here's what house speaker Mike Johnson had to say about the legislation. The big beautiful bill. Let's take a listen to Mike Johnson. This is really simple. We're delivering, we're doing what we said we are gonna do. When you talk about putting Americans first, we're making the largest investment in border security and over a generation providing nearly $150 billion to secure our border and deport illegal aliens. We are cracking down on illegal aliens receiving Medicaid, Medicare, snap, and tax benefits that are intended for the citizens of this country.


We're shifting the cost of adjudication in the immigration system from the American taxpayer to the aliens themselves. So he went on to say that those cuts that we're hearing about and Medicaid and Medicare and snap, they're directly supposed to be impacting those immigrants or migrants who shouldn't supposedly should not be receiving those. So Speaker Johnson and other GOP leaders, they also refuse to take questions. That's why I said it was a a a a press conference of sorts. But despite being rules that there are in place, that they are supposed to take questions from reporters. So this adds to your case CTG, that we may be in that post constitutional society where our very own government is breaking its own rules when it's convenient for them, while also calling out and claiming those who are breaking rules on the other side.


Yeah, That's obvious. What about infrastructure for these airports? You know, because that's a disaster waiting to happen. I saw Secretary of Transportation, Sean Duffy saying that, you know, the airports just need a overhaul, overhaul when it comes, you know, infrastructure. Is there any of that in the bill? Yeah, I believe so. Absolutely. He supposed to, supposedly there is a something in the bill regarding infrastructure. I will say also no tax on tips is also headed to the house after it passed unanimously in the Senate yesterday. Now that Bill establishes a new tax de deduction for up to $25,000 for tips. Now, meanwhile, house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries of New York, he contends the rules committee, which is scheduled.


Well, they took up the measure last night. They're looking to hide the debate. Supposedly hide the debate. Let's take a listen to house minority leaders Hakeem Jeffries comments in regards to this so-called big, beautiful Bill. Republicans know that their efforts to take away healthcare from millions of Americans is deeply unpopular. So yeah, that pretty much covers that you guys, we'll see what happens as a result. Again, they are going to continue working on getting this through the, for the remainder of the weekend. They said that they wanna have this done by Memorial Day. So we will see what happens as a result of that.


That's Why, why Hakeem acting like his stepdaddy. Chuck Schumann, don't support the builder. Mm. You can't just call out Republicans about the bill. You gotta call out, you know your stepdaddy Chuck Schumer too. Hake. Okay. Chuck has already, Chuck has already bowed down to Trump and agreed to vote for the bill. So, all right, We'll clock that tea then. Alright. At seven we'll talk about the golden dome that Trump wants. And for our defense here in America, we'll get into that at seven. Stick around. All right, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad Or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? Hey this Vince. How you doing? Good morning. What's up Vince? Good morning. Get it off your chest, brother. Hey, so why we always, we out here talking about oily boy Beatty boy. Hey, why, why we not talking about Harvey Weinstein's retrial that's going on in New York right now. Harvey Weinstein's on retrial. I didn't, he was on retrial. Yeah. Yeah. See that's the thing. They talking about that. But he on, he on retrial right now. I ain't know nothing about no retrial, but I know Harvey Weinstein in prison.


Well, he getting retried and, and then whatever happened on the Epstein files, The Epstein files, the Epstein files came out. Well, Emini here. Whatever happened with all those people that was supposed to get in trouble. So we, we talking about Diddy, but the white people get a pass. I don't know why we say to white people get a pass when Harvey Weinstein's in prison and Jeffrey, Jeffrey Epstein died in jail. Yeah. Harvey Weinstein Is found guilty. We say why? I don't understand what we, I, yes, there sometimes there's not, not sometimes, you know, often there's a double standard. But in recent years, no. I, I Like Harvey Weinstein is in prison right now. You just said he is on retrial and Jeffrey Epstein died in Jail. He died in prison. Yeah. I do have a question though. Something I gotta get off my chest. Hmm. I be confused with Uber Eats. Right.


Lemme explain. You give a tip then you gotta pay a delivery fee. Yeah. And then a service fee. Yeah, that's a lot. So you get a delivery fee. Ain't that a tip? And then a service fee, a tip. And then you want a tip. I'm confused. Hey, that was a hard left, bro. We went from rape to to tips. We just get it off my chest like I'm telling you, don't we off my chest? I thought you was about to be. Nah, at least in the ballpark of the conversation. I'm just getting it off my chest. What? You can call me Over your chest. I'm just, I'm just confused. It's a lot of fees. At least say unrelated, you know, Hey man, let's change the subject. Something you Just Say, I got questions, I got got questions. Just get it on my chest. Eat What? But you ain't help me. No, it isn't Emini here. I don't, I don't work there. Yo, I don't know. I just know that the service fee goes to DoorDash.


They, they, they getting our money. Them drivers really don't make nothing. So Who get the delivery fee? DoorDash. How Did get the delivery fee when somebody else delivers it? It's America. That's, that is crazy. I didn't Emini here. You know what's so funny? I don, I saw Harvey Weinstein in the news and didn't even realize why he was in the news. I seen him on the phone, but I thought it, I saw him on the phone. I didn't realize he was the avenue re I thought he was, I thought he was damn near dying. He In jail On the phone? Yeah, the jail phone. The Oh, okay. He, he just, he just not the hot topic. No, sadly. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is Sean. Sean, what up? Get off your chest. Yeah, man. First off, I wanted to call in, y'all had this topic maybe a week ago about the 20 year age gap. Yep. Just one. Shout out my wife. Hey man.


12 years marriage. 20 year age gap. How old are you? Who older? I'm saying. Oh, she older. I'm 33. Oh, she 53. Ma. So y'all met when she was 43 and you was 23? Yeah, we met in, we actually met in college. Oh, She, she went back to school. She An professor. Oh, she was Your teacher. She had went back to school. No, she had went back to school. Actually her and her daughter went back to school and yeah, she was like, oh yeah, I don't play with kids. I'm like, I don't either. You know what I'm saying? Mm. Yeah. You And I See, see, see, see, now that's, that's a hard way to start a relationship off. I don't play with kids. But then you end up playing with 'em and marrying him. Hey, you know what I'm saying? Well, daddy go to, you Know, I was raised, I was raised by my grandfather and you know, IP my grandmother, you know, so grew up with a old soul.


You know what I'm saying? So I shout out to all five. I got five kids. Shout out to all of 'em. Okay. You have five kids with a 43-year-old? What? They they mine, but they ain't mine. Oh. I about to, okay. Gotcha, gotcha. Got Gotcha. So you came with a ready made family. You just had to add water. That's what Yo Yeah, for sure. You know what I'm saying? All she needed was a little sunlight. You know what Emini here, you Know what's so crazy? If the tables would've been turned and he was 43 and she was 23, you'd be like, ah, that's that Sound. Yeah, it would definitely be a big deal. It would be crazy. Hey, one thing, one, one more thing before I go. Like I say, our anniversary was yesterday, man. Like I said, I was just wanting shout out to my wife, man. Love you. Next thing, I've been in construction for a little minute, trying to promote my, my black owned business.


You can look me up. I'm online@ellsolutions.com. I'm trying to earner solutions. Go to non-traditional route no loans based out Florida. Give everybody your information Right now. Www earner solutions.com. If you go on the website, just reach out, you know, put down your information. Pretty much what we're doing, like I said, I've been in construction for a while. We looking for property acquisitions to eventually get into the construction business. You know what I'm saying? So building that portfolio to kind of add to my experience. Any one of y'all also, if y'all want to reach out, you know, help me with the, the funding, you can send it to T Butterfly 26 on Cash App T Butterfly.


That's your nickname? Yeah, that's, that's for my wife. Oh, okay. Okay. All Right brother. Yeah. T bubble 5 26. All right, well Peace man. You And I cool brother. You and your Cougar wife. Have a great anniversary brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest, Man or black. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Good morning. It's Krista. What's up Krista? How y'all doing? I've been trying to call for like weeks now. My God.


What Happened? What's up Krista? Well, the line's been busy. Sorry, But we glad you finally got through. Of course. Hope y'all doing okay. I just wanna let Jess know that I did buy her tickets in Connecticut, so I will be in the first row. Unfortunately, I don't have anybody with me, so it's just gonna be me there alone. So, but I'm coming to support for sure. It's All good. You gonna laugh by yourself either way. It's fine. It's Cool. Exactly. I need that. Can't wait to see you, girl. All right, well I look forward to it. I hope you guys have a great day. You too, Too. Enjoy the show. Okay. Bye guys. Now where can people get tickets? Fox Woods. I will be at Foxwoods this Friday in Mucke Connecticut.


Jess official.com. Get your tickets. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's up man? My name is Chris. What's up Chris? Get it off your chest. Yeah. What's up? I, I, I listen to you guys all the time. I, I watch you guys all the time on YouTube And I just realized like a few days ago, like you guys have like a huge picture of Diddy hanging up like behind the guests every time you guys inter have interviews and it just looks kind of bad. That's not a picture. What it is is our guy, Justin Richburg did art. So he did art for the whole wall. So all the pictures in here are moments that happened on The Breakfast Club. We didn't know that Diddy was gonna turn out to, you know, end up getting a Rico charge for all of the things he got a Rico charge for sir.


And it's not just Diddy. There's a lot of people on this wall, you know, who've got accusations and allegations and charges. It's just, it's history. You think about it when Did kind of know that Diddy was Going to be going Yeah. What you want us to do. It's history. Nothing we can do about that. Yeah. Emini here. You could definitely cover it up, but like, you know what I'm saying? Poor Ed Shean, you know, IIII don't think we need to cover Up Ed. She, it doesn't take back the history that he's been up here on The Breakfast Club Though. Yeah. You can't, you can't erase, you can't erase who people were, they still did what they did. He Ain't do nothing to Ed Shean. Yeah, yeah. Emini here. I feel you. I guess. Oh man. All right man. Have a good one man. Yes, you too. Alright, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5. Actually, You know, the reason you shouldn't cover stuff like that up is because you should look and it should always be teachable moments for people.


You know what I'm saying? All of this is a learning lesson. If you actually, you know, are, are, are, yes. Are be aware of what a person has done. That's Right. Yeah. Alright, well we got the latest with Lauren. What up Lauren? Hey, good morning. Yes, we do got the latest with Lauren coming up and it's, it's a lot. Where you wanna start the breakfast? Demanding, allegedly 20 K from Cassie's mom. Damn. Yeah, kid Cutty taking the stand. Damn. We learned about freezer meat and a guy named the Punisher damn Freezer. My god. It's the hardest it can get is what he Said. Damn. Damn. He had me in the freezer. I ain't hear that one. Now you gotta put me on the game. All right. All right, all right. We'll get into that next. I heard you on Angie Mall yesterday too. Yeah, I Was just in here. Y'all know I still be at work all day. I was just in here and they, and they came over and was like, Hey, come over.


I was like, okay. And I walked in. She was like, Diddy, I was like, oh, okay. I had a long break about Diddy. I was, I was intrigued. Yeah, I was intrigued. Alright Diddy, you gonna court today? I am gonna court today And I don't be there the whole day. I not like leaving court 'cause I don't like having to trust of what other people are saying happened. Okay. Alright, well we'll get to the latest with Lauren X. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becomes a straight, she gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on you.


Good Lord. The latest with Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me Now. Yesterday in court, Cassie's mom took the stand. Her name is Regina Ventura. And she got on the stand and said, and she, oh, she got on the stand and alleged that Diddy demanded $20,000 from her and her husband, which they paid at a drop of a dime because he was upset that Cassie was dating Kid Cudi. Now her, her, her super, her testimony was very short and to the point. The prosecutors asked her a few questions about, you know, just her relationship, the background when she met him. And she said, you know, my daughter was his artist.


And then it, it progressed into her dating him. She moved to LA and we would only see her certain times. She then began to talk about how like those certain times would be Cassie coming home for the holidays. She went into one holiday. When Cassie came home on December, Cassie came home and this was after she had called Cassie before and been like, Hey, I'm hearing or I'm reading these blind items online that are saying that, you know, that are legend. That Diddy's putting his hands on you, that you got beat up in the back of a car. What's going on? And she's like said, she said, Cassie said, no mom, that's not me. That's not us. That didn't happen. But the Cassie came home this one Christmas and she had marks on her body and they then had to sit down and have a conversation about the physical abuse that Cassie was experiencing in that moment. Her mom said that, that they took pictures.


Mind you, we had seen these pictures in the court because Cassie, they talked about it with Cassie when she was on the stand. But her mom came and added some more context as to why they took pictures of the bruises. And her mom said it was simply because we wanted to memorialize the moment. Right? Like we wanted to basically have, I know that this is happening. Proof Evidence, just in case Have proof that it happening. Exactly. Then she talked about Kid Cudi, the mom, Cassie's mom talked about Kid Cuddy coming to her home and visiting her, being there for a few days. But then they got to the 20 k and and the mom said Diddy was upset. He had reached out and allegedly told her, look, I just spent $20,000 on on Cassie and now she's dating Kid Cuddy And I need to re recoup my money. So y'all send me this money.


And this was after they had gotten this email that Cassie had sent. They as in Cassie's parents detailing the fact that Diddy had had these sex tapes allegedly. That he, he threatened Cassie to release and he had threatened her that something was gonna happen to her and Kid Cudi and that his hands weren't gonna be, it wasn't gonna come from his hands. He would actually be out of the country. Cassie sent that email to her mom. 'cause again, I think she just wanted some record of it. 'cause she was, you know, she was scared allegedly. Her mom was like, okay, so we, we get told about this, these sex tapes that caught me off guard and all this stuff. It's catching me off guard. And then he calls talking about, you know, a allegedly calls talking about this $20,000 demand. She said they went and took out a home equity loan, paid the $20,000. And the prosecutor, prosecutor said, well why did you guys pay it?


Like why did you? And she said, we were scared for our daughter's lives. So they paid the money four to five days later. Wait, before that, let me back up. The prosecutor then asked her, well how did you even know how to pay the money and who to pay it to? She says, Cassie's mom alleges that one of Diddy's like bookkeepers sent an email with all of the information of how to wire it to him. They sent it four to five days later, the money came back. No conversation, no nothing. They never spoke to him about it. That's One of the specific things in the lawsuit. They said that he was using sex tapes and sexual images to blackmail. Yes. Cassie. Well now, well and other people now I think, well they should have known before. But now I, I guess people can understand why Cassie and Cassie's family is going so hard. If you call me my, my my, you know my daughter and say you got my daughter's sex tape And I'm gonna release it for $20,000.


Yeah. And you're a hundred millionaire And I had to take out a home loan. I had to take a home, a home loan to pay that straight power man. Because you had the money. You didn't need the money. You did it 'cause you just wanted to make me do it. Exactly. I'm going to try to bury you the power. If not try to hurt you myself. No, let me tell you, talking about her. That's crazy. Hurt you, hurt you myself. Her mom then talked about another incident where they flew into LA for Cassie's 30th birthday. And this, this was Cassie's birthday's in August. So she was like, it's August, we find La Cassie's birthday. It's her 30th. So, you know, they're excited. That's that's their baby. They get there and Diddy and Cassie allegedly are already going through their things. And there's an incident that goes down where Diddy takes Cassie's phone allegedly. And her mom, she, her Cassie tells her mom and her mom is trying to get the phone back.


So they're outside of Cassie's apartment. Cassie's mother Diddy and allegedly D Rock arguing. Cassie's mom said, oh, I was yelling at him. I was trying to hit him. The only reason she allegedly she couldn't get to 'em is 'cause D Rock was in the middle of them. So now you have this older woman outside trying to fight you to get her baby's phone back allegedly Right. D Rock's in the middle. It was crazy. He, she said Didi Cassie's mom says that Didi did not give the phone back, but Emini here, I'm sorry he did give the phone back, but when he left, he left with Cassie's car, allegedly it was a Jaguar car that he left with. And, and prosecutor's like, well how did you know that he left with the car? She said, I saw it drive off. So then that goes back to a lot of what Cassie was saying on saying originally like he controlled everything he would, would take things when he got upset, allegedly he would do different things.


So she kind of had to do her job as she kept mentioning, damn, What about Kid Cudi? I heard Kid Cudi iss taking a stand Kid Cudi is taking a stand. I wanna say before we get to Kid Cudi, this Cassie's mother was the first witness that Diddy's team did not cross ex, they didn't ask her no questions. The lawyer stood up, introduced himself and said, I have no questions for you. That was the first time we ever seen that in court. 'cause what you gonna say to that woman? Nothing. Exactly. Now Kid Cudi. Yes. So yesterday, man on The stand Yesterday at the end they started to talk about the rest of the week and they said that Kid Cudi will be in court this week. They said that today, Wednesday, if they were able to, they would get to Kid Cudi and he would be testifying. But from what I'm told, what the testimonies are gonna be set up today, they don't really think that they'll get to him today. That it's actually supposed to be Thursday.


Which is going to be a, he's a huge witness as well too because he's gonna speak to of course a lot of the, the arson a again, but the arson, the card stuff that, but Also the conversation that they had at that dinner night. That Alleged conversation, that alleged conversation they had at that restaurant. And they is Cassie Diddy and Kid Cudi because Cassie alleged that Diddy came and sat them all down and said, I don't like what's going on here basically and y'all need what? What's happening filled me in because he felt away. Diddy seem is all legend that Diddy, he did that because he felt away because he put them in the studio together and then they started dating Cassie's like regardless of the situation it was, it was threatening. And he mentioned that he was gonna do things allegedly to Kit Cudi and into her, the car came into conversation and at that dinner, Cassie alleges that Kit Cudi said to Diddy, well what about my car?


And Diddy said, well car are you talking about? Yeah, But people who don't know, he allegedly blew his car up. Yes. Oh sorry, I forgot. That's a major point to say Yes. Yes. Yeah. 'cause he allegedly blew his car up. What about My car? Jesus. Jesus. That's gonna be big man. 'cause you know, did he allegedly threatened to kill him, went to his house with a loaded gun. And that's gonna be a really interesting part of the trial. 'cause it'll probably start with, with Cudi and then there'll be another witness who used to work for Didier. He will probably come in and confirm. Confirm a lot of Cuddy's testimony. Now what about Big Punisher? That his penis couldn't get hard and he had to, first Of all, first of all you need to, you need to watch how you say that because people won't think you're talking about the rapper. Oh there's a rapper named Big Punisher. Yes. Ever Passed away. Big Punisher. Big pun.


Passed away 30 years Ago and did even freaking off for 30 years. I didn't know That. Allegedly. Big pun full name was Big Punisher. Exactly. I never knew that but so say say The Guy's name but name is the, his name is the Punisher. His actual name is, let me look it up. It's like Sharay. It's Sharay Hayes. He actually from New York and he wrote a book called In Search of Freezer Meat. But we have to get to that in the next hour because the name of is code what in search of freezer meat. So Hold on. What? Hold on. Yo, before we move, just tell were they cutting off penises and freezing them or just No, he leans into,


Hey, what up Y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


Piece to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne to God and Summit in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus this season the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy winner Elna Wa. They've been loyal, they've been patient and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now screaming only on the Paramount plus with Showtime plan


Freezer and meat because he said you know, if it's frozen that's the hardest it can get in the book is about mental health and how erectile dysfunction can play into your mental health. What That got to do with pork loins though? And tenderloins and chicken and thigh breath in the freezer In searching for 'em. Well it was, it was. Did he say he couldn't get erect during the Freak off and yeah they gonna called him back. They No, they called him back a couple times we gonna get So he wrote a book about that. He wrote a book about it. Envy we gonna get remember in the first one. Okay. Freezer Crazy Envy Putting meat in the freezer to make it hard as it can get is insane. Not envy. Got a book bestie. I don't ever wanna be that.


Why are people so horny? You the only one. That's crazy. The only one Teresa Meat Lovingness. Yes. I'm trying to figure it out honey. I'm trying. Yes. I want I I'll find out. Next album. Surprise. Yeah And we're gonna start organizing the witnesses under the charges because now it's starting to all lay out And I want us to like put it in places. Surprise me next hour with some frozen mystery And And also when we come back next hour, you tell us who's testifying today. Who's gonna be in court today. Yes. And why would you look at envy when you said that about a mystery meet Said there's no mystery about Envy's meet. You know where it's been. I know that. That's right. I called me to the stand. I got some stories to tell. Okay. Better be crying. We better watch out. We bet you do.


Alright, When we come back we got front page news and then the champ will be joining us. Clarissa Shield is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Let's start with the NBA playoffs last night. OKC beat the Timber Bulls one 14 to 88. They lead the Series one zero. The Knicks play tonight at 8:00 PM All right, what's up Morgan? All Right, let's get back into it. So President Trump's wants the US to have a golden dome defense system up and running in about three years. This would be similar to Israel's Iron Dome, which is an all weather air defense system that intercepts air and destroys short range missiles and artillery shells.


Now he outlined his plans for the missile defense system in an announcement from the Oval Office at the White House alongside defense secretary Pete Hegseth saying Canada also wants to be involved and the system will provide great protection. Let's take a listen to President Trump's comments. Once fully constructed, the Golden Dome will be capable of intercepting missiles even if they are launched from other sides of The World. And even if they're launched from Space Canada has called us and they want to be a part of it. So we'll be talking to them. They want to have protection also. So as usual, we help Canada do the best we can. So the Golden Dome is the President's vision for a cutting edge missile shield that can protect the US from long range strikes.


Now Trump said the final price tag for the system will be about $175 billion. The president is appointing Space Force General Michael gut line to lead the project. Now, space news reports that estimated cost around 175 billion, while a $25 billion down payment is included in that Republican reconciliation spending bill. You know that big beautiful bill that we keep talking about. So there's a $25 billion down payment included for this project in that bill. And it also remains unclear how the project will be fully funded and whether or not it will actually pass Congress that big beautiful bill. Now Reuters report reports the US government is exploring different ways to finance the project, including potentially through a subscription service model.


So I'll keep you guys posted on what is or projected to happen with our golden dome here in the us. That doesn't sound too bad to me. Emini here Israel has it and it protects them from, from any type of missiles or or explosions, anything. So I feel like we should have had that already. As I always say, my opinion, if you can tell people how you gonna post some money in their pocket and keep them safe, they gonna always be on board. So you know, you talking about something that's gonna keep American people safe, I don't think you gonna get too many push too much pushback on that. Not at All. Alright, as we approach the fifth anniversary of George Floyd's death, there's been some conversation around pardoning former Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin. Now Elon Musk reposted a podcaster suggesting the pardon saying it's something to think about.


Minneapolis Police Chief Brian O'Hara says he heard nothing to suggest that President Trump plans to pardon Officer former officer Derek Chauvin, who's in prison for the Memorial Day 2020 murder of George Floyd. Now O'Hara told a news conference on Monday that the topic came up when he was in Washington DC recently. He also said preparations for the possibility of civil unrest. Should it be misunderstood. Let's take a listen to his comments. I've literally had police chiefs from around the country ask me that question and I'll tell you what I've told them. There is absolutely no credible information we have to suggest that's going to happen. We've been in communication with our partners at the state, at the federal level to ensure that we and all of our partners are prepared in the event that something like that happens and it causes some type of civil disturbance.


Pardon Derek Chauvin. Then it'll be civil unrest and then they'll unleash martial law. You know, don't fall for that. Okie-doke. By the way, I don't think that this is something that they're really considering. I think that this is Elon Musk's way of trolling. I think this is a lot of people on social media's way of trolling. They know that it's going to, you know, cause chaos and cause people to be up in arms when they see that. I don't think that'll, that that's something they'll ever do. I don't put anything past his administration, but I don't think that's something they'll ever do. Well everyone saw the video and even at the time President Trump, you know he me, he mentioned that that was wrong. Emini here everyone saw that that was wrong. So Floyd of course, was killed after Chauvin and one of several officers on the scene at that day. He knelt on his neck and back while trying to arrest him on suspicion of using a counterfeit $20 bill.


And while we're on the topic of George Floyd rest Please, George Floyd. Absolutely. Yeah. Say his name. Say his name. While we're on the topic of George Floyd, the National Urban League released its latest report titled George Floyd Five years later. Was it a moment or a movement? Now? National Urban League President and CEO Mark Murial was in Washington DC recently for the organization's legislative conference saying the report explains the analysis of wins, setbacks, and the work that still needs to be done to combat systemic racism and deep rooted in equities. Let's take a listen to Mark Morrell from the National Urban League when It comes to police reform and public safety. Many states, many cities, police departments, the Justice Department advocates advocated long and hard for meaningful change.


But that change is incomplete and not permanent is now the force seed to turn it back. So Morre urge people to get involved with civil rights organizations and to hold their elected officials accountable from everything from the local level to the federal level. And of course he went on to say that this right now is not the time to be scared, but to pretty much pull up your bootstraps. And I'll take it a step further and quote the late great Congressman John Lewis. I like to say, get in good trouble. Necessary trouble and restore the Soul of America. Yeah, I would say that it was a moment, you know what Emini here, 'cause one of the biggest things that come out of that moment was all the s that Corporate America made member corporate America said they were gonna make $50 billion, you know, pledge $50 billion.


The racial inequality, they didn't, you know what Emini here, they didn't. And a lot of those DEI initiatives have, you know, been rolled back, you know, over the That's right. Since, since the Trump administration has been in. So I I would say it was just a moment. It was, it, it wasn't a movement. It could have been a movement if, if that, if, if those pledges would've been honored. But no, it was a moment. What Do you think it takes to make a movement to actually truly unite people and actually have a movement Emini here? MAGA seems like a movement, or at least that's what Mark Morrell said. He said MAGA is in fact a movement being, well, MAGA is a movement because they got actual wins. You know, Trump is back in the White House, project 2025 is being implemented. So these things that they actually, you know, promised to people, they're actually in office in, in, in doing, like I said, it would've been a, a, a movement if those corporations, and this is just my personal opinion, I'm not, you know, I'm, I'm not the end all be all on this.


But if those per, if those corporations had actually pledged that $50 billion, you know, two different initiatives to, to, you know, help to stop racial inequality, I think that would've made it a movement. My personal opinion. But the fact that they didn't and DEI initiatives got rolled back. No, No. Right. Just the moment then. All right. So that's your front page news y'all. Y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app. Visit us@bnnews.com and make it a great Wednesday. Talk to y'all later. Alright Morgan, now when we come back, Clarissa Shields will be joining us. She's fighting Lainey Daniels on July 26th in Detroit, Michigan.


And we gonna talk to Clarissa next. The champ is here. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. The champ is here. Hey. Yes indeed. Clarissa Shields. Welcome. What's Up Dar you feeling? I feel good. I'm happy to be here. How you feeling? You gotta fight July 26th. Yes. Little Caesar Arena. Detroit against Atlantic Lany Daniels. Yeah. Always excited to fight a girl, man. Always excited. Mm. Fan. Some more World championship. She got two belts. Okay. She from New Zealand, she supposed to be tough. So I look forward to fighting her. How Do y'all pick the fights? Like who, who, who helps you decide who your next opponent gonna be?


We just go whoever the best is. Okay. And then if the best turns down we go to second best. And then if second best, we go third best. This fight, we went for Hannah Gabriel. So you That dropped me in Detroit a couple years back. I wanted to rematch her and she turned us down. So. Damn. Do a lot of people turn you down, but like is it hard for you to find an opponent? Yeah, well you know, I'm champ at five different weight classes. So when I was at 1 54 and one 60 and 1 68, now I'm at 1 75. And when I was at 1 54, these girls who are fighting at 1 54 now wouldn't, wouldn't fight me. You know, I, I literally had to go up. It was like, okay, I challenged the girls who was at 1 47 but they didn't wanna fight. I initially went down 'cause I wanted to fight against the 1 47 champion Cecilia Brockett at the time.


And she told me that I was too fat to get down to 54. So when I got to 54 and beat up all the girls at 54, I said, now it's your time. And she said, I'm not, she said she wasn't fighting me. So I was like, well damn, that was a waste of time coming down to 1 54 'cause I barely made that weight. Mm. It's clear. Are you scared to lose These girls can't beat me. What I, what I gotta be scared of. Can't beat Me. Shout. Come on now. Absolutely. Come on now. No Emini here. I know, but I just know a lot of fighters be wanting that perfect record and when they, if they do lose, they don't bounce back the same. Sometimes I, I don't know them about them, but I know me, I think I train too hard and that I'm too gifted and I'm just mean in there Emini here. You, you know what it is. Absolutely. Absolutely. I'm just, I'm just real mean. I'm real dominant. I'm very confident and I know that I'm very hard to beat.


If a girl can beat me, I will get on my knees and kiss her feet and and tell her good job. That's how I know it's not gonna happen. So Do you study the, you study the people that you fight, like Lainey Daniels. Have you like gone down a rabbit hole of her highlights and stuff like that? It, it doesn't take me long to watch the highlights. I watch the highlights And I watch a girl fight And I say, oh okay. I know what I need to do with her. It doesn't take me long to watch it. But I do other research, you know, I go and watch interviews of her just talking. I go and look at news articles. I, I I learned about her life. Mm. What was her childhood like? You know, what she been through in life. Like I go and do like deeper, like You study deeper than just fighting research. Yeah. What does that do for you in the ring? Like how does that, The trash talk?


Mm. You know, you gotta get in their head. You know, some of these girls, you, you wanna piss 'em off, they be having a good game plan, but once you piss 'em off the game plan go out the window. Like they just wanna kill you. And I think that's what I did with Savannah Marshall. Like I went and did my research on her and then I start, I start trash talking to her and then when, when we got face to face and whenever I seen her I just used to say stuff to her and I know that what I would say would play over and over again in her head. And then when we fought her coach and her game plan was to stand in the center of the ring and fight me, which was like, that's dumb you six two, I'm five nine, you should have been on your jab at least to give you a better chance at winning. But she came out there trying to, you know, fight like she can knock me out And I almost got her ass knocked out. Damn. I wanted to go back a little bit.


Last time you came here you were promoted your movie. Yes. And and we didn't. I didn't get it. None of us got a chance to see the movie 'cause the movie didn't come out yet. And I seen the movie And I wanted to talk about that. Your, your childhood growing up a little bit. 'cause we didn't discuss it last time 'cause we didn't see, see the movie. So after being a champion that young, for that long, nobody gave you endorsement deals nobody put you on the cover of, of those serial companies. There was no money coming in. I'm sitting there like, this is crazy. 'cause you are a champ. And how did that happen and how did you not hate the sport of boxing to say f this? Because you weren't even like, the fact that you're winning and you still have to go back to Michigan and still have to go back to some of the places that you were is crazy.


Especially when you see a lot of white girls getting all that money. Honestly, I feel like back then, me being 17 years old, me being from Flint, Michigan, I was rough around the edges. You know, I'm, I'm more put together now And I can say that back then I didn't understand what the branding part of it was. You know how they want you to talk. You seen in the movie, you know how they want you to wear your hair, how they want you to dress or how you supposed to dress. Like what's the ideal American golden girl? For me it was all about the accolades. It was like, yeah you can have the makeup and the hair and look good but it, but if you can do all that and then you don't win the fights, then who cares? To me, winning has always been the number one thing to do that had a part to play in it.


And then also women's boxing being fairly new. There is no way possible to make women's boxing look good. Now I know I make it look good now, but that's when I'm outside the ring. Inside the ring. You get what you get. You know, I come there, I have my hair braided, excuse me. I come there in my wig to the actual fight. I have my dress on, I have my wig on, I have, I have my, my makeup on. I go in the back room. Once we get to the back after the grand arrival, I'm, I'm wiping all the makeup off Emini here, wiping the edge control off because the edge control's sweating and getting your eyes. And then I'll be taking the knee like Devonte, you know what I'm saying? And I amm not doing that. Trying to say that that don't work though. That that that's not how it works. Well Javonte, he didn't have edge control. He said it was grease, grease edge control burn.


I know from experience you don't wear edge control to the gym to spa. So that Does happen. Edge control, I don't know about no grease now, but edge control, yes. It starts sweating in your eye. It burn like hell. So when I, when I go in the back, I take everything off to the lashes to everything, the edge control. And then I get in the ring And I fight. But after the fight is over with, after I done win 10 rounds, sometime less, I be kind of bruised up sometime and sore. I still go and put my wig back On. That's crazy to that I have my girls do my makeup, I put my clothes on, put my body suit on, put my heels on and we go out and we party. And that is like the balance you have to find. But it's not a easy balance to have. Like a lot of times I be wanting to go home, you know, And I be wanting to lay down And I gotta ice my face and my body after fighting for, for days and then I can come back outside and look refreshed.


But it's not always that simple. So I think it was hard to make back then. I didn't care about making boxing be pretty. It was like, look, this is what you get. You, you want a female boxer, this is what you get. You get muscles, you get grit, you get a hard punch and you get me talking these girls and telling 'em how bad I'm, how, how bad I'm gonna beat 'em and like that's what you get. But now I can manage it better 'cause I'm, I think I'm better experienced now. You know, I watched the fire inside And I thought to myself, you know, when you, because it shows so much of your personal life. What version of Clarissa Shields do you think would've emerged without boxing? I'd be in jail. Damn. That's flat out period. And I would say I would be in jail or dead because boxing helped me with my anger.


And I'm 30 years old And I still deal with my anger now. But back then I was, I was way meaner. I didn't have an understanding of why I had to go through things that I went through, why my upbringing was so tough And I was angry about that. Boxing helped me relieve some of that anger. It helped me direct it towards something more positive. So I know without boxing, I would've been street fighting, fighting girls. They used to call me bishop in my hood because they, because they wanted me to sell drugs because I was the one that I could go tell you I can. I a, he said give 'em this and then running back. But it was just like, for me, I was like, I don't, I didn't want that type of lifestyle, you know what I'm saying? But I know without boxing that would've happened. Some people like say, oh, you would, oh, you would, you would've been pregnant.


But I didn't even like my first boy till I was 15 years old. I didn't like, I didn't mean to say first boy 'cause I didn't think it's a girl. But I didn't like anything till I was 15. I liked boxing. And then when I was 15, I realized that a boy was cute to me. And that's when I'm like, okay. So I guess I'm not, I'm not gay. Cool. You thought you was gay at first because you Like Nah, I just, I just didn't like nothing. Right. I thought I was weird. I wasn't think I was gay. I thought I was weird. Well, That's normal though. 15. You, that's where your mind should be at. You shouldn't be thinking about no boys or no girls at 15. But yeah, Shoot all my, all my friends have boyfriends since 11 to 10 years old. Training, running to the gym, drinking water, eating healthy, giving myself a 10:00 PM curfew to be in bed, 6:00 AM get up and go running to school.


That was, that was my life. What happened to your That, that the coaching trainer? Do y'all still speak? Yeah, me and Jason still speak. Y'all still speak, you know, it was just, we too much alike. You know, he taught me to be very strong and confident and don't take disrespect And I guess all those rules apply except to him. And I think that was the problem. Right. Right. You know, he always told me when like when somebody disrespect you, you check right then and there. You don't wait till y'all go and somewhere quiet or you know, like somebody disrespect you, you let 'em know like right then and there. Like, Hey, I don't like that. That like, that wasn't cool. That was disrespectful. And you try to let them know like, hey, it like it's consequences for being disrespectful. You know, it's consequences. We still kicking it with the champ. Clarissa Shields, Jess breakdown.


What happened exactly with Tiki? Because I see, and Tiki is from Baddies, for those who don't know, but that's Shaw's sister. But it's so many different rumors around there. People say you started and they say she started, I wanna know how what even happened. 'cause you know, you're not on Baddies, you don't be over there with Zeus. There you go. So like what? How did that even start Her fans? Mm. This is the thing I fight professionally. Who's more known for fighting me or Taik? Le Let, let's be honest professionally, You for sure Fighting period. I'm more known. I went to the Olympics twice. Okay. I'm known by millions for fighting. But I'm saying you're profe like you are a professional fighter, like you said first.


Exactly. So that you're more known professionally for fight. So Now that she's beating up girls on Baddies, her fans came to me, oh, we think can do this and do that. All I did was respond and let 'em know. I, I like that Taiki is beating these girls up, you know, it's good for tv. But yeah, she can't beat me up. And that's where I think her problem came from. But all in all, I don't give a damn about Siki or nobody who think that she can do anything with me. She said if she needs to stop popping pills and all this other shit to get ready to fight me, and she gotta train exactly how I train. That's She behind the eight ball. If she gotta do, She's already, she's already meant she's already lost in the sauce when it like come to even a fight with me and that's inside the ring and outside the ring, I want see it. I don't, I'm not wishing that on you, Clarissa, but I just want to see it like when I hear people just randomly talking to professional athletes online, like they can just beat them so easily.


Yeah. I just want to, I need to see, I, I'm serious because I think we need to dunno why we need to see the difference between a Clarissa Shields and just you, you know, that fights in the fight. Yeah, But what do you mean you wanna see me in a street fight? Nah, don't you get some money for it? But I just want see No, I'm saying like, you wanna see me like fight without gloves? Yeah. Y'all her Job either way you win, right? Or you went Yeah, no, It's her job. Like we talking about, I would say with boxing, listen, first of all, the boxing gloves protect the fighters. It's the padding. I would never do bare knuckle boxing. I, I barely wanted to do MMA, which is four ounce gloves. But Charlemagne, I fight these girls with no gloves on. You must hate them. Wow. I can't believe you said that.


Yeah, I'm sorry he said that I'm Apologizing for him. But didn't they, they tried to get you on Baddies, right? Natalie wanted me to come. Natalie Wanted you to come To stay in the house and everything. And I told her, listen, I was all for it because I feel like it's cross Brandon. Yeah, it's cross Brandon And I will more go on there on some, I like positive stuff, you know? I like really? Yeah, I like, I like positive stuff. Okay. Like boxing is positive. Yeah. To me. Okay. But I would go on there more of like, I think the girls on, on Baddies, it's a lot of women on there who got like some trauma in these healing, you know? And training and boxing helped me. I wanna go on there to, these girls wanna fight all the time.


I don't understand if they fighting the, if they fighting the whole time, who's getting to a bag? Mm. Yeah that that'd be my question for them. I'm like, who's actually getting, get into some money on there. If all they doing is fighting, they can't go to the club, they can't go to dinner, they can't go to events because it's a fight that break out every time. Yeah. So for me, I was like, look, I will go on there And I want to be that eye-opener of like, look, let's train, let's work out, let's release some stress and maybe everything can go more smoothly. But then of course if it can't, yeah. Glove up and put on headgear and some mouthpieces because girls getting they teeth knocked out, they getting eyes busted up For, for nothing. I don't know how much they made. No, no. I'm not even talking about like what they're getting paid. But I'm just saying like for no it is nothing.


It's, it is just a bunch of arguments and fighting. Yeah. It's no objective. No true objective. Yeah. You don't know who's right, who's wrong? I don't know. But like I said, I told Natalie that I will come on her show, but she gotta have everybody sign a sign a form that if I listen I want them girls trying to be so intimidated that they team up and try to jump me. Now I got the whoop fo in one day and then Lawsuits come after that and then yeah, nah, No we gotta, we gotta have 'em sign that. Listen, I'm not responsible for no damages for no teeth, no eyes, none of that. So Did they sign it? Oh it, Nah, she said that she couldn't get it done. She said, oh she talked to Zeus and, and since it's reality TV she can't have them sign it. I said, well I can't come.


Right. And we ain't even talk about money or, or anything. That makes sense because once we didn't get past that, I Just say okay, cool. S right. And people be so scared to take a ass weapon. They might come at you with weapons and all types of shit. Nah, I got people trying to, people talking about, listen, I don people done said that they gonna shoot me, stab me, all type of stuff. I wanted to ask about, you know, the last fight they said, at first they said there was some substance in your urine and then they came back and said that wasn't true. What happened with that instance? Man, people was crazy. I don't, I don't know man. Like it was, it just, it just crazy work. I, I would, I would tell you that I've never experienced something like that in my life. I don't smoke marijuana, I don't eat marijuana. I'm not even around people that smoke. I was thinking that it was the arena. 'cause I know that in the arena was smokey as ever.


You know, whether that was with cigarette smoke, weed smoke, whatever, because It's legal in Michigan, it's very Legal. You can just go to storm buy it. When I found out that it was in my system, first thing I did, 'cause I was here in New Jersey And I was with Pap when I got the news I went straight to Lab Corp And I took a urine test and that and that goes back to 30 days. And it said I didn't have any marijuana in my system at all. So how this came out that I did have it in there from a swab test, which isn't really that accurate versus a urine test. I think that's how I beat my case. Like I said, I had to go and sit in front of them and go to trial and all this bull crap. But I think something was wrong with their test. I don't know what was wrong with their test, but everything got resolved.


I got unsuspended and now we back fighting July 26th at Lil Caesars in Detroit. You know you said earlier that you know people do you the clout now, right? Yeah. And I saw, I saw Chris Cyborg just tweet out. He said Who is that? Your UFC fighter. Oh okay. He said only five boxing fights but already got more Kos than Claressa Shields. Oh okay. That was so random. I'm like, what? Yeah. Yeah. I don, I don't know why she, first of all, I kicked Chris Cyborg's ass very bad when we sparred a few years back And I know Augh was the fighter, I'll knock her out. So I don't know. And then she just fought a girl that was four, four wins, three losses and have been knocked out twice already. So if you go out, if you wanna be technical, since I have to, if you go to box rec, I've never fought against a fighter who wasn't, who had more than four or five losses.


Most of the people I fought against is undefeated champions. So when Chris Ior can do that, she can like Maha like how many knockouts she's getting, but to the end she can go keep injecting that in her face, trying to make her face look softer 'cause she look like a damn clown every time I see her. Damn. Hmm. I just, I just can't, you know. And then Chris is the op, she wanted to learn so much. Oh, oh, oh, I'm your friend. I want you to train MMA. And then when I turned MMA to start fighting ma, she wouldn't even come and train with me. Wow. But she was like, oh, when you train MMA I'm gonna teach you this and teach you that. She wouldn't even come train with me because I beat her up when we sparred. So she's a op. She should have took that money that them dudes have for us to fight over there in Saudi, when they offered me 3 million to offer her one, she should have took the money.


Do you like fighting Shane? She, she turned that down. She's a punk talking about, oh I wanna fight at 1 47 and you're bigger than me. Why do we gotta fight at 1 54? I'm like, SIS, let's get some money. What's the problem? Oh no, I wanna fight at 1 47. Well I've never made 1 47 so I'm not going to 47. Well what's something about the way women's boxing is promoted that that makes you cringe but you haven't publicly called it out yet? For me, how they act like putting women on men's undercards doesn't help the women. Mm. They keep trying to say, oh it's not beneficial. But that's how they build their men champions up to where they can become main event fighters. So when I was saying, Hey, I wanna fight the undercard of Deontay Wilder, Terrence Crawford, Earl Spence Pac, guys of that nature, I was always being told, oh, that's not gonna help you girl.


That's not gonna help your brand. That's not gonna, yes it is. If, if if 20 million people is tuning in to see Anthony Joshua fight, I'm the co main event, at least 10 of them gonna be there or 15 waiting to get to the, so they can see me fight and they can become fans of me. But they act like that's false information when I know that it's true. 'cause I've seen them do it with the men who I fight better than that now that these men are getting main event cards. And I'm like, huh, that's funny. He fighting pay-per-view And I know damn well he can't fight better than me. Seemed Like a no brainer. Yeah. Hell yeah. It seemed like a no brainer. What was that fight? The, the Taylor Serrano fight? Who was that? That was on, on the card of Mike Tyson. Jake Paul. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was the best fight on the card that night.


Yeah, I agree. We still kicking it with Clarissa Shields. Jess, Your name has been your name being a lot of, a lot of stuff, conversations, you know, not only even for boxing though, but your personal life as well. Right. And do you feel like because your personal life, you know, like your love life and everything, like even online that gets like more publicity than like things like your movie or your fights. Do you feel like that help helps or hurts your career in any type of way? I feel like everything helps. You know what I'm saying? Women's boxing is a very hard market for people to find out about you. You know what I'm saying? Like, I've been the best fighter in The World since I was 17 years old. I'm 30 now. That's 13 years of dominance of not losing.


I got 17 world titles, five different divisions, four time undisputed champion. I've accomplished everything you can accomplish in boxing. So therefore all this stuff that my, that my name be in, it's like, you know what? It's beneficial. I just have to make sure it's going the direction that I wanted to go. I want to be Beyonce. Yeah, okay. I want be like Serena Williams. I don't want to be like, I don't even wanna get no bad examples, but saying it's a bunch, but I want to be like on that caliber of Muhammad Ali. So doing that, I can't entertain everything, you know, even though it, it may gimme more followers, but it's not something that's going toward where I'm trying to go to in my career and in in my life because I'm trying to go to the 50 and 20 and a hundred million dollars and some stuff that I may entertain could stop that.


So I don't my my name be everywhere. Every day is somebody else making a damn podcast. It's somebody else making a video. It's somebody else putting pictures. They got old pictures of me, new pictures of me, they and, and, and pictures of me and pap. It just every day is something and it just takes a lot of mind powers to just like, you know what, lemme Just welcome to our world. I know, Right? Let me just, you know, How did y'all meet? We Met at Sha core fight July 6th last year I met, had a fight. Wow, okay. Yeah, that's what I said. How Did you know he was the one? How did you I'm sure kick it to you all the time? How did you know? Like he was the one he smooth Cap man. See the thing is, like I told you, I don I didn't even like mo till I was 15.


So now I've had a few boyfriends here and there and I just remember like pap, he walked up to me and he shook my hand, which I was like, they hands Who shakes hands? That was kind of my mind, like, what the hell? And then he just mentioned like, oh, I watched you fight in the Olympics. I'm a fan. I've been a fan, you know. And I was like, well, I well I Hey, what Up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions.


Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowes Premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features Piece to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne, the God and Summit in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount.


Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now screaming only on the Paramount plus with Showtime plan


support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com


Fighting two weeks in Detroit. You know, if you, if you freeze, you come out and he like, I'm coming. And I always get that from celebrities though. They always say, oh, we gonna come, we gonna come and then fight night come and then they don't come. So I didn't think he was coming. I'm like, all right, cool. I'm like, we took a picture, which I'm gonna get to that in a minute, but we took a picture And I posted it on my page, but it was my second picture because I think G Herbo was the first picture. And then when I posted it, I, I DMed him the picture and he, I'm like, if you wanna come to the fight, here's my publicist number. I'll make sure you got VIP where you can come to the back and you know, say hello, whatever. And he was like, all right. So he hit her immediately and we're all in a group text. And then the day of the fight he texted her and said, Hey, I'm here.


And then she brought him to the back And I was like, oh, he came to the fight's, what's up? And, but I could tell like you said, what did he, how I know he was the one, I came here to The Breakfast Club last year. He kept saying he wants to go out to eat when I come to New York, you wanna take me out to eat? And I was just like, why? What do you wanna go out to eat for? Like, what's up? And we had, we had been texting back and forth and stuff like that, but he's really hard to, he's not hard to read, but he's very like private throughout the text. And so he like, I just wanna talk to you in person. So when we talked in person, that's when I was like, dang, I kind of like this dude. And he just was like so kind, so nice. And I think we had a conversation before, like dude, like bad boys. The good boys. I like a good guy. All that nonchalant you. The prize, get the hell away from me.


Please knock out. Act like that, don't you? You messy People think I hit my men. I don't. Okay, I don't have you Though. Come on now You said there's some things he needs to handle. What you, what do you mean by that? Oh, Emini. Here it is. The elephant in the room. I don't have to say it. I don't know. In his personal life. Oh, The Elephant in the room. Yeah. But that takes time. And like I said, that's not my place to speak on, you know what I'm saying? Like it get handled. I just know that from my perspective I'm with him, I'm with him every day. And when I'm not with him, we're on the phone every day and we're talking and we're FaceTiming and we love each other. So that's just kind of what it is.


You know what I'm saying? But hey, it's a situation and it is What it is. I'm assuming you mean like you want the wait wait till the divorce is like official. Official. Does that hold you, does that keep you from giving your all? No, because we are together all the time. So the all is already given is what she's saying. Yeah, that's, that's it. We already talk, we, we talk about so many different things and I'm 30 so we talk about kids and family and stuff like that, but that still has to get taken care of. But like, you know, once again, it's not, it's not for me. You understand what I'm saying? Like, I'm not, I'm not married you, so that'll get handled. But still at the same time I've been like, I'm such a secure woman when it like comes to him because he's proven it to me. Like I was, I was, when somebody is just truthful with you from the beginning, there is no, there is no secrets there, there it is.


Just, hey, this is what it is. And do you accept or do you not accept? That's kind of what it was. And he's been trooper from the beginning and we fell asleep on the phone for three, four months of us first getting together. So for us to fall asleep on a, a regular night and then to wake up to chaos in the morning was like, oh, say that's how we found out. 'cause y'all was on the damn phone. But that had been going on for three, four months. Mm. And that wasn't just at night. We talked from sun up to sundown. Yeah. Like I said, that's what shocked me. 'cause I was like, oh hell, what the heck? Because if we go to sleep on the phone for, for four months every night and the phone is saying it's four hours, three hours, whatever, hours on the phone, you don't think that one day you gonna wake up to to that.


You know? So that's what threw me off. But hey, at the end of the day, look, women are women. I don't know what, I don't know what else to say. Like I don't have any ill will toward any women And I don't have any ill will toward, toward her. You Know what I'm saying? So y'all haven't spoke of Nah, Nah. Emini here. She made her post and that was about it. But, but like I said, women are women. They're very emotional creatures. You know what I'm saying? And I think that was just, I don I don't, I don't know what it was. I don't know if it was emotions or I don't know what it was 'cause 'cause I don't know her and she don't know me. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, I don I don't know what that was, but like I said, it is not, it wasn't for me. That's why I just responded how I responded. We gonna promote the movie. We, we gonna promote the fight once again. I fight July 26th event at Seasons Arena.


Tickets on Ticketmaster. 19,000 people need to be there. Last fight I did 12,000. Let's go for 19 this one. Mm. Now I did see in an interview that you said after this, this year you gonna clothes shop down and you wanna start your family. That's what I was ready. Yeah. I see the interview. You said you wanted, you wanted to start your family. You about to shut this, this boxing down for a little bit. You still, you still on that wave? Yeah. I wanna have two more fights this year and then shut it down for a minute. I don't Know if it's a, if this is a dumb question or not, but look, right, so when God's box, like I hear that they can't have sex like before the fight because it messes up like that. I guess adrenaline need to be pumped up or whatever. But is it the same with women? Like you can, could you like have sex the night before you fight?


Does it mess with you or does it take away from your energy? You're not ex amped up? Nah, I can't speak for the other female champions. But being pound for pound number one woman fighter, I don't have sex four to six weeks before a fight. Mm. I don't. And, and, and, and any man I've been with know that. Gotcha. Like we can hug, we can kiss. But when it comes to like the actual Penetration part, Nah. And, and, and even the, the, it's not even about, you said the word penetration crazy. It's not, it's not about, it's not about that. It's about orgasm. Can't do that. So there's no type of form of sex for me. You know, And I feel like that gives me what I, what I need for the fight because I'm claressa.


But, but then when I fight, I'm Lorenzo. And Lorenzo don't want No, he don't want no d Has Lorenzo ever showed up in the bedroom? Excuse me, wrong with you Zo Not the green lady. No. Well, there you have it, Clarissa Shields July 26 16 in old boxer undisputed status in three weight divisions. And we appreciate you for joining. Absolutely. Yeah. Thank y'all for having me. That's Right. It's Clarissa Shields The Breakfast Club. Good morning. And let's get to the latest with Lori Lauren Becoming the street face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets the details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit About everything And She be having the latest on Good lord, the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she Have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's The latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. All righty guys. So I would like to introduce you to Sheray Hayes. This is the Punisher. The Punisher took the stand in the Diddy trial yesterday and he testified he was, that he didn't wear No, He wear that on the stand. He did not Wear this, but he is an exotic male dancer. So this is a photo from his Instagram. And he testified about, you know, different sexual encounters he had with Diddy and Cassie and more explicitly he talked about a, a book, a book that he wrote called a book that he wrote where he talks about freezer meat and not being able to get erect.


What the hell is freezer meat? So freezer meat is, it leans into the term of like, you know, if if something's frozen it gets hard like Rack of lamb in the freezer. Yeah, but it gets small too. Like steak or like chicken. This hard meat post loin. Okay. Yes, I guess. But basically his book is all about how he was having these different sexual experiences throughout his career and he realized he had erectile dysfunction and it caused some issues with his mental health because he couldn't, you know what Emini here do his stink do his thing. Right. But the reason why the book came in, the conversation on the stand was because he actually had talked about Cassie and Diddy in the book. Wow. And the alleged, you know, interactions that he had with them, but he never named them. He called them a wealthy married couple in the book.


Now I've read there's about six pages that is out here from this book. Give us some excerpts. I I got the excerpts. So he talked about, you know, when he first met Cassie and Diddy, it was at the Trump Hotel in New York allegedly. And he was called there for like 200 bucks just to do like an erotic dance and set the scene for a woman in like a birthday situation and to Put his penis in the freezer. He didn't know that yet. So he got there, he said Cassie, he alleged Cassie opened the door, she's in a wig glasses, she's beautiful. He's like, oh wow. And she had a robe on with nothing under. And that was very obvious. So he says that Cassie explained to him like, look, my husband likes to see me, you know, he's a voyeur. He likes to see me with other men.


But so all we want you to do right now is just like, do a sexy dance with me. You, you know, baby Oreo might come in to play and he may come in the room but don't acknowledge him. Like he's not gonna get involved in, don't acknowledge him. So That's what made him soft. You got this fine woman in front of you and then all of a sudden here comes let help here come street meat. Exactly. But let Then you're not supposed to eat the street meat. But yeah, so that's exactly what began happening. So he says that, you know, they were doing exactly what they described and the first time he couldn't get into it is because Diddy allegedly would subtly say these things in the corner. Like take care instructing her. Yes. That's saying, He said like, and he said, you know, 'cause he used to work in the clubs.


He's a rock dancer, he said, so he's a little bit deaf from all of the music and the sounds What you mean deaf? He just, he hear Much, You know, you work in the club all the time. It's loud. So you're hearing some people, their hearing be a bit off. Right? Oh, He said, did he come in? Listen, so what heard he said that Diddy would say things. He said, for example, he said, now the husband might be in the corner saying something like to, to the wife, move to the right. But he hear, move to the I bet that a-hole Fire, He said, but he'd hear, I bet that a-hole is tight Fire. Oh, And it would make him instantly spit bars. It would, it would, it would make him instantly go soft. Okay. So he was having issues. I sent you the, you wanna read the real episode? So then he would say moved to right. And you saying that butt hold tight. That's what he was hearing.


So he was like, yo, hold on this go crazy. Yeah. So then he said he had this encounter with Cassie. It was a, it was great. He alleges it was great or whatever. Hold on. Now you, you left out a very value but way please Read Yum. I bet his a hole tight. Yum. Yum is crazy. Mm. But he really said move to the right. But he heard it in his head. Baby move over to the right. Oh, Exactly. Oh see now see this ain't right. Y'all said did he said this? Did he ain't say this? That what he he said that's what he thought. Did he said 'cause he couldn't hear. That's what I'm saying. That's what she just said. You're not listening. You can't hear. No, I can't. She just said that clearly he was a a, he worked at a club. He was deaf. He couldn't Hear, said Diddy said move to the right. But baby, he over to the right. Yes Man, get this man out the stand. All Right. So then enough Anddid.


Yeah, if y'all gonna play, let me go on the stand and play. I got play. What The hell? Keep Going. Another example is he said that Cassie invited him back another time. She said she was, He said that titty said, I love that position you're in. My deaf interpretation would be, I can't wait to penetrate him. What? No, Get that. See y'all now y'all playing that. There's More, there's more. Stand. Go Ahead Lauren. I sent you another one. Stay focused. So, so he said that, you know, Cassie said, yo, I'm really comfortable with you allegedly, And I want you to come back. We're gonna do this again. So they called him again when they were back in New York, allegedly to another hotel. And he said, but this time he was like, yo, she said she wants to go further. I gotta be ready. So he took a ed pill, a dysfunction pill.


Right? Right. And 'cause he, he wanted to be able to like perform Aile dysfunction. You could Say that. Yeah. I said that he wanted to be able to do all the things. So he said as he was like, you know, getting ready to do all the things with her, he said he performed a Bruce lick tongue kung fu into the 36 chamber star fellatio act. What is a Bruce lip? I know That the judge was like, what the hell are these people into? That's what he said on the stand. That's what he Performed. This is an excerpt from the book. He just talked. He, oh damn. He talked about the experiences and went into the book. But this is from the actual book. Are we went, well, TMZ and a couple of the outlets went and found the book. So he says after that, you know, they, they actually begin to be able to like, have sex and dang, I'm up here stuttering over saying sex.


So then he took the ed pill or whatever. Can I Yeah, no, Eventually He was able to, eventually he was able to orgasm. Orgasm or, or finish. Yeah. And He referred to as but as a chamber. No, that's Don't, don't refer to nobody. But as a chamber, that was the box He Was referring to the Box. No, it was his tongue. It was, he was eating, he was Referring Box A home food. Like what? You Are not following me at all. Keep going. So he said eventually, eventually he got to a point where he was, you know, they're actually engaging in and, you know, having sex and he couldn't finish. And it was obvious that the couple wanted him to finish. The couple he sang was Cassie and Diddy allegedly. So he says, he was like, all right, I got, next time I gotta take these other pills.


So he took a a density pill to make it where he was able to get to the, the end. But it was so dense that he couldn't finish. So he didn't Drink the density pill. He OD'ed on the ed pills. He So now you take, supposed To make Another pill to compensate for something else, like to wake you up A little bit. No, he, he was woke. He was too woke. He had to step out the room, Google it, drink some water, came back, and now he could finish with Cassie. This iQuestion what he's alleging in the book can ask question. Hold on. I'm not, lemme get to the point. Listen, you can't get to the good part. So he says he actually got to the part where he don't care about this, that you do, he actually got to the part where he was able to finish and he said he was weirded out again and went soft again because he felt like the husband was helping the wife clean up from him doing all the things all over her. Yeah.


And he was licking her clean and that completely turned him off and he alleges that he went off again. I don't believe this now. Damn. I don't believe this. So you're saying I don believe this whole, I don't believe this se Slurpee. Yes. I don't believe this one. Oh, I don't believe this. My God. That's according to his book. I don't believe this. And Diddy is the drinker. I don't believe this. I believed when you told me, allegedly I believed when you told me he took the semen and rubbed it on the nipples. I don't believe this. Why? Why don't you, why don't you play Boy the book? Why don't you believe it? I don't believe this. What what? You still ain't tell me what what it tenderloins came into play. No, you're miserable. Freezer meat. He still trying. It's because he saying he's having issues with getting hard. So why would he compare himself to freezer meat if he can't get hard?


That makes no sense. He Wanted to be freezer meat. That's, that's a problem. He was saying He, oh, well he should say That thing was freezing Meat. If you, if you, if you presenting his freezer meat. I'm expecting some hard pork chops. God damnit. Okay, but how is the hard chicken dies and breasts? You can't be calling yourself freezing meat. Yo. How, how Slurpee is crazy. I just wanna let you know. That's Ridiculous. No, first of all, the chapter, the, the part of his book where he talks about this is called the Bootleg Boy Toy. That's crazy. But he also says the first time that he saw that he allegedly saw Diddy in the corner doing all the quiet whatever he was on in the corner. Diddy had like one of those, like the Muslim garbs on his face and nothing else. He was just naked in the corner. All this for $200. Actually no, it ended up being the Muslim garb like $2,000 for like 45 minutes.


You Said Muslim Garb like the Muslim garbs Aala come, wasn't happening. I don't believe that. Ah, I don't believe that. I don't believe it. And now you see that was a terrible witness. Well Who's in court today? I don't believe I don believe who's in court today? Who do know in court today? That was the, that was the, that was the entertainment for the, the day. I don't believe none of that. Who was in court today? Who did anybody verify this other than the Punisher? Well, Cassie did say that they used to meet up with the Punisher, but she ain't get into all these details. I don't believe that. And and by the way, he's not called the Punisher because of sexual activity. He's called the Punisher because he used to be a basketball player and he Posting people up. The nickname Was good at goodie. He got the nickname playing at at basketball at the West Fourth Street courts in New York.


One of the most famous street ball destinations in The World. So they know to Punisher outside. Okay, Damnit man, love playing Back home athletes and everything. Oh my God. Back You right down. All right, so who else is in court today? Do we know who's in court today? I do know, but you gotta gimme a second. And why you Playing Freak leak in the back of the scene. We come you crazy. We come back Crazy. Well it is, that was C birthday too. So That was Mr. C No cut. Who, who, who Now after this, who you giving your donkey To? I should give it to the Punisher for that, for that story. Nobody believe that. Diddy a Freak. He a Freak. Now we heard some freaky stuff but that's just, just ridiculous. So you heard All the freaky stuff but you don't believe that One? Ah no. Nah. You believe the semen nipple but only The, the semen urky. Nah. Yeah, I don't believe the semen S slurry. You don't?


Nah, no. They stopped hiring him after a while 'cause he couldn't finish. Keep free being frozen. Yeah. Well that makes sense. If out if if you, if you got a taste for, you know, man milk that much, you would want some man milk. So if you can't produce no man milk you are no value to me. Ain't Ain't no Yeah. I can't do this show no more. This is just disgusting. Disgusting is just disgusting. I've Had enough. Yeah, I'm done. Where's boo's drop when you need it? I've had enough. Alright. All right. When we come back, donkey today, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to do. Hold we me to read. They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve to.


People need To know. Well you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlamagne damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Yes. Donkey today for Wednesday May 21st goes to 33-year-old Zachary Jordan alum now is Zach Zachary is a J six. Okay. You know who the J Sixers are, right? They have other names for those domestic terrorists. Vanilla, ISIS, al cracker, just to name a couple. But the j sixes are the individuals who participated in the insurrection of the United States Capitol on January 6th, 2021.


Okay? Zachary was one of those people and he was also issued a pardon for his role in the January 6th riot. Okay? Remember President Trump issued full communications and pardons to those indicted and are sentenced in relation to the attack on the US Capitol. Okay? But just like several other individuals who Donald Trump pardoned for their actions on January 6th, Zachary has found himself back in jail. Let's go to CBS nine WSA for the report please. Six. The Capitol Rioter from Northern Virginia who was released from prison after receiving a pardon from President Trump. Well, he's now back behind bars police arrested 33-year-old Zachary Allen last Friday night. They say he allegedly broke into a home in Henrico County just outside of Richmond and stole personal belongings.


Aam was previously sentenced to eight years for assaulting officers and smashing that same window. Ashley Babbitt tried to climb through back on January 6th. We spoke with him back in December from behind bars and he told us he was quote, demanding a pardon from President Trump. When asked would he do if he got out a said quote? That's just for me to know and you to find out. Allen is now being held at the Henrico County Regional Jail West. Keep 'em. Okay. Trump's January 6th. Pardons are like expired coupons, useless and bound to cause trouble at checkout. Okay? You know, for most people, if someone is gracious enough, if give you a second chance, then you won't need a third. Zachary got a pardon and then went and broke into a house after you broke into the capitol and assaulted police officers.


That's not a redemption arc. That's more like a sequel nobody asked for. Okay? The reality is people like Zachary are empowered and emboldened because they got away with something like an attempted co of this country. And because they have President Trump in the office, they feel like the law doesn't apply to them. Okay? That's why consequences to actions are very important because they teach you that you can't just do things in this country. Okay? This man, Zachary clearly didn't get enough of prison because if he did, you know, if he did or would've gotten that real prison experience, okay, well he had to do that time. I don't think he would just be breaking into houses, okay? But this is also the same guy who assaulted a police officer at the Capitol. So he really doesn't give a damn about the law.


Okay? I remember when Trump's team said, we're only pardoning the best people. Turns out best was short for best at re-offending, okay? Trump was considering giving compensation to the the j sixes and Zachary was one of those ones who demanded a full pardon with compensation. I wouldn't be surprised if there was people who used this as an example, as the why the j Sixes should receive compensation. Because they will say, you know, people like Zachary can't find a job being incarcerated with a stain on his record. So he had to resort to crime. Now you know how so many black people in the hood field every day, okay? Welcome to our world. Okay? Hey, I can see right wing outlets right now saying, Zachary just breaking into things like the capitol and homes because it's a good networking strategy, okay?


A way for him to meet people. What a slap in the face to the MAGA movement. Okay? What a slap in the face to President Donald J. Trump. I'm on record as saying that everyone around Trump should be trying to prove people wrong. Okay? Don't be the thing folks said you were going to be while you were campaigning. Folks said Trump's economic policies, the tariffs could cost people jobs and ruin the economy. So far so good on that one. We said Trump was going to implement Project 2025 an authoritarian rule and ignore the Constitution. Check on that one. Folks said that j sixes deserved to be in jail.


A lot of them already had criminal records. And if you stormed the capitol and assaulted law enforcement, then you don't give a damn about this country ought rule of law. And Zachary, here you go. Proven them folks right too. And it's not just Zachary, at least eight individuals who are pardoned by President Trump have faced new criminal charges or legal issues. Okay? Pardon? By President Trump for J six, okay? Have faced new criminal charges or legal issues. You don't care about your president. If you did, you wouldn't be making him look bad, okay? This is also a very teachable moment. 'cause in life, eventually you will always end up where you need to be with who you are meant to be with in doing what you should be doing. Okay? Zachary and a lot of j sixes need to be in prison with other prisoners doing time.


Okay? Henry Henry Rollins once said, you'll end up right where you're supposed to be. Okay? Don't be surprised when you get there, Zachary. I hope you not surprised. Okay? Henry's quote continues. Everything you did was a step in that direction. There is no such thing as bad luck. Zachary, you earned your arrest on January 6th and you earned your arrest. Now please let Remy ma give Zachary alum the biggest. He haw, he Haw, he haw you stupid Mother, Are you dumb? Mm mm mm All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. Now when we come back, Mikey Sherell will be joining us. She's running congresswoman, governor of New New Jersey.


So we Come back leading in the, in the polls. Yeah, She's leading in the polls. So we gonna talk to Mikey when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. She's US representative for New Jersey's 11th Congressional District and she's running for governor. Mikey Sherell, welcome. How you, Thank you so much. And for the record, we're all residents in New Jersey, so we'll be voting. So that's Oh, okay. We're, We're having this conversation as constituent and Potential voters. The stake have just been raised. Got, That's right. Well, how are you feeling first and foremost? I'm feeling good. I'm feeling very tired.


But you know, it's just that time. We have 21 days today until the election. So it's that final sprint. You said something the other day that, you know, it's so simple And I can't believe more elected officials aren't saying it, but you were criticizing the lack of urgency in regards to Newark Airport. That's what I don't understand. Like what are we just waiting for something bad to happen? It, it appears so because it, it really, the Secretary of Transportation just doesn't seem to be moving on this. Mm. And again, you know, I'm, I'm a former Navy helicopter pilot. I've flown in really crowded airspace. So in that, in that DC airspace where that helicopter crash happened, I flew through there as we were taking people up from Norfolk to the Pentagon.


And I'm telling you, 90 seconds outage in crowded airspace where you've got, you know, people on visual flight rules and then you've got people landing. That's a lifetime. And the fact that that's happened more than once, the fact that the Secretary of Transportation has canceled his wife's flight out of Newark and yet hasn't surged personnel in, hasn't said, here's how we're gonna make the system more redundant so it doesn't keep breaking down. Hasn't come up with a plan of attack for this. Again, it it's just the, the constant incompetence from this administration that just not doing the basic work of government is what, as much as anything is just putting everybody at risk.


Yeah. I saw a statement from him this morning where he said, now is the time to install a state of the art, you know, air traffic control system in the Newark. But my thing is like, you're the Secretary of Transportation. Like do it, get it done. Yeah. What is he just saying that hoping somebody does it, what the hell? I I totally agree with you And I, if that's gonna take a minute, what are we gonna do in the meantime? We can't Just say, okay, we're just gonna take this airport down for the summer. What's the plan until that is installed? Is it worth shutting down Newark Airport right now? Well, no, we don't wanna shut down Newark Airport Emini here. Imagine like, just think about, okay, people have, you know, kids that are graduating, people have parents that they have to go see that are sick.


People have to get around, be a business. Yeah, I'm a comedian. I travel every weekend. I get on a plane and fly somewhere every Friday. So just Emini here. And I don't know, I love Newark normally. Yeah, I do. I I go way outta my way not to have to fly outta JFK or LaGuardia. Same. Too far. Same. Yes ma'am. So the idea that somehow we're just gonna take that outta service. No, we can't. We gotta fix it. We gotta fix the problem. But in the meantime, like you don't want people to die. And that's when, you know, we had Mayor Baraka here yesterday and he was saying that people walked off like, you know, air traffic control is left. 'cause they didn't wanna be responsible for somebody potentially dying. Well they also in the 92nd delay Emini here, air traffic control is really difficult and they, you know, that that was traumatic to be responsible for people's lives to have flights in the air.


And you can't talk to them and just be watching them, you know, as you're like, holy crap, I, so they are now on trauma leave, many of them. Wow. So they are down 20% and then we saw the reporting, they're supposed to have 11 to 14 air traffic controllers and they had two or three. That makes no sense. It really doesn't, and this is why we need strong democratic governors. It really is why I'm running for governor. It is so critically important now because as governor we need to then have partnerships with our colleges and universities that fast track people through the air traffic control training and then just start to search them in.


So governors are now having to take on the work that traditionally we left to the federal government because this is a federal government in free fall. So If you were a governor of New Jersey now, would you, I don't, I don't know, would you declare state of emergency at Newark Airport? Like what, what would you do? So this is, this is the problem as we start to reorient our system, right? So what I would do is immediately get up a pro, stand up a program so we could start to train people, send them to that fast, track 'em through the air traffic control school down in Oklahoma, get them back as quickly as possible, and start to develop this out and have that so that we have our own pool of people. But again, you don't anticipate if you're, that you don't anticipate that the federal government is just gonna start abdicating all responsibility for things.


So this training pipeline would take time to get them trained up. But yes, I declare a state of merchant, get that done quickly, as quickly as possible so that we could stand this up and at the same time be working towards, okay, what's it gonna take then if you are gonna put in place the equipment that's gonna be necessary to run these and is, you know, how does a governor do that? At this point? I am for a hugely expansive role for a governor because we can't count on our federal government. And that's, I make, even that statement coming out of my mouth sounds crazy, but how, how do we avoid the facts? It's the Reality. Yeah. Some people would say to get things done, you have to work with Trump and his White House somehow some way.


So you wouldn't work with Trump and his white house at all. Look, if Duffy comes in here and says, okay, I'm gonna work with you to actually, I'm trying to think of something that I can say on radio, unscrew up this Situation. You say Up, up. But go ahead. But you have, but you need the federal government, right? You, you do. As a governor, We need to find as many pathways as we can. But I think when people say they want you to work with Trump, 'cause a lot of, a lot of people say, I want my governor to work with Trump. What they mean is, I want you to stop him from doing this crazy stuff. I want you to fix the tariff situation that's making my small business go under. I need you to make sure he is not arresting a family member of mine in the middle of the night without charges.


I need you to make sure that there's,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right and with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features Piece to the planet.


I go by the name of Charlamagne to God and some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Waif. They've been loyal, they've been patient, and now is payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now screaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com,


Not cutting funds to Medicaid in the Department of Education. So I need you to go work with Trump. That is fair. What's I think a false proposition is if you think that by saying, okay, I'm just gonna give up on, you know, diversity programs in my state, like I'm not gonna try to get people in my state to succeed that aren't already there because I'm working with Trump. That's a false proposition because that's when the bullying starts. Because that's when it's, you know, what I say is it's not as if these law firms that have caved to Trump or these schools that have caved to Trump, that's not gonna be the last ask. It's not a one-off thing. Like, okay, I'm gonna cave today and then he's gonna leave me alone and I'm just gonna run my game.


That that's not how that goes. I say he's like that bully on the playground, right? So you give your lunch money on Monday, they're coming back Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. No parent says, just give your lunch money. Just work with them. Emini here that no parent has ever said to their kid getting bullied on the playground. Just work with them. Just give in that that's not how you deal with this. And I think it's a false trap to suggest that somehow it's the responsibility of a governor to undermine our values, to get something from the federal government. The federal, federal government is supposed to be working in service of the people of this country, not the state government working in service of Trump.


I think that's a false idea. We're still kicking it with Mikey Sherell. She's running for governor of New Jersey Shale Me. I was watching M-S-N-B-C-C-N-N something, I forgot which what it was. And I saw an ad that may have a rocker ran about you and it said that you took $30,000 from Elon Musk's campaign fund and that you made millions on the stock market tripling your net worth while you were in Congress and you were fined for unreported trade. What do you say to that? So I've never taken money from Elon Musk. There were People I thought you took it and then donated it to charity. People from SpaceX, which was one of his company, they donate individuals from SpaceX donated to my campaign. And I yes, donated in kind to a food bank.


'cause I wanted people to know where I stood on it. And I have since offered legislation to have Elon Musk drug tested and to get him out of dozing everything. But I, I also don't trade individual stocks. It's been widely reported. I've, I, my husband doesn't trade, we don't trade individual stocks. I don't think anyone in Congress should, quite frankly, and I've been on legislation for that. I don't hold individual stocks. So when Newsmax claims that you made $7 million from stock trades, what are they talking about? Newsmax is first of all a very questionable organization that is paying multiple fines.


I'm not sure what they're talking about. I would guess that the root of that would be because some of, some of my husband's payments from his company have vintage sax, which are immediately an automatically sold. But there is no individual stock trade. It's not as if I go sit on the House Armed Service Committee and suddenly I'm trading Boeing or something. There's none of that. I'm totally out of individual stocks And I, like I said, I think every member of Congress should be Well did you make 7 million in stock trades at all or? I, I haven't. I I don't believe I did, but I'd have to go see what, what that was alluding to again, what kind of came from It Was a report in the, No, I know it was from Newsmax, which again I then another One in the Washington Free Beacon, which is a conservative leaning platform.


But they said you had increased from between 733,209 to over 4 million in 2019 and then between 4 million to 13 million in 2024. So that's where he got the 7 million increase average. Just the average of the increase. The average. Average. They average out that. Yeah. Yeah. Look, I, I, both my husband And I come from very middle class families. My parents were the first in their family to go to college and his, were both teachers and then we both went into the military and afterwards he got a good job. And I, we've been really lucky. I really, I really deeply feel like this country has provided an incredible amount of opportunity to us.


And that's why I think I feel a responsibility to sort of pay that forward. And that's why I think opportunity is so critically important. And I often, when I think about what democracy means to me, it means opportunity and it means not just opportunity for me, like Trump might say. And it doesn't mean opportunity to enrich myself. It means opportunity for the greatest amount of people possible. I think that's what democracy at its best offers. I love that idea that some political philosophers of democracy have. That you should create a society so that if you don't know how you're gonna be born, if you don't know if you're gonna be a man or a woman or rich or poor or black or white, you have no idea.


You create a society and then get dropped into it. Because if you create that kind of society, then you're gonna create something that gives everybody the best chance at opportunity. And we've had, we've been lucky. And so right now what I see is a president in Donald Trump who is trying to stop all opportunity, who's taking, you know, who's enriched himself and his billionaire cronies and is continuing to try to do that and then pulling up the ladder of success behind him. And I see that at every level. And that's why, to kind of take it full circle, I think as democratic governor running a state that creates that opportunity like just with Lionsgate and creates pathways for opportunity, pre distribution of wealth.


Like what you're doing when you create opportunity and you're trying to create generational wealth is you're creating an opportunity for not just the individual but that person to then get into a good job and then give their kids the kind of, you know, hey I'm, you know, I'm in this job and my buddy is running the summer internship And I'm gonna get you a summer internship. You know, that's the kind of opportunity we're talking about and that's what I, I think we have to create in New Jersey. And that's the exact opposite of what's happening in Washington. What Makes I agree. Hold on. But I, I just wanna be clear though because I agree with what you're saying, but I just wanna be clear 'cause this, this ad is running and I'm sure you'll be asked about this a million times, you know, if you get an opportunity to just clear it up, I think you should take it now.


It says she made millions on the stock market tripling her net worth while in Congress and was then fined for unreported trades. Is that true or false? So I think we made money from my husband's job. He gets paid in stocks, they're automatically sold. So I think we made money there. We don't make any individual money stock trading. We are out of all individual stocks because I want people to know that I'm not somehow gaining information and enriching myself because of my work in Congress. Gotcha. So that's really important to me And I think every member of Congress should do that.


And I'm on legislation for that because those stocks get immediately sold. We do a lot of reporting and at the end of the year we did an audit of our reporting And I found I didn't, The lawyers found a stock trade that had been automatically sold and so we self reported it and paid a fine for that. I gotcha. But I think that's what that's alluding to. And so, yeah, I was surprised by that attack ad because I was with Mayor Baraka at a debate for two and a half hours the night before it came out and, and he hadn't raised any of this And I would've liked an opportunity to sort of discuss it there before that ad.


But we're in the final 21 days so I'm sure things will get spicy, but I'm just really working hard to push out what I wanna do for people and my positive agenda. Well we appreciate you for joining us this morning. Yeah man. You gotta come back before June. Yes. Well I appreciate you guys. Absolutely. And if you, and if you, if you do win and become, you know, governor, like I think that you should use platforms like this to talk directly to the people on the regular Yeah. That affects Yes. No, I'll be too important. I believe you. No, I absolutely believe you. No, no, no. I will make a commitment right now if I become governor. I will be back on your show if invited.


Absolutely. Thank you. And I don't know why you worry about the traffic. You were a helicopter. You might as well just fly the helicopter. Just fly right over. Just fly right over building Emini here. It's, yeah, I don't know what I'm Thinking. Mikey shell, ladies and gentlemen, she's running for governor. Get out there and fold us The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yes. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody Well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club talk, talk to me. So I'm trying to make it to court. Gotta get outta here. But I did wanna answer your question. So you asked me who was testifying today. So Don Hughes, she's a, a psychologist who has testified in a lot of high profile cases. R Kelly, Johnny Depp and Harvey Weinstein. Diddy seem, of course, did not want her to be able to take the stand. Hmm. But she is being allowed to take the stand and she's gonna, I guess speak to the mental, like the thinking and the the the non processing and the cognitive. Like he made this mistake normally or not. Like those type of things that I guess she's seen from other cases. How, how could She do that if she never spoke to did anyone? They're gonna make sure that her testimony is within a certain scope. So I that's not when they did that before, they did it with, they did that with Dawn.


They did that with Dawn where like they were arguing her testimony shouldn't be able to be allowed because Cassie didn't speak to the domestic violence incident that Dawn alleges. He she saw. But the judge was like, well we should allow it because it lends into, you know, how he was able to coerce or force or whatever. But with only within a certain scope to protect His alerts. I bet you that scope don't include. So if he takes another man's semen and rubs on his nipples, what does, what does that mean psychologically? That's Just what he liked to do to get off That. That's not what, how a therapist would respond. Oh, Lauren would be like, yeah he was doing his big one therapist one saying That's how he, that's how he get, what am I gonna do? That's his own business.


Well now it's all of our business. But That's why I was, I don't think a therapist would respond like that, but I don't think that would be in the scope. Yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't really know where to gonna go with her but we'll, we'll see today. And then they're also gonna, they gotta finish up with a special agent who raided Diddy's home. They talked yesterday about the special agent and they found like the AR fifteens and lube and baby oil and all these different things at Diddy's Miami home. Oh cc I want to hear more from them. 'cause everybody talked about, I saw somebody say the other day that Diddy was never under investigation. That is a just not true. Like there was a whole federal investigation. They raided his house. There's a man named, Remember the son made a song and was like, y'all raided the wrong house, come back and try next Door.


So stupid. Yeah, that was dumb. So dumb Homeland Security Investigations agent, his name was J his name is Gerard Gannon. He started testifying yesterday and he's gonna finish up today detailing the March, 2024 raid that they did on the Miami estate. He was a special agent in charge and he said it was like 80 to 90 agents that were involved and they found ar 15 rifles loaded with bullets. Serial number scratched off. They found sex toys, Astroglide lubricant. And of course they showed photos to the jury of all of these things and they said that they found the, the guns in Diddy's bedroom closet in Miami. So, and these were included in the federal indictment. So he's gonna finish up and, and talk about some more things I'm, I'm assuming that they found and then they're gonna bring on George Kaplan who is an employee that used to work for them.


That used to work for did that alleges he quit after seeing some physical violence or physical abuse. And then Kid Cudi is on the list for today but they don't believe they'll get to Kid Cudi. And I was told that they probably won't get to Kid Cudi. That Kid Cudi will probably open up the testimonies on Thursday. So there's that. And they've been having a conversation, not in court, but I saw CNN did an article about Diddy's wealth. 'cause as of right now, Forbes still has some value that like $400 million. I saw that actually. Yeah. And Laura coach, she did a really good breakdown about what happens to his money. 'cause I think a lot of people have been trying to figure it that out too. Like does he still have the money, does he not? And she had this expert on who talked about, because they didn't mention taking any of his money prior to and any of the search and seizures that they did.


Everything's up for grabs right now. But basically it would depend on what they prove in court and how that money came into support that. Because a lot, the big thing that they're leaning on right now is this was the enterprise takes money to fund the enterprise. So I I'm assuming that whatever they can prove money wise went into this enterprise. And you know what, Emini here? Yeah, I Didn't understand. I I watched that. I didn't understand it because I'm like, why would they be able to take his assets? Like I didn't, I I didn't understand it From what I took from the expert that was talking was that the assets would come in where I guess like the liquid cash couldn't anymore because you have to make up for Right. Like what you're not able to recoup and what they're saying that you use To do these things. Yeah. But he had a lot of money. Yeah, I'm sure free cost didn't cost a billion dollars.


And they also talked to David James, who's one of did well was one of Diddy's assistants for two years. They had him on the set and he talked about being told how to, when he would go buy things that, you know, were obviously not just for work, they would tell him like, baby, well you right. How to put it where it's not being listed as if bad boy was paying for it. Mm. That so He have a petty cash od personal. Yeah. Oh my gosh. So It was personal. Yeah, That's what, that's, you know what Emini here, he said he messed up 'cause the first time he paid for it and they were like, no, don't do it that way. So he paid For it with the corporate Card. Yeah. So he had to do it a different way. And that, that same assistant is the one who gave more context to that Su knight situation. And he said that, you know, I I I think I talked about this with y'all yesterday.


Yeah, yeah. He went into that, but they tried to get the defense, tried to get the assistant outta here too. They brought up a time where I guess he got into it with the, one of the chefs that used to work for a chef Jordan that got, that was working for Diddy. And it, it just sounded like though that he became almost like a product of the environment that he was in. And and that's what they, they were pointing to a lot of those things, trying to discredit him. But in my opinion, it sounded like okay, he was in this environment where all this crazy stuff was happening and he just started doing what he was seeing. But he testified that he saw and we was overworked and that he saw things that just didn't make sense and that he had to run down on Su Knight or would've if Shook Knight would've actually been there. This I I was thinking about that. If, if all of this stuff is true, SU Knight ain't had nothing on did he?


What you mean you think so? Or do Knight always been known as the boogeyman of hip hop? But if all of this stuff is true, Suge had nothing on Diddy. Oh, you mean as far as Yeah. The type of person they are being a boogeyman. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I I don know like bad Boy, bad boy for real me. Ask a question. Is this trial consuming you Lauren? Yes. Oh my God, yes. Last weekend. That's why I went to the comedy show. Dress was great. I went to the comedy show. I tried to stay offline. Not even just the trial, but even the coverage of it because things are starting to go viral. It's like so many more people's opinions and people calling me and I'm just like, ugh. Like oh my God, sometimes You just got released. Just relax and relax. Disconnect. And you don't gotta, that's What I, I I did realize until this that I don't know how to disconnect.


Right. So last weekend was my first time trying of like, okay, I'm just gonna hang with my family. I'm not gonna get on my phone. I, when I post, I got right off. I didn't look at notifications. Normally I engage in my comments. Comments. I'm not doing that no more. When I leave the court, I'm getting in my Uber and going home. Like I don't need to run into no more. That's You telling all your bays. So now you ain't gotta freaking try to juggle three or four of 'em at one time. Yeah. There's no way she Can for sure. Unc don't make it better. Huh? Just messing up your bay. I'm not juggling anything. Okay. I am absolutely. Now you can flowing effortlessly in one direction and I'm good. Yeah, Because you threw Diddy into the mix. You don't got time to juggle nothing. No. Wow. It's Diddy, Diddy everything. No, but you know the, the people that support me are doing a really good job of making sure I disconnect And I get time off and you know, date nights and things like that.


So yeah. What night? I'm good. Thank you Lauren. You are welcome. Yeah. All right, now you had the court now, right? Yes I am. Alright, good luck. We'll see you tomorrow. Everybody else. The people's choice mixes up next get your request in. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now. You got some Chris Brown Update? Yes I do. They just called me. I had to step out. Chris Brown was just released just under an hour ago. Okay. On a $5 million bail y'all. Wow. So he will be home, you know he, he just walked out. How's he feeling? He's feeling good. He's feeling good. He said he can't really say too much, you know what I'm saying?


He definitely wanna drag his, but he ain't, he ain't ready to do it right now. But Justin's not talking to no goddamn body. Okay. So please don't, don't run with that. They gonna with It. People will run with that. They with what? Jess? Hilarious. Spoke to Chris Brown and Chris Brown. It's the truth. Yes. $5 million bail. Y'all don't Believe It? What? You said You spoke to the one that told Daily Mail that it? No, but you just said you spoke to him. Yes, I spoke to Chris. I speak to Chris all the time. Oh, okay. What Chris you talking about? All right, so you spoke to Chris Brown and what did He say? Yes, he said he out, you know this, everything is going be resolved. He wanted drag his but ain't, you know, he ain't really getting all that right now. Oh, okay.


Alright. Well the exclusive from Jesse Aria, period. We spoke to Chris Brown. Give Give, give him out best. Yes. Salute to Clarissa Shields for joining us this morning. Yes. Yeah, she has a fight July 26th in Michigan. So Lanny Daniels the Australian, the big Australian beast. So we gonna be so salute to Miss Clarissa Shield. Also Mikey Sherell joined us this morning. Yes. She's running for governor of New Jersey. She's a congresswoman and she joined us this morning. Absolutely. She's actually in the lead in Jersey right now. Yes. As far as being governor. So we'll see you next month. That's right. All right. And everybody else, shaman, you got a positive Note bro? I do man. And well first of all, I wanna remind people to go out there and pick up Don Staley's book Uncommon Favor Man.


You saw Don Staley all over the place yesterday. She was on Good Morning America. She was on The View, she was on Stephen Colbert. She'll be on Breakfast Club this week, like she's just all over the place. Book Trapping. But her book Uncommon Favor Basketball in North Philly. My mother and the life lessons I learned from all three is available everywhere. You buy books now. So go pick that up. And if you have not got your tickets yet for Mash, mash Nantucket, Connecticut this Friday, make sure you get your tickets@jessofficial.com. I will be at the Fox Woods Casino. That's Friday night. The show starts at eight, doors open at seven and then Saturday, May 24th, I will be in Boston, Massachusetts at the Wilbur Theater. Same Showtime. Eight o'clock doors open at seven.


Get your tickets right now, Jess Hilarious official.com. See y'all this weekend And the positive notice simply this, stop worrying. Where you are right now is where you're supposed to be. Okay. Right where you are in this moment. Even in all this imperfection and mess, you are right where you are supposed to be. Have a great day Breakfast Club bitches. You I'm finished or y'all done?


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelley bluebooks kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


When things get intense stress, sweat can't be far behind. So let Dove Men Plus Care and a Purse Spence help you stay calm when life gets a little uncomfortable. Like when you're sitting in the front row and an insult comic starts working the crowd. All you can do is smile and laugh along with the comedian Dove Men Plus Care and a Purse Prince help tackle stress, sweat, and odor causing


bacteria so you can get comfortable with the uncomfortable fight back against stress, sweat with Dove Men Plus Care and your Purse. Sprint. Available at Walmart, target and Amazon. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.