
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


At public.com, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public Investing Inc. Member Fin run. S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously, when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit mic the app for details.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Hello, Modo Us. Visit M odo us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at M Mod. Do do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello, Joe's hilarious and Charlamagne B. They're Listening to The Breakfast Club. Thank y'all For being like Cultural family. The. Breakfast Club is where people get their information on the topics, on the artists and everything like That. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like you watch, you're locked into the World's most dangerous Morning show The Bronx If. you wanna break this flu? You ain't gonna bring it. 120 minus gonna not come up here. This what y'all do up Here. That's right. Get up out the beds and listen to the greatest show on Earth. Good morning. USA Yo Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo.


Just hilarious. Hey, what's Up Charlamagne? The guy. Peace to the Planet is Friday. Yes. Since Friday. The weekend is here. Dammit. You still with Child? Yes. Yeah. What? Think she had a baby and then just came back the next day. She been pregnant for a long time, bro. She, I actually said that when I seen her on the screen. I was like, you had the baby yesterday and came back already? Yeah. She said, I wish in the beginning it was like all like the first and second trial. I said it was going quick and then now the third is just dragging. To be honest, This is not even your third. You, you like two weeks left, right? A week. Correct. Two. When did you do That? Two, it's it two weeks. August 17th. August 17th. Okay. Yeah. I went to the doctor yesterday and that little cervix open shorty.


So Right there. Right there's right there. I got one of my legs. Are you, can you see it? Can you see it please? And let the record show You know Jess sent me something she wanted and then when she got it, she didn't even realize that's not even what she wanted. And, I'm saying. No, it's not even, she not don't, don't say she didn't realize Envy. I sent him a pillow. It was a pillow with a hole in there so I can be able to sleep on my like stomach. Yep. But like not on my stomach. And, I open it up. Chris is like, okay, your pillow just came. You know Charlemagne and Jess sent the pillow. Why is it a pool inflatable? I was like, excuse me. What you mean? Wait, what? What do you mean? Because that's what it was. It's a Pool in inflatable Wheel. It was like some pool inflatable pillow. But they A tube. He bought you a tube that goes the pool.


A tube. Yeah. Labeled A pillow though. But that's what she sent. That's the link she sent. Yes. But it's false advertisement, so I'm trying to see It's kind of false advertisement. Like what? So has cartoon characters in on it and everything Like No, it is literally just a pool inflatable. Like That's crazy. Yeah. They said you can put it on land. But I wish I was going on Brand, but You know. But You know what now that I think about it, it really never made no sense. And And I don't know why either one of us ain't see it because it got a hole in it for you to lay on your stomach. You can't do that in bed. Yeah. But, but it depends on what the pillow was made out of. If it's a firm pillow and it's like a, A deep, deep hole. Yes. My stomach could slip into that. And. I could get the best sleep out, but no Inflatable.


Yeah. So, well you Should go in the pool. I think That'ss, God's way of saying, Hey, go in the pool for the next coup next week or so. But that's what I've been doing. I have a pool, but I can swim. I be swimming in the pool. I don't wanna lay on it like no, I'm not. Just try it. Just try it. It might be dope. Just try it. I bet it is. I bet it is. 'cause you paid a substantial amount of money for I just try. I'm about to send it to y'all so y'all can't complete with it. Oh Jesus Christ. Alright, well just, Rob Lowe will be joining us this morning after Rob Lowe. Yes. That Rob Lowe from the eighties. Okay. Yes. From movies like The Outsiders and what else? St. Elmo Street. What else? Rob Lowe, St. Elmo's Fire. Yo. He was in a lot of stuff.


A lot Of stuff. Parks and recreation for years. That is the problem with like my, not the problem with my generation. I'm not gonna say that, but we know faces from back in the day more than names. And when I said Who y'all had the interview and Charlamagne was like, Rob Lowe. I was like, damn. He was like, you don't know what it is. And. I didn't until I saw the picture. The picture And I was like, oh my god. His name is Rob Lowe. I knew, I know who he is. I just never knew his name. But not for nothing. I didn't know his name either. When he was like Rob, he didn't know Rob Lowe. I did not What? Not until I seen his face. Then I was like, oh, that's homie from that movie. That movie. That movie that's from a bunch of movies from, I had no idea. His name is Rob Lowe's been around a long time. He's Oh man.


The Eighties staple. Yeah, staple. Staple. Yeah. He's popular in the nineties too. Then the nineties. 'cause that's where I came up. The Outside came out in the nineties. Yep. Yeah. All right, well let's get the show cracking this morning. I guess it's Ice Spice Morning. Every hour we're gonna be premiering a new Ice Spice joint. Okay. She dropped the Alb. That's right. Her album Y 2K is out today. Now let's start off with Ice by Travis Scott. And we got Front page News. Next show. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning y'all. Happy Friday. We Peace Morgan With that?


With that? Yes. So lemme tell y'all what's been going on in dcs. Yeah. So President Biden, he held a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. As the administration continues to push for a ceasefire in Gaza, the leaders held a bilateral meeting, which means in interest in both sides. You know in the Oval Office before meeting with families of American hostage hostages being held by Hamas. Now, president Biden joked about how long he's known. Netanyahu. Let's hear the audio from the two. Two leaders. So from a, a proud Jewish Zionist to a proud Irish American Zionist, I want to thank you for 50 years of public service and 50 years of support for the state of Israel.


By the way, that first meeting with the Prime Minister Gold Mayor, and she had an assistant sitting next to me, a guy named Rabin. And so far back it goes, I was only 12. Now So many people criticized Vice President Harris for not attending the joint session of Congress, where Prime Minister Netanyahu spoke. Instead, she addressed a black college or If. you heard colored sorority. However, VP Harris did meet with Netanya Netanyahu separately from President Biden yesterday, a meeting that she called Frank and constructive. Let's hear more from Vice President Harris from about her meeting. We cannot look away in the face of these tragedies. We cannot allow ourselves to become numb to the suffering.


And I will not be silent. I have met with the families of these American hostages multiple times now, and I've told them each time, they are not alone. And I. Stand with them. Question. Right? Why do weapons continue to go from the US to Israel if they are pushing for a ceasefire resolution like If, you really wanna ceasefire just stop funding the fire and providing the fire for the fire ammunition. Stop sending weapons, stop sending money. I agree. That would be a start, right? It would definitely be a start. However, Israel is our ally. So, so there is something in the paperwork now Vice President Harris says she and Biden are working daily to bring home those US hostages and Ga Gaza.


Adding that there has been hopeful movement in ceasefire talks. Now, Netanyahu and Biden, oh, excuse me, I said that already. Now, Biden did praise Netanyahu praised Biden for his decades of public service and support to Israel. As the meaning comes just days after Biden, of course bowed out from the 2024 presidential elect election. In other news, VP Harris says she is ready to debate former President Donald Trump. Now, on Thursday, Harris told reporters she agreed to a debate with Trump at the pre-scheduled date on September 10th with a, B, C. She said Trump had previously agreed to that date with Biden, but is now backpedaling and added that voters deserve to see split screen that exists in this race on a debate stage.


Now, this again, since announcing that Biden was stepping down. Now Trump has suggested he may not want to go through with the debate if it's hosted by ABC's abc, excuse me. Instead, he'd rather have his debate hosted by Fox News. Now, Trump campaign's communication director Stephen Chung, said in a statement that it would be inappropriate to schedule things with Harris because Democrats could very well change their minds citing that the DNC has not officially happened and they have not declared Harris the official nominee. Well, The DNC didn't happen at the last debate. Like the DNC hadn't officially happened at the last debate either. He don't want that smoke. But Look, don't prepare If. you want to, okay.


Don't want that smoke. Yeah, Donald Trump don't want those problems. You know what I mean? I think like, like in no way, shape, or form, I Don't think that it should be a choice. I don't think, like as a presidential candidate, you, you should just be like, nah, I ain't gonna do it unless it's something like you're sick or something like comes up like that. I don't think you should do that for the I Oh, go Ahead. What? No, for real. What? No, I see for the, oh, go ahead, mark. Ironically enough, he said he agrees. He said the same thing, Jess, that he wants to debate her. But I, I'm not sure why You know why it's, it's tough. He's terrified. 'cause for the first time in my life I saw a debate change. Literally the whole trajectory of a campaign.


Yep. Right. With Biden Trump. It would be the same thing in this situation. If, you get 51 plus million people watching Kamala Harris versus Donald Trump. The contrast is gonna be clear. 'cause now Trump is the old, he's, he's, he's literally the oldest person that ever run for president. So now he's that right. And then she's just gonna wash him. Yeah. I mean they keep it the same way where it's You know no audience and it's just them talking. Oh my God. Yeah. She didn't gonna wash him. But that's what we said about Biden's team. We said Biden's team should have never let him do that. And Trump seemed smart enough to be like, nah, he learned from Biden's mistakes. Nah, be You don't wanna do that. That's right. Learn from Biden mistakes. That's right. All he Always running his mouth and he want that smoke. So go out there and to Beer. It's easier to do that on social media.


It's hard to do that when somebody's in front of you. Yes. Right. Alright. Alright. That is front page news. We'll see you next hour Morgan. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Call us up right now. It's Friday. Damnit. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, what you doing man? Call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? This is Cam. Cam. What's up? Get it off your chest. What's going on man?


Please Cam. I got a bad story y'all for y'all, but it's kind of funny. A little bit. I like my favorite. Love a good dramedy. Oh, not can be. I got on man. What's going on Charlamagne? I hear you interview. What's going on man? What's up man, sir. And hey Jesse. If you out there? I know If you today Love. I'm in, I'm in. Yeah, I'm in. Y'all. It's Good to hear y'all voice y'all. Thank You. It's good to hear y'all. You gonna ever get to the story about what's wrong? So basically yeah, I'm, I got you. I got y'all. I got y'all. So basically, I recently had a stroke in February. Oh, okay. I sorry to hear that. I was, had sexual intercourse with my girlfriend. I had a stroke Man. Sorry to hear that brother. I know, man.


It was real. You good? I mean, I, I'm not, not Are you, have you bounced back? I'm In rehab right now. I'm trying to recover y'all. I'm trying to recover. Okay. Y'all just pray for me man. I need y'all prayers. So You was, you was actually having sex, you was stroking while you at mid stroke. I was stroking and had a stroke. Damn. What, what's the signs of it brother for You know? 'cause You know. How old are you first of all? I'm 37 years old. Damn. You a young man. Yeah. So you must have had some cardiovascular issue. Yep. What's I'm guessing my blood pressure went up when I was having You know intercourse. What else did the doctor say? Was it your diet? Was it drug use? Like what was Yeah, diet man. I wasn't taking care of myself like I should. I ain't gonna lie to you. And man, I was, I was doing bad man. Working two jobs and everything.


Stressed out. Were you going to the doctor and getting checked out bro Too? Yeah, I'm going to the doctor and everything now. But You know then I wasn't. Yeah, I suggest ev I suggest everybody that's You know, pushing 40 or late thirties. Make sure you take care of yourself well Earlier than that. You wanna start early. You want in, in your twenties, you wanna take care of yourself. So when you are in your thirties and forties, everything is okay. That's, you wanna take shit care of yourself really as hell. That's true. That's why I push people to So medical man. We push people to so medical. So medical. My guy, Dr. Puma, he does these, these, these, these soaring heart scans and he checks your heart because You know all of that. You know the, those clogged arteries lead to heart attacks and strokes and You. know the high blood pressure, all of that stuff.


Fact. Absolutely. Yeah. That's fact. Well you have a good weekend. I appreciate you. Hope you have a speedy recovery. Hello? This Y'all. What up? What up, what up, what up, Vy? What's up? What up? Who's this Big O, big O Entertainment. Big O What's up? What's up? Big O Oh, what's up Big O Big O was the, the, the brother that brought me to South Carolina. The bro, the bro Columbia, the metro. Big O What up? Nice. Yeah. What up, what up, man? I wanted to personally giving you flowers, bro, because you came through definitely left your name in the pavement as always. We appreciate that. They still talking about, you feel me? Nah, I appreciate it. I got a lot of love in the Carolinas, man. Had a good time, man. How you feeling, brother? Man, I'm feeling good man. I'm, I'm ready to keep moving and grooving. Baby You know? Okay. Yeah. For, for all our listeners. Big O was a listener who was driving a a truck driver.


A truck ran into the back of him and he hit his head on the stairwell and became blind. So now big old brother can't see. I think you, you are what? Fully, fully blind or 90% blind. Yeah, I'm fully blind. All I can see is black and blue. Brother Damnit man. Well we appreciate you. Thank you for bringing down Though. We still living. We still living. That's right. You got, you got breath baby. That's more important. Appreciate you bringing me down, bro. All the people out there, all the people out there under the umbrella of vision laws, just keep your head up You. know what I'm saying? There's people like me out here that y'all can look up to that's doing big things out here. That's moving big things. So pray about it. Keep your head up. Appreciate You. Big O suit. You Big O suit. Everybody who listens to us on Hot 1 0 3 9 in Columbia, South Carolina too.


That's right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, It's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Five eight five one five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, this is Jay. Jay Jackson. Jay Jackson. What up? Morning gang. Get it over for your chest. What Up man? Good morning, Jess. Good morning Charles. Man. Good morning, envy. O Mv. Hey King. Yes sir. I want to sit, man, because y'all say ou like y'all say wrong. Y all say ou. Ou I want you to put your two, your two fingers in so ou, not ou Bojo.


Look, I'm an American sir, that I just love Jamaican music and my wife is Jamaican. I said ou. They Really ain't gonna like how I say it. They be like boo. They You gotta put some some in it and Charlamagne man. Yes sir. What's going on? I'm here brother sir. Blessed black and holly favor. What's happening? Yes sir. A couple months ago, man, he got my son in. I said, you, you got my son in trouble. But the big back thing, my son opened the window, called him kid big back and man, his parents came to me. So I'm like, man, we got it from Charlemagne. Big back. Big back. My Jesus. Big back. Big back. He said, oh man, we got that from Charlemagne. Yeah, it was, it was such a crazy situation. But I'm glad to speak to you guys. I, I listened. You guys awesome.


Wish you guys the best. And before we get the car, I like to shout at my business. Lux Dental Smiles You know we don't offer them them big teeth veneers. We offer quality veneers, Lux dental, smiles outta Wear. People still doing the big teeth. Tell Outta Atlanta. Atlanta, Okay. Absolutely. Especially We, we don't offer the one size. Put all teeth. You gotta, people get the one size put all, we don't do that. We'll give a quality Tomorrow. That's right. You know. Alright. Oh, you a dentist? Yeah. Cosmetic dentist. A Jamaican dentist. What's wrong with you? Jamaicans, man. Jamaica. Everything Man. I know that. I just never heard it. That be kind of dope. You sitting in the dentist's office, you hear Little Bob Moley playing You. know what I'm saying? Yo stop. No is Bju. We play a podcast after every day.


You said why take a podcast after every Oh, y'all do a podcast every day. Mad jazz. No, we play you guys on the podcast. Like after, like later on during 12 o'clock. Yeah, we play, we play you guys So You know. So when you doing dental work and you in another man's mouth, do you consider that bti? What? All right, hang on. Goodbye. Thank You. Fire. Fire for that fire. Yes. Why? Why, why? WWWW. And I not the Kendrick. Wp bang. Wp WWW Have a good one. Jay B buck, buck, buck to you two. Oh man. Oh God. Hello. Who's this you? What's up Envy? What's up Trav? Hey, he was just talking about you Trav. Hey Trav. Oh God. We was just talking about you one the Jamaican call man. What? Nah, I wanted Jamaican call. Just call it up here.


We were talking about you. How you doing brother? Jesus? Man you said a Jamaican caller. I feel like I already know who it is. No, no, no, no. It wasn't him. It wasn't Shawn. No. Oh, okay. Okay. What's up J? Hey baby Charlemagne. What's Up girl? What up SISs, how are you? I'm doing good. Can I talk about Sonya Massey real quick? Of course. And one rest in piece to her. But this actually stems from what I just saw with Pretty Vee and Lee pretty V alone because I grew up in a very Christian household. My grandfather was a pastor bishop, church of God in Christ. The term I rebuke you in the name of Jesus that did not come from Sonia. Massey unfortunately knows her last words. But y'all gonna be pretty be alone by rebuking stuff in the name of Jesus.


Y'all trying to say that girl don't be saying that and she's not Christian and she only saying that because of Sonja Massey every Term. Right? You don't, you don't know VVV Mama is a pastor. Pastor G. Exactly. The pastor who's the pastor G Love Pastor G, what are you talking about? Yep. And those were not I I've be buing stuff in the name of Jesus forever. Like And I don't, I don't play around with like that's just something that I just grew up in church. You might be like, oh he gay, he gay, he gay. And he don't. But no, I grew up in church and If you can stuff in the name of Jesus. It's actually very powerful. And it comes from like actually like very powerful from the word of the tongue. Absolutely. And those were not her last words. Her last words were actually okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Mm Oh Well yeah, that part. But no, I'm just saying your defense and then pretty bee's defense.


It was No, I'm sorry. I'm Yes, you're right. You, you're definitely right. But you definitely gotta rebuke stuff in the name of Jesus though because demons out here, they're really true demons out here. Pretty Bee should have rebuked all them comments that was coming at her who didn't know no better. That's what she should have did. Thanks Trav. Amen. Be alright y'all. Bye. All right babe. Bye. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about You So maintenance, so ignorant. Yo ba Try to ball with my sister. Make Boy You is a clown. But speaking of the pretty V, the pretty VI rebuke you in the saying, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus. Man.


Soulja boy came at be Simone, then You know Homegirl jumped in. They on pretty V ass for something to shame even trying to make a joke. It's a lot going on. So we going to, we gonna get it together. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess. News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do. No She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The, Breakfast Club.


She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. All right, so let's break this down. Soulja Boy goes off on Be Simone yesterday in a recent episode of Be Simone's newly branded podcast, which I love by the way. Let's try this again. She made comments about Soulja Boy, but she was telling a story. It wasn't just like she went in about You know on Soulja Boy, this is what her audio sound like. Nobody said, man put on Soja. Boy put on. No, I don't think anybody is ever saying put on Soulja Boy, I don't know why I said that. I am Sleepy weekly. Do you hear me? Not one time has anybody in the 34 years of my life ever Sick.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. If Family Secrets come out, can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu. Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account?


If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com.


5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more low Do us Visit m odo.us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@mmod.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details. Hello, go us.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15. Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month Each at t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers.


Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading feeling awaits And put on Soja Boy and he's a hip hop legend.


I have to say that, but I have never said, oh, what y'all wanna listen to, please put on crank that. I don't think anybody has ever said put on Superman that hoe put on do that Batman. But y'all, we gotta put some respect on Soul Boy name. He is a trendsetter. He is an innovator in the culture. He has been the first to do a lot of things. So I respect Soulja Boy, but me, I have never said put on that Soulja Boy playlist. Oh, She's speaking for herself. I thought she said anybody at first because I would definitely Well she did. Oh She did say anybody at first. And then like she made it more personal while she gave him his flowers and stuff like that too. But when he saw that, he went crazy. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna lie. I've said, yo thorn dunk Don.


Damn right. She got a dunk that yeah, did hear that. Kiss me through the phone, The phone crank turn, turn my swag on. Come on my swag going crank that as Well. Yeah, I was in my Soulja Boy era for like five years. Don't play with it. Right. My big grown ass wake up in the morning talking about turning the swag on just to say I did it in the morning to hell. And I was like, well in my thirties when that happened. Yeah, yeah. We all did. You We all did That. Well we know I soldier boy get yo. And so we decided to go on one of his infamous rants once he heard that. That's what he had to say, You would never have kids. Damn. You look stupid as I got more hair than you. The is a beast of mama. Get your stupid ass outta here. You ugly. How with no hair talking, talking crazy about me. I got more hair than you.


Who the fuck is you? You not funny. I have never been nowhere Talk to No. And they said let's go to a Be Simone Comey show. Let's listen to be Simone. Tell jokes. The only way I ever heard is you was you saying Soulja boy look good. I wanna him, I wanna suck his. I said, no, you mad 'cause I turned you down. Everybody wanna your ugly ass. I'm not the baby. You baldheaded Michael Jordan looking as Charlemagne to God. Looking as What? That was the insult. What I gotta do That the, That was the one that Was the worst one Simon Said, and Charlamagne, She was saying, what is, what is he saying that be Simone is handsome saying be hell No Be Simone Rom confine like I am.


No honey Def definitely Not. No, no, no, no. But Me and Michael Jordan don't look nothing alike. Me and B Simone don't look nothing alike either. No, Shel, y'all do got the same head shape though. I was about to say eyebrows. You and B Me And b Simone got the same eyebrows. Yeah. Yeah. Hers get hers a little bit more altered, a little bit more tailored. But yeah, y'all do got the same handshake though. So I Is tailored too. He he does his eyebrows. I never got my eyebrows done. What? I I don't get my eyebrows done. You got your eyebrows done before? No I haven't. Yes you did. You told us a story about a girl told you to get your eyebrows done. You got 'em done. Oh, I was 17, but you got 'em done. You talking about I'm 46 years old, but you got 'em Done. You was 17 getting your brow brows now. Okay. I got em marched one time. 'cause some a girl gasped me. Two, two young ladies gasped me up to do it.


Nina and Sha. What's up Nina and Sha. And they wanted y'all to be his, we used to Do telemarketing back in the day And they thought you was their gay best friend. No, They told me that Tupac got his eyebrows. Arche. So I need to get my, Oh my God did. And anyway, the monks corner, Tupac boy box. We'll see. Oh my goodness. So Be Simone commenting and say, yo, this is nuts. I literally say we have to put some respect on soldier's name and he's a trendsetter and innovator in a culture. I literally called him a legend. God bless you baby. I hope you good. And then she said, just let's tap in and invited him on a podcast. And she said, love y'all. And he commented back to her and said, you hurt my feelings with the crying emoji, with the, the, the handover his face emoji.


Now listen, a lot of people was in the comments like, yo Soulja boy be on 10. I said, no baby, he be on drugs because why would you go off on her like that? Right. And then your response, you pipe down a little bit. See, he might have had to come down a little bit. You know when you hire you be up there. You Now, when, when, so all right, now when Soldier go on your rant and he say you Charlemagne loves, Look, I ain't, I ain't be Simone. I'm gonna tell you real quick. I ain't be Simone. So you better keep all that where he at Ignore. Actually, I'm actually here for that. I wouldn't mind seeing that. No absolute soldier versus right before going. Right before just going the delivery Be good too far. Just go too far. You don't play with Jess. That's, that's the, that's the fun of it.


Nope. And they both gonna be doing it in just, it's gonna be real fun. Believe it. They don't, they both doing. But I will say this about be Simone though. She did give soldier his flowers. Right? But after she did, but after she known him. Come on, let's be for real now. Come on. I think she said It three times. That's I'm saying. Nobody has Ever said, I don't like when people do that. You know what you said about me. I love, I love Be Simone. But You know what you said about me and you did gimme my flowers. But you also did defecate on me too. Yeah. Yeah. You in on me a little bit. You ain't gonna never make it out. The hood that going die broke you itched on me. But I'll say that, that I've been to a a Be Simone Comedy show and Be Simone is funny. I actually DJ'ed a couple of them, but yeah, now be Simone is funny. She, she, she's dope.


Yeah. That's my girl. Pretty v came to her defense. You know, they're rather, rather close man. She said, Don't play with me, don't be but her Bible. Yep. She said, don't play with me Soulja boy, you better play with them other ones like this, but not the be Simone again. She said, she said, now what? And then in another comment, she said, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus, you live in creature with about 10 laughing emojis. But y'all know social media users not happy with her comment because You know they accused her of making fun of Sonya Massey's death because she told the cops, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus before they killed her. Although the, those weren't her last words. They were You know her second to last word. So she initially defended herself in her Instagram account, on her Instagram account.


But she eventually went live and addressed the, the situation. This what she had to say. This is somebody who, who is bullied by somebody on live on Shade Room. Why would I not pick up for my friend? Why would I not say that? You need to be rebuked. We said that in church. We said that every day. I know the times we're living in. I get it, I understand it. But you have somebody who disrespected someone that you guys love. And you guys are telling me that I can't speak my mind and tell this person that he's a living creature and he needs to be rebuked. Oh, y'all could go sit down somewhere. But like I said, I wasn't trying to be sensitive Unsensitive at all because I know the times that we live in And, I don't play with, if y'all know me, I don't play with God. I don't play with someone who passes away off of a cop being You know whatever.


You know. I, I don't play those games. Y'all know exactly what I meant. I can promise you that's how V talk all the time. Vbo to send us Bible scriptures in about 30 minutes and about 30 minutes when she get up that Bible scripture going out. Her mother is a pastor, pastor G that's what they do. I think it was more so all the laughing emojis that people had got took from it. Of course now I, I know me like she said, if You know me, it's a lot of people that don't know her. They just know her as pretty Vee the social media sensation. And they see on Walla out, they think she always playing. But nah, she's a god fairing woman Christian to the court. She do not play about God. And she And I. I'm not saying. Yeah, I I I don't think she had any ill words whatsoever.


Whatsoever. You know, trying to be funny. It was just the, the emojis. It was Bad. It was bad time. And I don't think she had, I don't think she was, was trying to be malice or trying to be funny. It was just bad timing. I don't think it's ever sensitive. I don't think it's ever a bad time to re tore somebody, somebody in the name of Jesus. Well, it just happened, it just happened to rebuke evil in the name of Jesus. It just happened the day after that video came out and people were still sensitive about it. That's what I mean by bad timing. But I don't think she had any ill will towards that situation. I don't think that that was a, I wonder if she would've left, if she'd have left the emojis off. Would people still say the same thing? Mm. You know what I'm saying? Because I'm telling you it, it's, it's like, it's just like reading a text. You can get And, I get it an insensitive feeling from a text. But when you talk to that person, she dead serious saying it You know what I'm saying?


But like, Like you said, they know pretty view. We know Pastor V. Right? We We know her. We Know Pastor V. Okay. Yeah. So that's your Jess with the mask. All right. Thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan will be joining us and of course, all morning long we're playing Ice Spice album. Y 2K came out and we're playing cuts all morning long. This one features gunna, it's called Itch Unpacking. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Yeah. So in case you missed it, this is kind of breaking right now. Former President Barack Obama and for former First Lady Michelle Obama, they are endorsing vice President Kamala Harris in her Democratic race for president.


A video was released this morning showing Vice President Harris speaking on the phone with both of them. Let's hear the audio from that call. Kamala. Hello? Hi. Hey there. Oh, hi. You're both together. Oh, it's good to hear you both. I, I, I can't have this phone call without saying to my girl. Kamala, I am proud of you. This is going to be historic. We called to say Michelle And I couldn't be prouder to endorse you and to do everything we can to get you through this election and, and into the Oval Office. Oh My goodness. Michelle Brock, this means so much to me. I am looking forward to doing this with the two of you, Doug And I both and getting out there, being on the road.


But most of all, I just wanna tell you the, the words you have spoken and the friendship that you have given over all these years mean more than I can express. So thank you both. It means so much. And, and we're gonna have some fun with this too, aren't We? I'm sure the Obamas will be out there, You know on the campaign trail with her more. That was a very lackluster endorsement though, because You know we've been waiting a week to hear President Obama's endorsement. And I want to hear why the Obamas are endorsing her. Right? Like You know p President Obama usually writes these very eloquent letters. You know and these eloquent statements. I want to hear why he's endorsing Vice president Kamala Harris. I'm sure he will. That was just a phone call, but I'm sure he will. I'm sure he, but he know everybody paying attention to that and they've been waiting on him.


He's the, he's actually the last person. Everybody else has already endorsed him. Endorsed Her. Yeah. He's probably why he, he, he waiting like, he's like, all right, Imma, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do this. So gimme something all eyes on me. We Can't give it to you all at work, baby Y Y'all will make excuses for people that y'all like, but yes, I want, I want more. Exactly. You do the same. Yeah, I I do. But I'm honest about it. But he, he like, like, like he, I wanted, I wanted more outta that endorsement. I wanna know why. That's all I wanna know. Why he'll let us know. Kamala, why did you endorse her? That's what I wanted. Okay. So in a joint statement announcing the endorsement, the Obama said, there's no doubt in our mind that Kamala Harris has exactly what it takes to win this election and deliver for the American people.


So I'm You know, like you said, may well, within the coming days, maybe we'll explain why. Switching gears a little bit. The former president Donald Trump, he's weighing in on the pro-Palestinian demonstrators who burned American flags during protests in Washington DC This week now thousands of demonstrators, wash, marched, excuse me, in Washington to protest Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech. And the fact that he's just here to, again, his speech to a joint meeting of Congress. Now, former president Donald Trump told Fox Fox News that there should be consequences for such actions as burning a flag. Let's hear more from Trump On Rarely have we seen anything like this. And I think you should get a one year jail sentence, If, you do anything to desecrate the American flag.


Now people will say, oh, it's unconstitutional. Those are stupid people all over The World Putin and President Xi of China all over The World. They're watching this Kim Jong-un and he looks at us like we're a bunch of babies. They see that that wouldn't happen in their countries. It would, it's impossible for that to happen in their country. I Would never understand how somebody like Donald Trump can say anything about anything being unconstitutional or anything being unpatriotic. When he led an attempted cool this country to overthrow the results of an election, and he said, we should terminate the Constitution in order to overthrow the results of an election. What's wrong with patriotic than that? I don't know. But You know. There he getting quote, there's some other ways to, well, I would say for obviously burning the flag is the worst way to desecrate the flag.


But there's some other ways to dishonor the flag. You know, wearing it, changing the colors. So anyways, I won't get too much into that, but yeah, you can look it up and you already know who's doing those things. So other lawmakers on the other side of the aisle do agree though. And they are condemning the pro-Palestinian protestors who burn American flags and also to face property blocks away from the US Capitol now house minority leader Hakeem Jeffrey said, anyone engaging in that sort of conduct should be held accountable. Let's hear more from Jefferies. It is unacceptable to deface public property. Desecrate the American flag, threaten Jews with violence or promote terrorist organizations like Hamas. Unacceptable.


Anyone who engages in that activity should be held accountable to the full extent of the law. Not that complicated. And a memorial of Christopher Columbus was also spray painted with the words Hamas and free Gaza. Yeah. So definitely some 10 tension in in regards to those issues there. And speaking of representing the flag on a world stage on The World stage, the Olympic flame is about to be lit today, marking the official start of Paris 2024 with the 2028 summer game set for Los Angeles. Team USA will only have the host nation of France following them in the opening ceremony. NBA legend. Of course, we mentioned this earlier this week, LeBron James will be alongside tennis star Coco golf bearing the US flag.


Now golf is set to become the youngest athlete to ever carry the flag for team USA And the 20-year-old missed out on the 2020 Tokyo Olympics after testing positive for COVID in 2021. Now James is participating in the Olympics for the first time since winning gold at London in 2012. He is a three time Olympic gold medalist. And this will be of course his fourth Olympics. He says it's an honor to be able to represent the country. The US men's basketball team opens the group phase of games against the Nugget star, Nicola Yic and Serbia on Sunday. And I believe the US women's gymnastics team, they take on, they get started on Tuesday.


Who are you guys looking forward to watching in terms of the Olympics? What type of games and sports are you guys? Sari, Sari back and field Track and field. I love, I love gymnastics. I I love the basketball of course. Only the sports I know. But I love, I love the cool stuff. Like they just have all type of cool sports that you never think of real sports. Like they be underwater Water polo. Yeah, water polo and all types of crazy stuff. Yeah. I'm not watching none of that. I watch all that stuff Snoop, all of them athletes. But I'm not watching. I watch basketball, basketball track and field and gymnastics for, nah, that's interesting. I I watch that. I love when the, the Olympics are are on tv. And, I, like fencing, fencing. I love watching that. Okay, There you go. That's outside the Box. I just made that up. Fencing is good too. I just don't know how they score.


But I, I like, I, I like all those type of left activities in sports. It's fun to watch. Good, good Deal. I Soon as they get Ono up in there, UNO. Oh, that'd be fire. What? Oh, UNO tournament at the Olympics. Excuse Me. It's not a sport. It's not, it's not a sport. Guys, can You stop the car? I need to know the rules. Alright y'all, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, be sure to follow at Black Information Network And check us out@binews.com. BS Morgan. Thank you Morgan. Alright, when we come back, actor Rob Lowe will be joining us. Unstable season two drops August 1st on Netflix. And we gonna kick it with Rob Lowe when we come back.


It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D dj NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Rob Lowe. Welcome. Hey, It's good to Be here. How's it going actor? Rob Lowe, I should say unstable. Season two is out August 1st on Netflix. And how you feeling today bro? I'm anytime. This is the only breakfast club I've ever been a part of. Really? Yeah. You know 'cause Yeah, you never got the movie. Yeah, I didn't get the movie. You didn't get the movie? I didn't get the movie. So this is it. Did You try out for the movie Breakfast? Yeah, I tried out for it and they were like, no, because Back then it was like a whole crew. Y'all, it was probably like eight or nine of y'all that was in everything. And John Hughes never put me in anything. Dang. Really? Never did a John Hughes movie.


Never did. I never thought about that. Yeah. You think eighties, you think you and like Molly Ring Wall Never did It took to the nineties for me to, I I finally worked with Molly. We did Stephen King's the Stand Together. But in the eighties, no, no, none of that. Man. Rob, you were famous at a time when fame actually meant something. When there was a barrier of entry to be a celebrity, you actually had to have a talent or skillset. What was being famous in the eighties and nineties? Like I think if I, if I could go back a time machine and be young, single, famous, I would not change a thing. I think the eighties was the time. Mm. Yeah. It was pre cell phones, pre the internet.


It was a very fun time without the complications of today. And to, and as you alluded to, it was hard to be famous. It was like anybody today can be famous overnight, which has its own gifts. There's, there's nothing wrong with it. But you did have to really kind of work. If you had social media in the 80, the nineties. You think you'd have a carina, you think you'd be alive? I wouldn't be alive. And it wouldn't be the social media that would kill me. It would, it would be cheap drugs, better sleeping pills. Yeah. Yeah. Viagra. Viagra. All of it. Yeah. How, How have you had a job for so long? Because there's, there's a, a 1,000,001 Actis, but you stayed consistent. How would you say that you stayed consistent for so long?


I think part of it is I don't have the same level of, I don't wanna say fear 'cause it sounds like I'm judging other actors, but I'm very eager to jump into new genres. You know, in the nineties I jumped into television and, and that was still a time when like If, you had started in movies. You didn't do that. That meant your career was over. And You know that ended up being the West Wing And, I take supporting parts, smaller parts when they're really good for me. Like behind the candelabra with Stephen Soderberg. And so I kind of, I kind of try to follow where the interesting stuff is without thinking about, well what does it say? What does that mean? And then the other thing is I still wanna learn. And I'm curious, like, I'm super curious to, to have new experiences. And you and your son created this show together, right?


That's Right. Did your son earn his gripes in this business or did you do the little nepotism thing? I Did the, I did the, as any dad would do, nepotism thing of Would you like to I'd love it. If you would meet with my son. Dope. I was talking to Steven a yesterday about, about LeBron. LeBron LeBron, LeBron. Yeah. Are you A big Lakers fan? Yeah. Big Lakers fan. Yeah. And I was just saying, look, that's what dads do. But You know, then you gotta put up the points. Or in my kids' place, You know he, when he was a writer's, as you gotta go get the, get the coffee schlep to get the lunches. You know, don't let anybody know who you are. And then you, when you start writing, then you better sell something. 'cause Hollywood and the NBA are not in the business of giving anybody a free ride at the end of the day. So you get season two of you create a show, you've, you've done something.


So I opened the door, but he's gotta walk in it. Did You raise your son John out of fear or love? And the reason I ask that is because You know you've been sober for 30 years. He's been sober for seven years. And I always say my dad raised me outta fear. 'cause he didn't want me to make the same mistakes that he made, but I still ended up making them. Sure. So did you make your, did you raise your son out of fear or love? Both. Okay. The sobriety thing was like, I, I knew really early because I have two sons. One, one, Matthew is in a lawyer and like a businessman. He went into, like I say, real life, You know John Owen went into my phony baloney acting life. One son I knew was gonna have a normal relationship with drugs and alcohol like his mommy. And the other son I knew was gonna be like his daddy.


How, how did You know How? Yeah, How did You know that? Oh, come on man. Like, you, you, you, you walk in on, on on that like the group of kids on the weekend and you, you surprise them. And, and You know there's one kid who's like, and the other kids are like, mm. And you're like, yeah, he's the one. I mean, You know what you just know. And so happily, because I have been there, I know there's only one way to make it happen. And that the parents can't do anything. That you can't get, you can't get sober for anybody other than you. I don't care. It's your girlfriend, your mom, the law, whatever the hell it is.


What does A therapist do when her family is the one who needs help? Seek therapy. Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Kerry Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Would they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. As family secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements, and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures. For more, Modo us Visit m odo.us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are, Mo Do offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website protect deals.


Hello, Go us


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juan's as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's aw, anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from to to aw Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age? That's what meaningful beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Doesn't make any difference that you have to be ready. So by the grace of God, Johnny, God bless him, got his senior year at college. He decided he'd had enough and he came to Dad. And I said, I know what to do now. And so I got him to the right people and and we're a member of of, of one of the great clubs in The. World I think of, of people in recovery. 'cause let's face it, people are out there partying and getting it on are fun. They're fun, they're funny, they're smart, they're the life at the party. They're interesting. So those people sober are the sickest. Now you talked about unstable for people that haven't seen it break down what Unstable is about. So my son If, you follow him on Jo Johnny Lowe Instagram, he makes a lot of fun of me.


He trolls me like no other. And it makes me laugh so, so hard. He's a funny little boy, man. And people really got into the stuff he was saying about me and it became a thing. I couldn't do an interview without people talking about it. So Johnny being a smart kid, was like, I think there, people like this dynamic, maybe there's a show in it. And so we didn't wanna play ourselves, so we had to figure out a show that had the, the thing that people like, which is our dynamic in a world that we created. And we came up with the, what's the math that equals what people are responding to. And that is a father who's in the public eye slightly larger than life, perhaps a little untethered from reality because he's been doing this for so long.


And then the son, who's the only one who can speak real people talk to him. So I play a tech guru, unhinged genius, and John Owen is the son who's trying to live outside that shadow. There's a lot of healing in the show too though. 'cause you see like the grieving over the loss of the the wife. Yeah. And the mom who added that element. And what part of y'all real life were y'all bringing into the show with That, that that's why. So we, we brought in, in season one, Viktor Fresco, who's a very funny writer producer who did the Santa Clarita diet and better off Ted. And he brought that in to help humanize my character. And now in season two we have Andrew Gerland, who, who, who did a show called Friends from College that I love.


And it's always good, I think, to get a third set of eyes on an idea. And we've had really good collaborators who've helped. But that was, that was something that they added. Did you make your son audition for his own role? I make him audition every day. No, no. He was And I. Listen, I was worried about it because You know he's acted. He did, he's done some stuff on his own. But this was a huge leap for him. And in season two, seeing the growth. 'cause we've got some comic killers on the show. I mean, Lamar Morris is on the show, Lamor and who I love, he's ugh. And he's so good in it. We got Fred Armisen, who's on it? Iris Aow. So Z Johnny really hold his own with that group.


This, this year is great. All Right, we got more with act. Rob Lowe, when we come back, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It it's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Rob Lowe. Unstable. Season two comes out August 1st on Netflix. Charlamagne. Now you've been married 29 years too, right? 33. 33. Wow. So you talk about being unstable. That what, what level of stability has being married for 33 years provided you? Oh man, it's, it's saved my life. You know for sure You know my, my wife Cheryl is, I don't even know how to describe it because she's always been my best friend. She is the smartest person, the most instinctive person I know.


And smartest. But like the greatest instincts and my greatest supporter and a and a terrific mom. So if, if You know anybody out there, if you're lucky enough to get that in your life, you're so far ahead of the game. What made you finally have the You know wherewithal to say, You know what? I gotta settle down. 'cause you was a, not only were you a star in the eighties and nineties, you were considered what they call a heartthrob sex symbol. Yeah, I was a player. I was out there. Dunno About sex symbol now If, you think he's sexy? Just say that. Sex. I say heart thro. I say sex symbol. I said heart thrive. Girls would call him a sex symbol. Heart throb. I'll take both guys. Oh, he'll give, he'll give you both. I'm happy with both. No, he likes both. No, that's not true. I I said six of I'm happy with both. That's all right. I'll take it. Come on man. I'm a 60-year-old man. I'll take that. Well, fighting will be right now. Which seems kind of weird now. But go ahead. But You know what I mean.


I do. He was getting a lot of Rob. I I I will. I was, I was having a, I was having a really good time. Yeah. Yeah. There's, and and by the way, that's why I think when I was done, I was done. It's just, it's no different than partying. It's like I didn't get cheated. I went down swinging. So when I was done, Literally, literally swinging everything, all the place today. Sorry. I'm glad you got, you got It. Took a minute. I got it. But I just, But so when I was done, I was done. You know I have no illusions. I left it all in the, whatever analogy you wanna use. I left it all in the field. Was your sex tape the first leak sex tape ever? Yes. Yeah. You invented the sex tape. That was 88, right? He said you invented the sex tape. Invented it. You did celebrity sex tape. Yeah, but I was stupid enough to See, here's the thing is being first isn't always best because like nobody monetized it made it made Kim k, but it, but it almost ruined me.


Why did it almost ruin you? 'cause you had an Imit uphold Dude. So If, you were to go back and look at the nightly news from whatever that came out. Tom Broca go to Evening ERs Or so No, there's NBC News. Alright, Dr. Rob Row, blah, blah, blah, blah And the whole thing. And they go. And another news, Intiman Square Democracy Rose as a man stood in front of a ta. Chinaman Square was the second story. Damn On the news. How did the tape leak? Was it your tape? You were recording somebody broken into your house or something like how did it leak? The it got stolen. But You know, look man, it's like, it's one of those things that led me to where I am. I have no regrets in my life. And I. And I've thought about it, man, I really, really have is because I've always learned more from the mistakes.


It started me thinking about what am I really doing here? Who am I hanging out with? You know, you're only as good as the company you keep You know. Then I looked around and met my wife Cheryl about a year after that. And it wasn't, it wasn't like I had an overnight conversion on anything, but I realized that it's like, what do they say? It's time to put You know. It was time to, it was time to move on to a different, different life. And the truth. I read that you once coached Michael Jordan Magic Johnson coach, Where I did. Yeah. So Magic used to have amazing fundraiser. I wanna say it was for United Negro College Fund. I wanna say it was at the forum every summer. And you had to show like If, you were in the N-B-A-N-B-A and you got the call from him.


You showed. So every star you can imagine played and Arsenio coached one side. And I coached the other. It tells you exactly like what era it is, right? And it was the first time that MJ and and Magic played together on the same team. And we scored, we like I did anything. They scored 200 points and lost. Who'd they play against? Who was on the other team? The other team was Carl Malone. Clyde Drexler. Those are the two I really remember And I. Remember that? I called a timeout towards the end of the game just so I could be involved. And everybody was laughing. And I. Look over at Michael. And he was like dead eyed. And everybody's laughing. And all of a sudden people realize that Michael wasn't laughing, laughing. And they all looked at him.


And I goes, Hey man, we gonna win this motherfucker. And everybody was like, oh, okay. We didn't know that was how it was. Right? And so then they, everybody played defense and still lost. But I saw firsthand like Michael doesn't play. Wow. And it was also the first time he ever shot free throws with his eyes closed. Which I think he went on to do once at least in NBA. Yeah, he did. He did. He did. This is the first time he did it. I want somebody to look up the over 34 shooting stat. I need to know who that was. One of these internet SLS will figure it out. Yeah. Was Hollywood in the eighties really as evil as people made it out to be? Well, in what sense? Tell me, tell me. It's like when you, like when you see all these hard, you see these documentaries now and they got the creepy music playing and everybody was on draw. No, it was more innocent because we didn't know what we didn't know.


I mean, listen, when I came up, my heroes were all on Blow. Yeah. I don't wanna name names of the actors, but again, you could do the math. They all lived on Mulholland and they all were single and they all were getting after it every single night and winning Academy Awards. And then they'd roll the Laker games. And dude, I just modeled my life after the, after my heroes And Cocaine was just regular and it was purity. No, it's it's what you did If. you were If you were successful and smart. And by the way, in the beginning, they thought it was good for you. Really? Yeah. Nobody knew. It hadn't brought a generation to its knees yet again. We didn't know what We didn't, we didn't know. It's like, it's like anything else. What we know about how we treat people in the workplace. You know today is a completely different time. I mean, Warner Brothers gave You know all of us underage kids booze on the set of the outsiders studio.


It's just people didn't know. We didn't know any better. Is that why you and Tom Cruise got in fight y'all drunk? We weren't drunk when we fought. We were, we were training. We, we were doing like a fight night before there was a fight night in the hallway. 'cause we were just young dudes, testosterone, like real fight in that slap box. Like fight, fight. And we, we had full gear on headgear, gloves. So you, Tom Cruise, Matt Dillon, Patrick Swayze. Matt didn't do any of the athletics. Okay. None. Zero. Matt, I love Matt most unathletic movie star, whoever lived Patrick Swayze, God bless the day. He, he Was a baller. He was super Athletic. Emilio es the boss. Another one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it was me, Emilio and Tom were the, the ones who trained all the time. And and part of the training was boxing and You know If you, I got off a clean one once and that was the end.


I just, then Tom just went Wild. So he was mad. You hit him. He's Just competitive. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. It was great. But that's, that's what it's like If. you guys were in college and screwing around with your, your fellas in a, in a frat or whatever. Whatever that would look like is what we did. Got you in the hotel. 'cause we were 17, 18, 19-year-old kids. And where were your parents? Like when the executives were feeding y'all booze and stuff, like where were the parents of the guardians At 18, you didn't have to have a guardian. I turned 18 on the set of the outsiders. It was the drinking age in some states back then again, we didn't know. We didn't know. And but Tommy, he was a kid. Tommy was 15 and he was just getting after it. Pony boy Tom, pony boy. 15 Tom, Tommy.


How? Oh, Tommy. How? Oh, Tommy. How, okay. Okay. Would you ever make a movie about that era and like really tell the truth? I wrote a book about, about it and, and there's a chapter or two more, but there's more than a few chapters called Stories. I only tell my friends, you can get it on Amazon. There's some good stuff in it there, but I've never, I I may do a documentary. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm talking to some folks about doing a documentary. Well Rob has to go. Yeah, I know. Unstable season two premieres August 1st on Netflix. And Rob Lowe, we appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely. Thank you. This is Great guys. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Listen, I wanna tell everybody tomorrow I will be in Cincinnati at the black male think tank. Okay, that sounded crazy at first.


All right, man, shut up. Everything sound crazy to you? You got gay ears, that's your Problem. No, The black male. I said whoa. Okay. It's a black male think tank in Cincinnati. I'll be there tomorrow at one 30 having a conversation about mental health. My panel starts at one 30. One 30. So I see y'all tomorrow Cincinnati. Okay. Yes. Alright, now we got Jess with the mess coming up. What we talking about Jess? He talking about Bobby and the markup. Mm. Who? Oh, that. Oh, the the white girl Bobby. I was like, I don't think who? Bobby who? Yeah. Bobby Elof. Oh, oh. And or Ath off. Oh, okay, okay, okay. And funny Marco, that's what we talking about. Okay, We'll get to that next we going tour Together. But we gonna get to it though.


Alright. Right. It's the breakfast low. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess. H Moore just don't do no lying. Don't nobody worldwide, just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's Aship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off. So Bobby Aloff speaks on the tour cancellation. Bobby and funny Marco, they was scheduled to do that. Open Thoughts versus the really good podcast summer tour together.


Right. And they started the tour together. But halfway through Marco canceled the tour with Bobby and continued to do shows on his own. Earlier this week he shared a video explaining why he canceled the tour dates with the rest of the tour. You know with Bobby, that's what he said. When people pay they hard working money. I really, really care about that. So when I'm on standup tour and I'm selling out these tours, and then me and Bobby be able to come together and people are paying they money to come see us, I really want that to get better. I don't want it to be the same. I don't want to take nobody money. If. you can't get it again. And I feel like Bobby was stiff a little bit You, know what I'm saying? And I'm like, Hey man, let's, let's really, really work on this. Like And I, I paid script writers.


Like let's really get him a show. And what she told me, that's not me. Bobby was like, my comedy is me not talking a lot. And I'm like, this is different. Like you could do that on the podcast, but in real life this is different. Yeah, I agree. But to before we continue, you can't make somebody be somebody that they not. That's right. You know what I'm saying? You knew that she, you knew what you was getting yourself into when she be doing her little dry ass interviews. You know she's awkward. We know she has social anxiety. We know she like that. She always stiff. She don't try to hide it. 'cause she can't. Absolutely can't. That's just who she is. So, but It seems like it was funny as a podcast, but when they did it live Yeah. Duh. It just got, it was trash. You can look at, you can look at that and tell her that wouldn't translate to the stage Exactly.


Everything you just said, Jess is is the, it's the dryness and the stiffness of it is what works when you're on camera interviewing somebody. But I ain't about to sit here and pay money to watch you do that on stage. No. And if she told you that You, know what I'm saying? Why would you still You know, proceed to try to change her and do it all and while, while still working on your stuff. 'cause you still working on your own standup You. know what I'm saying? So, but after You can't stand up and she sit down and not work. Yeah. No, no, no. It is never gonna work like that. Were they selling tickets? They said they selling out. She Said they said they sold, they were selling out. Yes. The first half of the show. You know, he just wasn't pleased with her performance. But I mean, Hmm. Somebody, somebody was, 'cause they was buying them tickets them together as a package seemed like a cool idea.


But either way, after this video, after his video circulated, Bobby decided to make a video of her own and share her side of the story. That's what she said. Last year we were supposed to go on tour. And I backed out last minute because my husband had just left me. I just had surgery. And I was super nervous going into this because I was not prepared. And, I text, Marco And I said Marco, I'm so sorry to do this, but I'm so depressed right now. I literally wanna myself, he doesn't reply to me. Fast forward sometime bumps into me and I'm like, oh, hey Stranger. He's like, let's go on tour again. I'm like, all right, fine, let's do it. But like, it's hard for me to get outta my comfort zone of like, I have social anxiety.


Our last show, And I drank a little And I thought it went so well. Fast forward a couple more weeks, And I hear from my team that he canceled it. And I'm like, what the hell? Fast forward to today. And I get tagged in a video of Marco standing by a pool talking to everybody about why he canceled the tour. And mind you, the pool was empty. I'm like, come on Marco. But yeah, that was, I understand we all understand social anxiety, but I must say that video was pretty dry and stiff. I couldn't even get through it. You would've to tell me what happened? Well, Bobby, her her audio. Yeah. And once she Just did that was Yeah, She was saying, okay, so yeah. So if y'all tuned out. Yeah, she had, she had canceled the, to they was originally supposed to go into a last year had she had, that was like around the time where her husband had left her You know she had surgery.


She was going off. She said she wanted to offer herself for real. So she text Margo like, yo, I don't even think I can go through with this. I'm so sorry. These are the issues that I'm facing right now. Understandable. And, And that was that You know what I mean? So they, they, she said he didn't respond, but then he came back to her. Yeah. Later. Like, all right, let's do the tour. She said, okay, cool. She was in a better space. They, they planned for the tour and then halfway through, she didn't even find out by him. I'm shocked. She even replied back to Mark, if I hit you, And, I tell you And, I'm going through all of this And, I'm depressed. And you said, she said she might offer herself That what you said? Yes. Yeah. I did all of that. And you ain't even replied, damn, I'm not talking to you no more. Six months later hit me up a year later talking about go on tour. No, no. Where was you in my time of need?


Right. You know, like, just a response. Like, okay, prayers up something. Hopefully We can Austin prayers. Damn. Something She was thinking That check, she was thinking the check at that time. Like, damn, we could get some bread. Let's go to F for all that. Let's just go get this money. Yeah. But if You know Marco, like Marco is a very awkward person too. Like I'm just, he not as awkward as her. And, I don't know her, but she shows her awkward a lot more than he does. But he's, he's not really, I'm not gonna say he not all there. I mean, but I'm just saying like, he's a def he's social socially awkward as well. So he maybe he didn't know what to say in that time. But my problem with it is you didn't even call her and tell her You just posted it on Instagram. Yeah. She found out from her team that they had just canceled it.


'cause they saw it. He didn't even tell her team. He told us, and she found out with us, The teachable moment is that you just can't cheat the game. Right? Yeah. Like you, like you can't skip steps. You know, you have to go through the process. Everything has to go through a process. I don't care how hot you think you are on social media, that stage, you're humble, you quick. Right. Just know what, Excuse me. It will, it, it, it don't, you can't go on there thinking like this is the internet. You can't edit your stuff. You can't take stuff back. You can't depend on the like and comments them, people in your face. So you gotta make them laugh or you will be booed or it will be quiet. I, yo I'd rather it be quiet than for people to boo me. I mean, I'd rather it for, for people to boo me than for it to be quiet.


'cause then You know you slowly failing. I mean, that's never happened to me. But I'm just saying like, yo, I would rather hear boo than for it to be dead quiet. See, when I'm quiet, I'm enjoying the show because I'm listening. Right. Because You know. You know how y'all are as comedians. Just you say something then you might have a follow up joke. So I'm listening. Yeah. When you hear me dying laughing, you bombing crack a joke. Somebody laugh. The whole crowd would be quiet and I'd be in there cackling. Ha. Yeah. Nah, that's not how that's supposed to go. Nah, I'd be thinking that you laughing at my jokes. Like I would never even get that. But yo, moving on Oprah and Gale, they addressed the, the, the rumors. So Oprah and Gale recently did an interview together on moments that we make with Melinda French Gate.


Shout out to her during the conversation, they spoke on their friendship and address rumors about them secretly being in a relationship with each other. 'cause y'all know that's always been like the little thingy thing, but that's what they say. For years people used to say we were gay or that we were, and and, and listen, we, we were up against that for forever. And people still make think, Still think And, I used to say to over, you gotta do a show on this. 'cause it's hard enough for me to get a date on Saturday night. People thinking We're gay. One of the things I started to think was maybe people aren't accustomed to seeing women with this kind of truth bond. Meaning the reason why I think our friendship has worked is because Gail is happier for me for any kind of success or victory or challenge I get through than I am for myself.


Why Y'all want everybody to be gay so bad? That's you. That's that's you Want everybody to be gay. Yo, to be honest with her, I, I understand how she felt, but I felt like y'all think we gay, we gay Oprah. Like, yo no, tell them that we not. Yo, I'm telling you, Same thing with Charlotte man up here. What is Melinda, Melinda Gates do podcast now. Yeah. She got a Yeah. Damn. Uhuh Uhuh. You can't say that all that money Melinda Comes. No, you cannot. This guy Crazy boxing Have big rich ass. She rich As hell. No. Well, He could say the big rich ass party. The other party can't say What. Yeah, it, it was just that interview. I'm not sure if it's a gonna be if it's interview.


She's doing interviews, but I don't know if it's a podcast case. All Right. Up next Dunking the day. That's 3D. Yes you can.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. As family secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures.


For more mo Go Us. Visit m odo.us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at m mo. Do do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details. Hello. Do us


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, Whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford And. I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like I never liked being told. Oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what meaningful beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Y'all talking about dump it for no reason. But y'all know people try to say that about me and Shaio. They everybody keep trying. Say like, oh, That's You and your best friend, like mess with each other. I'm like, no, no we Don't. Why? Just because Sheen is a stud. Yeah. Just because Sheen is a stud. And I have a stud best friend. Like that's, nah, that's that. That wouldn't even I thought you was saying I got a stud or I thought that's what you I didn't, I didn't hit that Just a Tom girl. But no, I everybody been trying to say that for years. They like, oh no, Shena the baby forever. Like how, What? She You know why that the baby shower Sheena was behind you hugging You hoping.


Was she She been hugging me like that for years though. That's just what it is. Was She? Yeah. Yeah. She always hugging me like that. Like yo telling you. But no Sheena not Pops girl. Bye. Sheena not pops. Pops. Because you would definitely be pops. No, Brittany Grana is definitely pops. Alright, What you giving your donkey too, man? Four after the hour. Four after the hour, man. This is four after the hour. Four after the hour. Man, I can't, I can't say what I want to say 'cause I wanna do guess what race it is. So we'll talk about it for after the hour. Yes, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Once your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go, is it a gave Me donkey of the day?


And. I deserve it. People need to know they need. Well you need to tell them I Am If. you have the voice. Tell them. Tell Meredith it's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlemagne to love everybody. So stand till who you give Dusty Day too. Now listen, donkey today for Friday, July 26th goes to Charles Christopher, who's 24 years old. Jordan Leonard, who's 25 years old, Taja Rose, who's 22, and DeAngelo Spencer, who's 26. Every single one of those individuals, a part of a nine count federal indictment charging them with committing armed robberies at several businesses in Los Angeles County.


Question man. Hmm. What's going on in prisons nowadays? I I seriously want to know because when I, when I, when I was growing up, I saw Oz where men You know were getting their chocolate starfishes scratched and You know things like, things like that. Like watching these turd burglars breaking into other men's booties that let me know prison wasn't no place to be. Okay? They had a documentary called Inside the World's Toughest Prisons. They had Beyond Scared straight. They had all these images of prison that let us know this isn't where you want to be. Clearly that has changed because I feel like there are young men out here literally campaigning to be America's next top inmates. See, according to People Magazine, these four young men allegedly had what is described as a la robbery routine.


They would drive up to a seven 11 or CVS pharmacy and their blue BMW with the sheisty mask on. They would pull out a gun and demand cash from the register or drugs from the store. Okay, armed robbery. I get it. The problem is, it doesn't stop there. After they would do these robberies, I mean literally every time they would post on Instagram, okay? Over a seven week period from early November until Christmas Eve 2023, these four young men committed a slew of robberies. Okay? When an article says you have committed a slew of something, that means a lot, a large number of things, just say slew, slew, slew. Okay? Now they robbed all these seven elevens and got about $7,617 in cash along with thousands in CVS pharmaceuticals, which the article says they would later sell.


But I don't know, okay? When I hear what they were doing, sounds like they might have been using more than selling. Now these guys I told you with pull up in a blue 2011 BMW 3, 2 8 i four door car, every single time, the indictment describes it as distinct. Meaning everyone knew this car, everybody knew it was them. This is what happens when you watch power one too many times. Okay? Tommy had a blue mustang at the scene of every damn crime he ever committed. So y'all decided to do the same with a blue BMW Delete your Stars app right now. Okay? This is too much. Now, on November, back in November, DeAngelo Spencer made a series of posts to Instagram before and after the alleged robbery.


I really want to know where y'all think y'all be at when you be on social media. Okay folks, act like social media and some whole other dimension, some whole other earth like we Earth 6 1 16 and social media is Earth 1 0 0 0 5. All my marvel heads know what I'm talking about, but some of you really act like what happens on social media doesn't have any impact on you in the real world. I don't get it. But Christopher would post on IG all the cash on another post. He would, he would be in all black clothing with his poo sheisty mask pulled up to expose his face. Yes, the indictment claimed his all black outfit matched with the robbery suspects were wearing. Were wearing. Okay, let me describe some of these posts for you, man.


One post, one of the men published photos of a bunch of a hundred dollars bills with the caption loading up, okay, with a, with with a sunglasses wearing emoji with the smiley face and a green check mark. These guys also robbed the same seven 11 twice. Okay? Took cash outta three registers, then posted on IG later all the money with the caption stacks of cash. Another time one of the guys posted on IG following a robbery, a picture of a bunch of piles of cash. He professed his love for his homies by putting my bros and he tagged all the bros who helped him commit the robbery in the picture. No, listen to the caption of this one. This is a good one. One of 'em put stacks of cash that they just stole from seven 11 and he captioned it with love my bros.


We go hit every time. Oh boy. Oh, this one is good too. After they stole about $2,130 worth of pharmaceuticals from the L-A-C-V-S, one of them put all the medication on Instagram and advertised the stolen medication for sale, the caption said I got sirp. Now they in jail, okay with no lawyers as of this past Wednesday. They have no lawyers. All right? Two of them pleaded not guilty to the charges and were ordered Jailed without Bond. Another one hasn't entered a plea yet. The other is slated for arraignment. These young men need to have courses. How to go to prison for dummies. I mean, you can't not tell me that these guys aren't purposely trying to go to prison so they can do some poop shoot plundering.


There's nothing left to do here before we give 'em the heehaw, other than play a game of guess what race it is. All right. Charles, Christopher Jordan, Leonard Taja, rose DeAngelo. Spencer robbed a bunch of seven elevens and CVSs. Every time they would rob the seven Elevens and CVSs, they would put everything on Instagram DJ in me. Guess what? Race is black Damn down, down. Why are they driving A BMW And the m BMW is a black man's wish. Everything that you said, Everything Poo sheisty mask. Okay? Just, I love my bros. Adding them, showing the cash online.


Just hilarious. Charles Christopher Jordan Leonard and Tasia Rose. DeAngelo Spencer. They would rob a bunch of seven elevens in CVS and post all of the stolen items on Instagram. Just hilarious. Guess what? Race it. Islay. Damn damn down. Why y'all think these people black? Just everything on social media we're literally our own detriment. Literally, I, I don't know any white Asian DeAngelos either. What do you DeAngelo? Whose name is DeAngelo and his name Leonard. One of I name Leonard. I know a biracial DeAngelo. Listen, Charles, Christopher Jordan, Leonard Taja Rose and DeAngelo Spencer are not black.


Hell no, They're   That is powerful. Ry at work. There's a difference, right? Please give Charles Christopher Jordan, Leonard Tasia Rose and DeAngelo Spencer the biggest haw. There is a difference. There is a difference. But not the er. Why couldn't he just be NH gig? GAS Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, Nah. These are Oh, they not, they not, they not my niggas. They them niggas. They don't. Okay. There's the difference between them, nigga my niggas and then them niggas. They from take away from them niggas over there. Okay. Yeah, definitely them niggas, they away from them niggas. Those niggas they away from.


Yo. Yeah. I didn agree. All right, well thank you for that donkey of the day. Now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Latoya Lucky was here earlier and she has a new flick out. It's called, what's the name of it? I, I didn't know my husband's wife was alive or something like that. I thought my husband's wife was dead. I Was close. There you go. All right. But during that, she talks about You know she plays kind of like a crazy ex. So we were asking her about what's the craziest thing that she's done. And this is what she said. I was looking through my phone for something. And I saw that I had stored a side chick's number from my ex-boyfriend in my phone.


I was like, why do I still have This? You forgot to call her. I never called her. Yeah, But why do I even have this in Here? Because you wanted to call her and see what was going on. Woman to woman. I'm just calling you woman to woman. I Had the, I was ready to go for the woman to woman conversation. Yeah, I don't Did You, did you erase the number? I did not. I Wish she go just in case. Just in case. I should go and handle That. If she's a well known side chick, you never know. No, She's not. She was very, and after, at the end of the day, me and her probably could have been friends. She's super sweet, quiet to herself. Yeah, I thought about that last night. How do You know all that? Well, let's, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Ladies, have you ever had to have that woman or woman conversation you ever pull up on the other woman?


That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Jess, we'll hear from you when we come back. All right. Wait, say it like that. I don't know If, you have or not. We, we, we, we'll hear from you when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Steady calling man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now If, you just joining us yesterday, we had Latoya Luckett on the show and we were talking about her new movie. And in the movie she plays a crazy woman a little bit.


And then we asked what's the craziest thing that she's done? And this is what she was telling us. I was looking through my phone for something. And I saw that I had stored a side chick's number from my ex-boyfriend in my phone. I was like, why do I still have this? You forgot to call her. I never called her. Yeah, but why do I even have this in Here? Because you wanted to call her and see what was going on. Woman to woman. I'm just calling you woman to woman. I Had the, I was ready to go for the woman to woman conversation. Yeah, I don't Did you, did you erase the number? I did not. We Should go just in case. Just in case. I Should go and handle that. If she's a well known side chick, you never know. No, She's not. She was very, and at, at the end of the day, me and her probably could have been friends. Mm.


She's super sweet, quiet to herself. Yeah. I thought about that last night. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, have you ever had that woman to woman conversation? Let's start with you, Jess. I mean, well, yeah, definitely. Rome gave me a lot of experience with that. So You know. I've always been I know y'all. I know that it was a lot. It was a lot. But yeah, I, I definitely have. 'cause sometimes you got to, I don't believe in Oh no, don't, don't go after the man, go after the woman. Sometimes the woman knows very well, like she's in the wrong, just like the guy is. And then there has been times I've been the other woman and didn't know that I was the other woman.


Like, 'cause we got those instances too. And somebody come to me like, oh yeah, whole time, this is what it was. And he lied to you And. I'm like, oh my god, this didn't know. How many fights did you get into? Oh my god. That many. Yeah. With Jerome following yo, like the first baby before that was crazy. Like, it was like when I was pregnant, I got into two fights. Jesus. And then before I was pregnant, I would get in fights with girls. I would see leaving outta his house. Jesus Crazy. Yeah. Rome lawyers. It's surprising that you guys are still best friends after all that I know. Yo. I know. But no, that, that, that other woman talked like now, now when Toya said she had the, the number numbers in her phone, but she ain't never used it.


I ain't never had somebody number And. I used it. If I'm having it, I'm not just storing it and then finding out how shy and great, oh, we could have been friends. No, never. I've always called like, where you at? How long you been dealing with him? Okay, meet up here. And that's just what it was. You know, it's interesting, people always say that women are are, are silly for fighting the other woman or if a man fighting another man If, you find out that You know your girl cheating. No, because if that woman know that that man had a girl Yeah, you, she should know better. So there should be consequences to that For both. Yeah. Yes. I'm You gotta get, you gotta get tagged up too. Yep. And that's exactly what was happening. We got Tracy on the line. Tracy, hey, come on.


And Tracy, Hey girl. Good morning. You ever had that woman to woman conversation? Tracy? Oh yeah. So the guy now we live together. So his ex-girlfriend is very delusional, came to the house. I was working from home at the time, knocked on the door. I instantly knew who it was because he just had an argument outside like, why is you there? Because he had a protective order against her. So I had time that day. So I clocked out and something told me don't open the door. So I looked at the pee hole. And, I thought it was a dude, but it was her. So he called me, he was like, don't answer the door, Google, whatever.


But I went and grabbed my pee because for one thing, I'm not going to You know, sit here and fight you over those man, it's 50 million Ns out here, so you're very delusional. But yeah, we had that conversation, but I had it with my seal in my hand. So she ran downstairs, saw us talking noise and all that kind of stuff, telling me, come downstairs, yo, I'm not gonna come downstairs. I used to see what I have in my hand and we gonna end it like that. Dang. But I had to realize she was very delusional because I had to do my homework on her. So it was just a big mess. You know, but I have no issues. Now. Did she back away from that door though? Oh hell Yeah.


Okay. Yeah, she, she backed away when she saw that line in my head, she backed immediately away. It was either me throwing her over the stairs or yeah, she's gonna get what she came for it. So I just pretty much let her know I got time that I clocked off from work. You know it is what it is. But my thing is never fight over a man. My whole thing is all about the disrespect, but get him, it's when you disrespect me over something, I'm like, girl, it's so many men out here, what the hell? You know what I'm saying? So not only that, but I have to find him too to make sure that I wasn't crazy. So. Yeah, but y'all have no other issues. Y'all gotta stop saying there's no other, it's, it's, it's a bunch of other men out there though, because there is a bunch of other men out there.


But that ain't the one that you was having unprotected sex with. That ain't the one that probably gave you a yeast infection. You. know what I mean? That ain't the one that You know you was doing nasty things to that you can't take back. You let that man sweat on you. That's why you upset. Hello? Yeah. Tiara. Yeah. Hello. You ever had to have that one, that, that woman to woman conversation? I did. Tell us about it. Okay, so I wasn't the wife, I was the side piece, but like the side piece kept calling me, playing on my phone. Like they would call me like and let me hear them in the background and stuff like that. So like I was mad and called her. I was like, I found out how to get in touch with the wife and then I got in touch with her. And. I was like, well You know I'm not the one that you need to worry about. Like this one stay right here in your same city.


Dang. So like You know I called and snitched on her and then they had like their little controversy or whatever, but I had left him alone. But it was just the fact that she just kept like, I don't know, he had her calling my phone. So it was just, or he didn't even know. Every time I asked him about it, he was like, well I didn't know she was calling you. And I'm like, well now You know. Dang. So it was more than one. He had like a roster of y'all and he wanted Y to fight Bro. I guess so. But he was acting dumb. Like it was just like, he didn't even have a like, like every time I asked him about it, he was like, I, he drinks a lot or whatever. So I guess You know, maybe they was all having drinks or whatever. But she would call my phone private And I would hear them in the background. Like one time I heard him, he like, You know my nipples or whatever.


So I'm like, so y'all in the, y'all in the car You. know what I'm Saying? Like, oh, he said, he said my nipples. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Freaky. I thought that was like his thing. He like this nipples. But I'm like, but then I would call him back and tell him about it and he was be like, man, that ain't happen. That ain't happen. I'm like, okay, bet well, oh yeah, I called his wife. Damn. There we go. And Thank you mama. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Have you ever had that woman to woman? My nipples? How do you even explain that to your main girl? You asked your side chick your nipples. Dang. I wonder if, if she left them. That's what I wonder. I wonder if the wife left him. Well call us up right now. Have you ever had to have that woman to woman conversation?


Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Tell her If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic times. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about Latoya Lucky. She was on the show yesterday and she talked about the time where she almost had to have that woman to woman conversation list. Listen, I was looking through my phone for something. And I saw that I had stored a side chick's number from my ex-boyfriend in my phone.


I was like, why do I still have This? You forgot to call Her. I never called her. Yeah, but why do I even have this in Here? Because you wanted to call her and see what was going on. Woman to woman. I'm just calling you woman to woman. I Had the, I was ready to go for the woman to woman conversation. Yeah, I don't Did you, Did you erase the number? I did not. We should go just in case. Just in case. I should go and handle that. If she's a well known side chick, you never know. No, she's not. She was very, and after, at the end of the day, me and her probably could have been friends. She's super sweet, quiet to herself. Yeah, I thought about that last night. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Have you ever had to have that woman to woman conversation? All right. Hello, who's this?


Hey, it's LaSandra from Brown County. Hey LaSandra. Hey girl. Hey girl. So basically this is like kind of one of my little stories. You know back in my simple minded times I've was evolved since then. But this is like kind of like when I had to find out like You know pull up on the little side chicks that my man at the time was messing with. So like my home girl, she work on like the other side of town. So she had told me that she seen You know like my man down there and it ain't no sense because like he don't work down there. He got no family down there. So like, what is you doing down there? I bring it up to him like he is like You know stuttering. He's like, oh, You know, just like saying, I'm like, okay. Like I let it go, but like You know clock in it. 'cause I'm like, okay, 'cause that's like suspicious. So I go through that phone 'cause they nine times outta 10 them answer, don't be in that phone.


So I go through that phone, I see a message thread with him and this girl and I'm like just trying to find a location. So once I get the location, that's all I needed. Boom. I get the location baby. I give me a a Amazon get up, go to that address. One thing about it, them Amazon packages, they stay coming to everybody's house. Yes they do. So I go to the they. Yeah. Okay. So I go to the address and lo and behold, my man is there. It's his cousin's car that's parked. So he think he was slick. So then I knock on the door.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Would they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe With Paige and Family Secrets come out, can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank, not investment advice.


Modo Us


Visit Modo us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website for details.


Hello. Do Us


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juans as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's. Aw. Anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from to to aw Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age? That's what Meaningful Beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Like You know she opened the door. I'm like, oh, You know, just giving her, I'm like, yeah, I'm just delivering the package. You know people packages get solely and You know, just making some Bs. I don't want my ratings to go there. I don't even know if Amazon people get rating check. But anyways, I tell her, oh yeah, no problem. Oh my God, You know this car is so cute. I remember this was my first car, You know when I was 16. She's like, oh yes, my man car, he upstairs. Boom clock. That's all I wanna know. Like I just wanna know y'all in here screaming and screaming and hunching because now I'm about to do me. 'cause when I, the thing about it is, I don't got no problem with you Facebook, but If you cheating. I'm gonna do took and play that game. No visible. Mm. So You know I find that information. I keep the tuck in the vault and then You know I ain't gonna lie. Players, players slip up. My bad You know he three months later type of stuff. He, he caught me doing my my thing And.


I ain't You know I ain't, I because I I thought we was Now don't, don't, don't start stuttering his pee path. That party you cheating now. Oh my Goodness. No, but, but he but he did it first though. So he, he caught me doing my thing, so. Oh no, but he caught But he did it first though. Charlamagne. He did it first. Okay. So what did you do? What did you do? You, did you run up, down? I was, no, I, I just went like, I just wanted to clock that he was doing it with her. I confirm. I was like, because I didn't really care. Yes. I just wanted to confirm. I, after I got the Amazon get it that was wanted to confirm You didn't care, but you was the empire. And. I mean was the a Amazon Im pasta to go through all of this to you deliver the fake package. I just Wanted to know. Just, just, I just wanted to know.


I just wanted, because I ke I wanted to keep that tuck in the, about two months later he caught me doing what I was doing and then he bring it up. So I bring up that girl. He ain't say nothing. So we both went to sleep and we ain't bring it up no more. Listen, we, we not together no more. I just wanted to say that is not my ministry no more. But at the time, that's what I did. At the end of that, I'm not gonna fight. But yeah, that's not ministry no more. I'm not about to fight in like, because I dunno where that girl got in her house. I ain't know she got no gun. I just wanted to confirm like that's all I wanna Do. Thank you. LaSandra You know. Okay girl LaSandra feel you You know what you made me realize LaSandra, even though I always this lash LaSandra, black people can really do anything we put our mind to what you mean? I mean our discernment, our instincts, our natural inclination to just figure things out. We can do anything we want.


You went from Detective Sherlock Holmes Yep. To an Amazon delivery driver. Yep. The future to Sarah Jake Roberts talking about a ministry look at God. Yes. That's not my Ministry. And You know what it is. And You know what what else? Ka of 2024. Y'all better vote. Okay. And then we go to to politics. Okay. I mad You love y'all by my black people. Peace queen. Peace queen. What's what's the moral of the story? If. you love a verse queen. Yo, look, honestly, I don't know what the moral is yet because still I still got that Lord crazy bone in my body. If something never approached you, like, because sometimes yo a side chick will lie. Like, you'll find out something and the guy will get to the side chick first and be like, yo, lie for me. And they will lie.


They the ones that need the ass. Whoop. They the ones that need to be dragged up under the, the, the car and kicked in in their head. Like they the ones. That's what I did before. But I'm saying like they will lie to you. Yo look in your face and lie. Be like, oh no, we, we just cool and whole time you was just in my bed. What you talking about? So yeah, I don't know about no moral or nothing. 'cause there ain't no more rally. All right. I'm trying to think. All right, well we got Jess with the mess coming up. No, it's Friday already. Day. Oh Shoot. That's right. It's Friday. Up next we we going bed. We got Nyla. Pastor Arks. That's right Nyla. When we come back we gonna kick it with nla. She gonna tell us some of the hottest music out right now. So don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The.


Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. It's time for Pastor Oaks. Go. Yeah. dj. Come. Spin. Spin. What's up Nyla? What's up guys? Big Nyla, Big girl. How y'all feeling? Blessed Black and Holly. Favorite Happy belated Born day. Happy belated. Yesterday was Nyla's born day. What'd you do? I was in DC I did this party at Shanklin Hall with Wild World Jam. Shout out to DJ Money and Malcolm Xavier, they threw the party.


It was really dope. What's up? Money? Yes. Out to DJ Money. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's my guy. That was to Vegas together. That's my guy. That was fun. But yeah man. So I'm fresh from the club. All right. So I'm giving you the best that I got energy wise, but I think the music is gonna help. The first one I wanna kick it off with is Saturday mornings featuring Lil Wayne is Cord Day's record. So Ooh, I need more real love and less fake laugh. Fire Lil Wayne. Go in on that too. It dope. It's hard. He did, they shot a video too. The videos though too. Yes. Corde one in ones man. Man, he one in ones If you had to write like a a a top 10 You know of new great Lyricists, even though he's been around for a little minute. He'd be on my top 10 of like a new new generation lyrical lyricists.


Definitely in the conversation. One of those type the lyrical miracle. I just wanna hear more music from Corde. I like, I like Cordell a lot. Yeah, he, he took a little break, but I think he he did he making his way back. All right, next we got Young Nudie featuring Metro Booming with John Wayne. Okay. You sound better. Not clean. I'm sure I get it. Yeah. Sound like a feature track. Mm. That's that metro booming effect sound like, Like vitrectomy. Yeah, I like it. It's Cool. Now That made me go shoplift You. Know what I'm saying? That made me go shoplift it. Right, Right. You know what I'm saying? You be in a little seven 11, you see the little You know Krispy Kreme donut thing and the Dunking Donut thing. You just grab one or two You know, eat it right there in, in the store. What's up You. know what I'm saying? All right.


And then we got Mustard's album drop today. I listened through a few tracks. I really like this mom record that he did on there with Ty Dolla sign. But I wanted to make it West Coast since I feel like this is a moment for the West. So this record's called Pressured Up with Vince Staples and Schoolboy Q Slapper like it Okay. Slapper like that. Yeah, it's very West Coast. All Right. Okay, cool. And then the last one, Tory Lanes is releasing music from jail and prison. From Prison. Okay. Yes. He's in prison. Yeah. Hanging in the jail. Oh My God. It's called Prison Tapes, actually. Duh. But the first single is called Wish I Never Met You. Who's that about?


Well shut up. No. What? It's not who? No, I'm just No, no, no. Because they put out a little backstory behind it. It says Tori recorded this after finding out on the jail phone that his woman was cheating on him to make mad words. Tori learned that she was cheating on him with a friend of his. The call dropped abruptly leaving him to sit and think about every detail of the relationship. The next time he had a phone privilege, she called the girl and asked if she had anything to tell him. She immediately confessed and told Tori that she wishes she never made the decision to cheat. Tori replied with, I wish I never met you in the first place. That jail studio almost got some good, that's what I'm saying, some good equipment. Huh? Remember what he said? Remember what he said yesterday when we played the audio? He said he figured it out. How he can do an album over the phone is gonna sound just as clear as he's out.


And that sounds like he was out in that. That is crazy. That is crazy. But listen, does it, go ahead. What you Say? Does it sound like, is Ka, does it sound like old music that they're just putting out? I be feeling like everything online. You know. I think about that. I didn't think about that. Like from the Donald Trump thing to this little press release about the record. I'm like, nah, this is all stage. He, I thought he got married in jail. I thought he went to prison and got married in prison. How am I tripping? I think He has a girl. Yeah, but I don't, I don't know about Marriage. It's the thing though. If, you going to do a bid? How long Tori got? Six, seven years. Seven. Well, he said he's coming home soon. I thought It was 10, man, they coming home soon, but they, I thought it was 10 years. I thought it was the guy. Hey, you better go do that bid by yourself You. know what I'm saying? Like you can't tell a girl, a woman still gonna have needs and she's still gonna have desires If she holds you down, great.


But is it really when you behind the walls? It is one of his friends though. Yeah, I get the Yeah, the friend part is messed up. I get it. They they, they was, they was friends though. Yeah, the friend part is messed up. I get that. But you Right. The studio equipment that they have in prison is crazy. He Said he did it over the phone. Oh, if he did do it over the phone. That's crazy. He said he figured it out yesterday. He got it. Like you said, it better not be old music. He gotta say Kamala Harris for, for president. That's the grandma that's the know. But what's crazy is now you, you was, you was effing friends and then now you mad 'cause one of your friends hit your girl. Excuse LOL Ooh, That's the tea right there. I like that. The, The first part of it is messed up, but If you If you behind them walls and you doing 10 years, man.


Yo, your woman ain't cheap. By yourself. By Yourself. Yes it is. Just tell me first though. Just say, look, we gonna take a break. Don't do it. Why would you wanna know that You got, listen, you need to worry about you, you need to worry about not cheating. Alright, so worry about what I'm doing out here. Alright? There's no need for me to tell you what I'm doing outside, outside this prison. You Mercy? Yeah. Before this goes any more left, make sure you guys follow me on Instagram at nla Simone and y la SYMO and e make you guys tap into at it's instant certified vibe, we update our playlist, weekly certified playlist on Apple Music. And then Fantastic event last week. Toony NLA had her certified vibe live last week. We finally got Charlamagne out the house.


Y'all, we couldn't believe it. Yeah, I Can't. She she had Rapsody perform Rhapsody's artist, Nico Brim. Yep. Sebastian, Michael Sebastian, Michael and Brittany. Yep. Bri Brittany's not her artist though, Right? No, that's her mentee. Okay. She's in the Emit Forward program. So Bri, Brittany Carter, she's from Chicago. Really, really dope. Mc. That was my first time meeting her. Now Nyla has like A really dope event. Charlamagne to call her mugshot, looking at his pictures on Barbara. Please Smile. Yo, please. Yo, why aren't you smiling in photos? I, I, it, I'm, I'm getting my Frederick Douglass on. I want, I wanna look the same in every photo. Like there was Frederick Douglass used to do that. He used to keep the same poles, same face in every photo. And so like, I want all my photos to look the Same.


Everything goes back to Silver, right? Every, I'm gonna make you smile next time, every single time. Oh, it was, it is a very dope event. Like Nyla really brings the culture out because it makes me, it made me just, it reinforc that You know culture is still very much alive. You just have to build spaces for the culture to live. That's all. Yeah. Dope. So you built a space for culture to live, so that's Dope. Yeah. I'm thankful for everybody who came out. Definitely super thankful to Rhapsody for hitting the stage, just for somebody of her stature and status to hit the stage and not only shine light on people like my platform, but also a Nico. And Brittany is, is really cool. So shout out to Queen Rhapsody, please don't cry out now. And she just dropped or announced that she's going on tour, so make sure y'all get your tickets.


I'm, I'm thinking about doing like a, a homegirl suite, like just buying a bunch of tickets for me and my homegirls dope and just going and mopping out for Rhapsody. But yeah, tap in guys. All right. Now when we come back, of course we throw it back on the Friday. The people's choice mix. Let's go. The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, jet. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got some special guests in the building. Our guys from the 85 South Show. We got Chico Bean and Carlos Miller in the building. Good morning everybody. It's Carlos Miller Chico. How you guys doing? How you brothers doing? How y'all feeling? Good man. How you feeling this morning? DJ Envy? I'm good. That's good man. They to line you up Stuff already man.


I just wanna check on my brother, make sure he good man. The Crazy point is I see him in Vegas, right? He pops outta Vegas and I'm sitting at DJing. I'm like, oh man, I know he gonna light me up. So I had tried to sneak out it. He ain't light me up. Thank God Though. Nah, you remember you Name nowadays though, God, right. Better You. know what I mean? Before I get to running him Allegations, my tripping. Did he get a little darker, huh? Yeah, that's what I was, that's why I asked was he okay man. You know baby. He got a little, yeah, he just in the face though. He must have been wearing Turtlenecks and Turks. Well you guys are going to be in Newark this week in the Prudential Center. Most Definitely. Yep. Big business comedy talk. Yes sir. Yes sir. What can they expect from an 85 South show tour? Mike? Big laughs, big performances, everything big Man.


Now, now do y'all do a separate sets or is this the all, does this the show that y'all do collectively You know what? All these years we've been coming up here for you to still have to ask that question. Let us know that you do not support in the same way we need you to. You never been to a show. Somebody do it Different. I'm gonna come this weekend. Somebody told me y'all do it different though. Somebody told me sometimes y'all do standup and sometimes y'all do it collectively. We ain't did standup in like what about six? About six years. Dang. Now Even the three head months. I Mean we tried to do it, but the people crave all three of us at Once. Yeah. Pause. Yeah, they do. They want to take it all in. But didn't y'all just come off tour? Yeah, that's what we do. Yeah. It's literally our job.


Exactly. As soon as we come off business, we get another one started. That's right. You say you saw just Naked in the Tubie movie Carlos. I aint see that. That was behind the scenes. She said I know but I don't Wanna hear. No, she was making sweet love to a Caucasian Man on the, on the, that Was actually a Caucasian woman On the, on the social. Damn what my Tubie subscription is. I what general I be telling Nothing. I I be just watching random shows and then she just pop out. I'm like, look at Jess. I'm like, this must be the scene where she got pregnant in. No, because no woman, no woman could get me pregnant. That was actually a stud. That was a, a white stud. I was gay. Wait a minute. Show you how much Carlos said was a man got with a white stud.


Yes. Hey man, I need to call my management. I don't understand how I missed that. That right. Are y'all not paying attention? I'm not. See This shit? I see that movie I saw, I got a story to tell when she cut the white woman head off. That was great. But I was very much given in that scene though. So did you cut the white stud head off after y'all had sex? No. I didn't know. Mine was two different movies. You got more than one man, this is ridiculous. That was different. That's a different series. Both of 'em are series one is, I got a story to tell. My episode is episode five and then on 10 series. That's me Colin Powell. It is a bunch of other people in it too. Oh, I'm Watching that this weekend. And she was naked. She said She in a movie with Colin Powell. But see, timeout you in a movie with Colin Powell.


Yeah. Yeah. I Gotta see that now. Timeout. I don't think she said that right. Do you? Colin Powell. Colin Powell. We know she Said Colin Powell. Do You know who Colin Powell is? Yes. Man, ain't that ghost Now. Yeah, exactly that Yeah. Know you was not in a movie. Colin Powell, when you shoot that, It's a series. We shot it over the pandemic and that might be his Name. Google Powell. Let Google Powell and watch would come up. I know which one gonna come up, but it might be an actor named Colin Powell too, ain't it? I thought It was Clifton Powell. That's She talking about. That's who she talking about. She said she was in a movie with Colin Powell. Well, who? Listen man. General Colin Powell.


What need A surgeon General or Attorney General or something Clifton. Yeah, my bad. That's why I saying Pinky my bad. Now what's the difference? What's the difference between the big fitness tour and the three headed monster to Hey man, the big business tour is the one that lets You know that, hey, we ain't just figuring it out no more. This is, we really in our stride, we really know exactly what we doing. We take like we got, we got sets, we taking the whole presentation to another level, added the screens different sounds different, all everything, bro. So we bringing even more elements to the 85 South show. Pretty much. Yeah. And it's, it's doing it bigger. It is just showing You know, like he said, the elevation of what it is that we do because You know we are the first to do it in that capacity.


As far as You know, black entertainment, especially You know what I mean? We were the first to really get on stage together and show what that dynamic looked like. So now it's to a point where we are developing it to where You know you setting up an example for You know this to be a valuable option in entertainment for especially black comedians to be able to share that spotlight and be able to get the money together. So it's it's definitely big business. It's Like the evolution of the kings of comedy. Absolutely. For sure. You know, like they like we they used to do individual, but imagine if they came out there and Come back. Yeah, that was a whole nother movie. It's a whole nother movie You know what I mean? We coulda got Colin Powell in that Stupid yo, Wow. Get your tickets. There are some tickets available. They're gonna be joining us Monday, but they just wanted to pop up and tell us up about their show this week.


And they're gonna be at the Prudential Center in Newark, the big business comedy tour. Get your tickets, still some tickets available. And you're gonna be in Philly coming up too, right? Yeah. At The the Licorice Center? No, it's the LA Chorus, whatever. Yeah, the li I call it the ous Center. Really? What day? Sunday. Sunday. Sunday. Sunday. Yeah. You get On College Hill. And I. He know this is LA Chorus. No, that was Chico Said that that was me that said that. No, he it. No, he just corrected you and said it's the LA chorus. Oh. Just don't Act like I didn't get a whole degree out here. Like I'm, I'm really Looking Into some medical programs that I can join. I'm really smarter than a lot of y'all mess around. He gonna deliver your baby. Be first. We got some. So Charlemagne.


Well we appreciate you for joining us. We see you guys on Monday. Get your tickets, If. you haven't got it. And Charlamagne, you got a positive note. I do man. It is simple. You know we're thinking about life. Remember this. No amount of guilt can solve the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future. So just enjoy the moment. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Modo Us Visit m odo us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at MO do us for your free welcome bonus. Moto is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited Play responsibly. Conditions apply to website details.


Hello. Go Us@public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto and more. Plus you can earn an industry leading 5.1% PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and SIIC, not a bank, not investment advice.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise and healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Hi icons. It's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single chason featuring Megan Trainor out today. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chassen from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


Hello, it is Ryan And. I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.