
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. Emini here. You can't find shoes this good. Just anywhere. Find a shoe for you from brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store. Or dsw.com.


Good morning, us a yo yo, Yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlamagne the guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump. Good. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning. Good morning. Yes. Good morning. How you feeling? How you feeling, Jess? I feel Good. I feel really, really good. I went to the pool yesterday in, in my building for the first time because, you know, I got my pool at my state in Maryland, but I, I lived in Building, go ahead, ball. Okay. Baller. How was it?


Baller? A state in Maryland. It was good. Let me read the room. Let me read the room. I'm not about to be another B Simone. I'm not. I'm not. So did you have your h and m on when you went to the Pool? I did. My baby suit actually comes from Sheen. Okay. So, yeah. But it was nice though. And it was good to go swimming with Ash and see what he's learned at swim school. 'cause like he be really trying to like swim me in circles now. Like, it is, it is wild. I love that. So shout out to British Swim School. Like they, they really been doing their thing. And my daughter, my daughter is, yo, she about to be a little shark shorty. Like, it's crazy. She, Dude, your daughters taller than Charlemagne now you know that, right? Your daughter is taller than Charlamagne now. Yeah. I gotta learn how to swim too. My damn.


So you don't know how to swim, swim You from the country doing how to Swim? I do, but not like that. Like, I, I don't know how to like, I guess I can tread water when I do starfish. It's Tread, not thread. Tread water. What? Saying Tread. Not thread. Thread. I can tread, I can tread water when I do starfish, but that's about it. You know what, Emini here. Okay. What The hell is starfish? That Is crazy. But, And I, I can only do it like under the water. I can't do it on top of the water. And it is weird 'cause you be in the pool with your d like my daughters can swim because you know, people swim less so they can swim. Swim. And so it's like they can swim to the deep end. And I'm sitting there like, don't y'all go out there like, no, don't you go out there. They can, They could swim back. You can't save Them. Absolutely. Oh Yes. He said he could tread water underwater. That means you would drowning. He sir tread water means you're above the water, sir.


No, He actually said thread water. One Thing y'all don't realize is I can actually breathe underwater. And I've told y'all this a million times. Like I can actually breathe underwater. Anybody can? Y'all just don't try. No y Y'all go water and naturally hold your breath. Oh. But you can breathe underwater. You can breathe through your ears. You can breathe through your butt hole. You can breathe to the poisons in your skin. If you are afraid you could do, we can do that as humans. Y'all just ain't never try it. I'll show you and Somebody's gonna go try today and they gonna damn near drown listening to you. Oh my. No, you cannot. You cannot. What You gonna drown The World? You think you gonna drown? I'm shocked that he don't like the the southerners. They be the ones that be swimming. Swimming early on. Absolutely. Listen, If you think you going drown, you going drown. But if you go in there with the mindset, if you know what? I can actually breathe underwater. You'll breathe underwater.


You go underwater and hold your breath every time, don't you? Every Time. But you Don't have as you should. No, you don't have to. Oh my goodness. You can breathe underwater if You wanna commit suicide. You don't have to. That's Not suicide. Oh my goodness. And salute to all the girl dads. The season is officially over To be a girl dad. God damn. You just gonna be a deadbeat for the rest of the summer. No, I'm talking about, damn. That's Crazy. Dead season is officially over the dead season. I know Lauren far. Like damn. I just missed it again For Lauren was like, it's always down. I'm always a season Dance season is officially over yesterday. Damn. London did her last dance, which was amazing.


She killed it yesterday. She picked up about five awards yesterday. She came highest score on contemporary highest score in jazz. She got the judges awards, she got best costume. And over, I think it was like over 200 girls, she came in second place yesterday. Congratulations. She picked up about six awards yesterday. I'm super duper proud. My girls are having an amazing time and it's over until next year. Congratulations. Paris's Killing It, man. Oh, they've been killing it. Our dad's so proud and I've been out there yelling and screaming and running around acting a monkey. So congratulations to them Man. Can we appreciate what little Paris is out there doing, man, listen. Not Paris. London In Brooklyn. London and Brooklyn, not Paris and Manhattan. London and Brooklyn. We got Two great guests on the day too. By the way.


The king and the queen is spinning the block. Yes, Nelly as Here. That's right. They got a new reality show called We Belong Together that starts on Peacock tomorrow. So they'll be here to talk about it today. That's, I love it. Alright, and we got front page news. So let's start the show. Morgan is out today, so Mimi will be joining us with Her next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now, let's start with some quick sports. The 2025 NBA draft will be tonight at 8:00 PM All right, so the draft is gonna be televised on ESPN and some more basketball news. Pingus is traded to the Hawks.


You know, Pingus used to be with the Knicks and he was traded to the Celtics, and now he's on the Hawks. All right, what's up Mimi? What's up y'all? Peace, Mimi. Let's jump right into it. Good morning. Good morning. So that fragile ceasefire between Iran and Israel, it appears, it appears to be holding strong this morning, despite nearly falling apart just yesterday. So before leaving the White House for a natal summit, president Trump expressed frustration with both countries saying neither side seems to be s ticking to the agreement. And this comes after Israel accused Iran of violating its terms by launching more missiles after agreeing to the ceasefire. Now Iran, they, they are denying that claim, but when pressed by reporters yesterday about the status of the ceasefire, Trump used some colorful language when answering their questions.


Let's listen to what he had to say. I'm not happy with Israel. You know when, when I say, okay, now you have 12 hours. You don't go out in the first hour and just drop everything you have on 'em. So I'm not happy with them. I'm not happy with Iran either. You know what we have, we basically have two countries that have been fighting so long and so hard that they don't know what the fuck they're doing. Do you understand that? He was absolutely right. Like I, he said nothing wrong. And you know, Trump, Trump, like, I'm out here trying to get the Nobel Peace Prize and y'all stepping on my headline? Yeah. Okay. The headline is supposed to be Trump Stops 12 Day War. That was the headline. S that was the, that was what the headline was supposed to be yesterday.


But, you know, Israel had, had other, had had other plans. Yeah. So, you know, and then over the weekend Trump said the US they completely, or they completed very successful attacks on three nuclear sites in Iran. But there's a new report that's out this morning, a new US intelligence report that is now casting doubt on those claims. The report, which came from inside the Pentagon now says the operation only set the program back a few months, but it did not completely destroy the nuclear facilities like Trump claimed. And so Trump is of course pushing, pushing back on that report. And he's calling the strike quote, one of the most successful military strikes in history.


And then he wrote in all caps, on true social, the nuclear sites in Iran are completely destroyed. And the White House, they also issued a statement calling the report flat out wrong. And they say it was leaked by an anonymous low level loser in the intelligence community. Now, according to CNNU, US officials believe Iran still maintains secret nuclear facilities that were not targeted in the strike and remain operational. So there is, go ahead. No, not, but your brows are definitely freaky. I wanted to tell you that. Oh, thank you. Eyebrows are great. Thank you. Just, just as Crazy. I appreciate that. No, that's a, that needed to hear that. Thank you.


No problem. So meanwhile, Texas Congressman Al Green, he filed articles of impeachment against President Trump accusing him of abusing his power by sidestepping Congress and by launching military action without approval. He had a lot to say on the house floor yesterday. Let's listen to some of it. The president of the United States has committed an impeachable act. No one person should have the power to take over 300 million people to war without consulting with the Congress of the United States of America. I believe that if we do not take immediate action, this authoritarian president will not only devolve the country into authoritarianism.


I believe he is a, would be dictator who would become a dictator. Such a way every time they do that. Yeah. Is that a way time that they gotta spend money to do that? 'cause it's just, it doesn't make sense at point. I don't know if they have to spend money, but Emini here, they, they've def definitely tried to impeach him twice already. But, you know, I don't understand. And we talked about this with Joanne Reed yesterday, and I've been saying it all week, I don't understand the whole, Donald Trump didn't get congressional approval to do military action. When you can point to other presidents who have also done that, it's, it's damn near have become routine for presidents not to get congressional approval to take military action from Obama to Biden, to Clinton, to George W. Bush. So what's the problem? Yeah. Why is it a problem? Why is it such an issue Now I don know.


Well, I think, I think it's because they feel like Trump is a little unhinged. And so yesterday though, you, you, you've touched on this yesterday too, and Joy touched on it yesterday. A lot of Democrats are secretly wanting the war to, or wanting what happened in Iran. The strikes to happen because 344 to 79 was the vote with the house overwhelmingly rejecting green's resolution. So more than 120 Democrats joined Republicans in voting to table those articles of impeachment for not getting congressional approval. Of course, green has been one of Trump's most vocal critics. He introduced multiple impeachment efforts, including one, just last month. But meanwhile, a meeting that was scheduled for yesterday to brief the House and the Senate have been rescheduled for later this week.


And Democrats, they are very upset about that because they wanna see evidence to back up Trump's claim that the strikes were necessary. And they say that they deserve answers. Yeah, they should. So that's where we are. I think they should just be focusing on the fact that Trump broke another campaign promise. Trump said that there would be no war. He said that he would stop the war that were going on and he damn sure didn't say he was gonna lead us into, in, into another one. So they should be focusing on that. Like he's wasting your taxpayer dollars on bomb And Iran like that should be the conversation. Not that, you know, he didn't get congressional approval. Like that's, that's, that's just hypocrisy to say he didn't get congressional approval when, you know, other presidents didn't either. Right. All right, well that is front page news. Mimi. We'll see you next hour. Alright, talk next hour.


Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines or wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's time To get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this Joe Green. I Get it off your chest, Brother. Hey buddy, if anything can Charlemagne talk to his wife about running for Reakfast?


Man, you don't shut up. What are you talking? Come on. Hey, he know, he knows everything about It. That is not true. Know what we need. No, no I don't. I'm I'm, no, I do not. And no, why you Rehearsing it real good on, on on the radio? No, I don't. You rehearsing It. I think that's what he's trying to do too. You know, I think his charlemagne's real play is to become president. That's what I really think. Yeah, You out your damn mind. Hey, we, we need somebody there. You know, you always talking about what's going on, what we need and everything. You know who we need to run for President John Stewart. John Stewart needed to run for President John Stewart that hosts the Daily Show. That's who needs to run for president. But thank you brother.


Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Vincent. How you doing? What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Hey, I wanna talk about, you know, this Iran, Israel thing. You know, a lot of people are saying you going war, but as a former veteran, the people that support this war probably won't ever go to war. Probably never been to war. Talk to me brother. Tell me this Is not what we want. Talk to me, talk to me. Tell us something you know better than everybody. No, well see the thing is like I been, I've been to Afghanistan half the time when we go to war, it's like people, what they already say, we either going for a purpose, the oil or some minerals just like he wanted, we don't wanna go to war with these countries.


You see rupture in North Korea speaking out, but we ain't took the ball left. Yeah. Why, why, why, why you say those countries in particular though, like in the Middle East? Why, why We don't wanna go to the war with them Emini here. I don't want war period. But I'm just asking why? Because Those countries in the Middle East, they'll come together on us. Gotcha. If you look at how many wars have been in the Middle East and look how many times we've gone and then all of a sudden we got hell of, we got other countries like churches speaking out. We don't wanna go in the Middle East to start messing with these s because eventually they gonna gang up on It. Got you, got you. Well let's, let's hope that this ceasefire, you know, stays put. Well, and the other thing is our military capability, no matter how much they keep saying it, we we're ready personnel wise, the the, the military as a whole is low on personnel right now.


A lot of people are not signing up for the military. So we have to go back to what they tried before this draft. And we don't want that either. Well what about ai? They want AI to replace everything else. Why can't they? They need to get some AI soldiers. Like how about ai? Well If you look, if you look at the wars today, they either drones or air strikes anyway. Yeah. And, and all cyber attacks and stuff like that. Right. And you know, and, And I look the things that we don't want, we don't want nobody to go to war. I agree with that. You know, but you, but you got this president that's trying to be big and tough and bully people and it's, we the ones that's gonna fight and he the one that draft before. Yeah. Emini here. It's interesting though. I, we keep saying this president as if war is not the American way.


Like what president? Well we know That and that's The Yeah. Presidents on both sides love launching military action. Like why do we Just say this president, like this is not the American way. Well and that's why, you know, a lot of these Middle Eastern countries look at us and say we the bullies. But we always try to go to these other countries. But then here we go asking China to have them cut off the straighter hard moves because of oil. Yeah. Alright, well thank you for Be a diplomatic partner and saying let's not go to war and do new, but we talking about, oh, let's not make the oil go up. Right. Absolutely. Well, thank you for checking in brother. Yes sir. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk away, that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything With near is best. Call up next. (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? This is Q from the Lu. What's up Bru Club? What's up Q from Lu? You know your brother Nelly stopping through a little bit. Hey, that's what's up man. Shout out to Nelly. Hometown favorite. I just want to get off my chest first of all.


Good morning DJ Envy. Good morning. What up Shar? Peace King. Is Jess there I am. What's up Jess? What the mess. I love you. Thank you. Love you babe. I just wanted to just give flowers. I was a weekend in the Lou in St. Louis and a blind guy got up and gave a motivational speech, danced and song. He was phenomenal. I've been, listen, me and my wife been listening to his music since Father's Day weekend. I just wanna show him some light. His name is Sfo, S-Y-N-G-F-O. He's outta St. Louis. He's phenomenal. He gives you a inspirational field and motivate, I believe.


I don't wanna say a story. He lost his vision the second week of the pandemic. And What, how he did that? How'd that happen When the story came, he said that he got stabbed in the eye. He used to be a yn damn. And he didn't take care of his health and something like he didn't come out the house until 2023. And I'm telling you, if you was to see this man's show, you first wouldn't know he was blind. And his, his vibe, his passion is just infectious. And I just wanna shout that brother out. We've been listening to his music since, since Father's Day weekend. And we've been jamming out like again, his name is Sing fo.


He don't even know me. I don't even know him, but I'm inspired to share his story. S-Y-N-G-F-O on any social platform. Check him out. He's, I, You know what's crazy? We got call ID and this says this is sing so calling is this you? No it's not. My name is Q from the Lou. I wish it was me and I'd be calling you to tell y'all to do something for me. My wife On I'm, I'm alright. My wife, he just, he just joking. I was lying Out there. That's all but You brother for checking in. Thank you for giving that brother his flowers, man. Nah, I'm gonna check out his music though. That's what's Up. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Hey, how you doing? This is Andre. Andre. What up? Get it off your chest. Yes sir. Man, I'm gonna tell you the problem with Donald Trump now, he's just a thug man.


He's a thug. Don't, don't nobody wanna call it, don't nobody wanna say what it is, but Donald Trump is a thug. What? Why? Why do you say that? He don't care about nothing man, you, you, you hear how he talking to people. He going against what he said he was going to do. He just lying and he, he he he doing whatever he wanna do in that office, man. Sound like, I'm sorry y'all, I'm at work right now, but Donald Trump, he, he, he a thug man. You sound like a politician to me. Made a whole Emini here. Made a whole bunch of promises and reigned on him having Exactly. And that's what I'm saying, man, he just a liar and, and and, and excuse my language, but the white folks don't wanna call him. He a thug. He a white thug. I like that. I like that language you're using this morning. Okay. You gotta be honest man. I gotta be because if it was us, they say it about us.


I'm just being honest. It was funny yesterday, not funny, but he told a OC, he said go ahead, make my day. He said He come on, He got on his cloud. He said Go ahead, make my day impeach me. Go ahead. Make my day Lord. Thank you bro. He watches too much movies. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You got the latest with Lauren coming up LL Cool Bay. Yes. Good morning y'all. Hey, in less than 30 minutes yesterday, Diddy decided or stood on the fact that he wasn't gonna testify and his team sat back and said, we are done. The government did not prove their case. We good. That's what they did. Wow. They Said that. They didn't say that. Oh. But they gave it that we're gonna get into it like the impression that they gave yesterday, because they only took about that time to get through what they presented as their defense.


Oh. So this might be over this week. Damn Y'all. It's, I I am so, I'm confused. Like I feel like I missed something. So You might be able to give them that party Envy. I am not giving Diddy no party. Fourth, you talking of July party. I said he might be out by 4th of July though. Oh, why? Definitely might be out did Ain't gonna Emini here. Envy gonna be a party favor. That's what envy gonna be. Y's favor. I am not giving party. Oh my God. A party favor. I am not white chocolate. I'm in Vegas for 4th of July. DJing. I am not DJing the Diddy party. Diddy love Vegas. Yo, my God, there's so many words. Mentions of Vegas in this trial. Oh My god, what has, Oh wow. What? What happens in Vegas Goes on Diddy's nipples.


Latest when Lauren is next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets Into details. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. The Latest.


There's something special about folks who come through without being asked. Like your coworker surprising you with your favorite coffee just because or your friend handing you the A chord at the moment you get in the car. No debate, no fight, just positive vibes that kind of love. It just hits different. And that's exactly the energy at and t is on with their new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, at and t will proactively credit you for a full day of service. No calls, no emails, no jumping through hoops. It's just handled. It's like the universe saying, I got you, except this time it's not the stars aligning. It's your network. And let's be real. That connection is everything. Whether you're holding down the group chat, checking in on your parents, scrolling, TikTok, your network's gotta come through. And if there's a problem, at and t is on the case. No stress, no drama, just real backup when it counts. Credit for fiber, downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime lasting 60 minutes or more, or caused by a single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions apply. See att.com/guarantee for full details. At and t connecting changes everything.


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the B premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com when Lauren La sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well it's the latest in The Breakfast Club. Talk to me LL Cool Bay. Yes. So yesterday in court you guys, Diddy on his own spoke up to the judge and told the judge that he is not going to be testifying on his own behalf in court. So yesterday as a, we talked about before court yesterday, both sides were able to arrest the prosecution and the defense. Now the big thing here with Diddy saying, I'm not gonna testify, number one, it's the first. That's the longest amount of time that we've heard him talk in court this whole time. When he stood up, the judge is asking him a series of questions just to make sure he understands what he's about to do, whether he says yes or no to testifying, and did he saying yes to him that he does understand that he's talked to his attorneys, but that he's made his decision on his own and he will not be testifying.


He also then took time to tell the judge that the judge was doing an excellent job and he thanked the judge for doing an excellent job. Now, people were on, like when I say yesterday, court wasn't the most exciting because all they were doing were going, was going through evidence. People started to leave and everything prior to that. But when Diddy stood up, literally people were on the edge of their seats because prior to him standing up, the judge had asked his attorney if they had spoken and they decided what they were gonna do and he asked him twice. And the attorney's second answer of like, let me double check with my client to make sure I know what's going on. Made us all think like, wait, is something about to happen here? Is he gonna say he's gonna testify? So people were waiting to see what did he said? And he answered the question. But one of the biggest things that came outta court yesterday was the fact that his team asked for an acquittal.


They are basically not even, basically they are saying that the government did not do what they needed to do to prove everything that is being alleged of Diddy. So they're asking a court to dismiss Diddy's case. But isn't that up to the jury? Well, so first they're asked, they talk to a judge first because what they're saying is, is like, okay, either we want you to dismiss this because they haven't proven, or we want you to at least remove some of the charges. Like let's have a conversation about what the charges should be before we even present to the jury what charges they're gonna be considering when they start deliberating. So they present this to the judge and Diddy, one of Diddy's attorneys, she took, they took more time breaking down this acquittal request than they did presenting their defense.


She went through various charges. I can't do 'em all here. We literally don't have the time. But what they leaned into is room rule 29, which is when you're asking for the acquittal. And what they're saying is that even when it comes down to things as simple as the rico, the government hasn't shown that Diddy agreeing, got together with these, this group of people that they keep pointing out and they, everyone decided, okay, we're gonna do these crimes together. They're saying that there's various elements of like the RICO and the different counts that they're throwing at Diddy that the government has completely missed when it come comes to evidence. Now they're also saying here that you know, there are certain parts of a RICO where it requires for everyone involved or that you're alleging are like key players to be in some point of contact.


And there were times where like they, they talked about like KK not even knowing that certain things wa was hap were happening or you know, some of the crimes were happening or they were showing text messages where they would say, okay, this specific incident, KK was purposely left out of the conversation. She didn't know anything until the damage had already been done. So she was doing damage control but she wasn't a part of a conspiracy to commit this crime. Well they Said they were doing that so the jurors could hear it. So the jurors, so they could break down everything that they feel that the government didn't prove. So when the jurors are thinking, they're also thinking about this acquittal that they tried to do that, Hey, you didn't prove this and you didn't prove that and you, you didn't prove this. And a lot of times they put all these trumped up charges so that somebody cannot get a bond. So you can't get a bond, right. If you have 12 charges, it's harder to get a bond than if you have one.


So that's, that's where a lot of those, those extra charges came from as well. Well you're saying that they said all this in front of the jurors? Yeah. Did They That's what I'm asking. No, no, no, no. The jurors were on a break. So that's what I was saying. They talk to the judge first because what's gonna happen today is the jurors are off, they'll have a, a charging conference. So that's basically where they get together and they talk about like how they're gonna give jurors instruction, but they need to have a conversation about what he's actually going to be still charged with so that when they talk to the jurors, the jurors know what they're doing. Like they know what they're considering. So what Did it feel like in court yesterday, Lauren? What did it feel like? It felt like Diddy's team was saying, y'all got us effed up and y'all did our job for us and we ain't gotta do nothing else. Y'all brought this man here, y'all wasted his time, his family's time, his energy.


Now we about to let him walk outta this courtroom. Thank you for doing our job. Goodnight. Well, The reality is that's the confidence his lawyer is supposed to have, Man. But I was, I I'm not gonna lie to you guys, I I've never thought that he was gonna walk clean away from this, but I didn't think that they would come with that confidence at the end of this. I did Not. Oh no, they, they would have to, I'd be mad as hell if I'm paying on paying them all this money and they ain't have no confidence Emini here. But even presenting the, like when they stood up to present their defense, they entered in, you know, some transcripts from witness testimony from like Dawn, from Jane, from Mia, all these different people of like the times that they basically were caught up on the stand and inconsistent and they showed text message from Cassie saying she's so in love with Diddy. Like that was it, like I thought that there was at least gonna be more on that side of like, let us put this narrative in the jury's mind 'cause that's in front of the jury.


They ain't really do much on that side either. Well, none of us really know what's gonna happen. But no outcome would surprise me except one. And that's, that's guilty on all counts. Guilty on all counts would be a Surprise. Yeah, I can't see that either. Yeah, I don't think that that would, That would be a surprise. But you know, I I, you know, we keep talking about the Rico, I thought racketeering you only have to prove at least two predicates. I'm not an attorney. But the way that this woman broke it down yesterday, her main point about all of the, the charges that they're throwing at him is that there are multiple different elements that you have to satisfy. And that if one is not satisfied out of the many, there's a, there's room for them to come in and say, you didn't do your job here. He shouldn't have to be looking at this charge, But he got three charges. Right? So is it transportation to engage in prostitution?


Yes. I I think they proved that sex trafficking for forced fraud or coercion. I'm not sure about that one. Racketeering, like I said, you know, you only gotta prove two predicate the bribery and the kidnapping that that look pretty strong. But I just don't know if there will be a unanimous jury verdict on any of these things because the general consensus from people is that Diddy is just a five star freak Basically. And what's, what's the schedule now? When is the ending, the closing remarks and when did, when did the jurors start deliberating? Do we know? Yeah, So today, Wednesday is gonna be that charging conversation. So we'll know exactly what the charges will be for the jury. Thursday is when the closing remarks will happen. So that'll be between the defense and the prosecution.


That might go until Friday. They set Thursday and Friday nine to 5:00 PM for that to happen. And then after that, the jury deliberation starts. So if that closes early, the closing remarks, the jury can start deliberating by Friday. But more than likely the jury will begin deliberating Monday. Well, Don't come back with a verdict until after the 4th of July. Let us enjoy our vacation and stuff next week. And then when everybody get back to work, come back with the razzle battle. I want before. It's gonna be before that. It's gonna be before that. Didn't the, didn't the judge say he wanted the decision before 4th of July? And Diddy will probably be having a 4th of July party if, if if it, well you want Party, so damn You wanna be booked, keep Talking about this. You wanna be a party failure at the Diddy party so bad. The judge has to give the jury the time that they need.


So even though he's been saying it would be nice for all of us to get outta here before the holiday, if they need more time, that's just what will have to happen. But what people think is going to happen, what we are speculating is that by like Wednesday, Thursday there will be a verdict. But again, it really all depends and ba it'll also be based on too, like what comes out of this whole rule. Asking for the acquittal too. Like what the charges are and how they're thinking about the charges. Well no, none of us know. Like I said, nope, not at all. Everybody not at just gotta sit back and see what the, the outcome is going to be. We have no idea what's gonna happen in this situation. Only thing we know is that, you know, Diddy likes to take other men semen and rub it on his nipples that Are you talking about that that's the only thing you got. That's what you got outta everything. We know a Little bit more than that.


That is true. That is also true. Oh Lord. Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren. Thank you Lauren. You gonna court today? Yeah, I'm gonna go to the conferencing, but that's not it. It starts later today in afternoon. You are you Giving court clerk vibes today? You see me? I was so hot yesterday. I'm like, yo. Yes. I gotta get some summer court clothes. Yes, Lord Girl. All right. When we come back, we got front page news, Mimi's filling in for Morgan and then Nelly and Ashanti will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club.


Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage llc. Licensing 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30


Morning everybody. It's DEJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news and some quick sports. The 2025 NBA draft will be held tonight at 8:00 PM on ESPN. Second round will be tomorrow at 8:00 PM And for some quick trade news, Pingus, you know, he used to be with the Knicks, then he was traded to the Celtics. He is now on the Hawks. All right, what's up Mimi? What's up y'all? So good morning. A political upset in the race for New York City Mayor Deron Ani has won the Democratic primary defeating former governor Andrew Cuomo. Okay. Now Mandani ran on a bold, progressive platform calling for a rent freeze free public buses, affordable childcare, and higher taxes on the wealthy Cuomo, on the other hand, he was backed by a $24 million Super PAC funded by billionaires Trump donors and former mayor Michael Bloomberg.


Voters clearly embraced the grassroots message. Cuomo conceded less than two hours after the polls closed. Let's listen to part of man's victory speech from last night In the words of Nelson Mandela. It always seems impossible until it is done, my friends. We have done it. I will be your Democratic nominee for the Mayor of New York City. Wow, okay. Yeah, it's a big deal. Yeah, no, it's a really big deal. The official results won't be confirmed until July 1st. That's when New York City releases its ranked choice. Vote tally. But many see his win. He went from zero in the polls last October to a primary win as a wake up call, you know, for political establishments on both sides.


So if he wins, he's 33 years old, he will become the first Democratic socialist in New York City history. He'll be the first Muslim and Asian American mayor. Wow. Right. And the crazy thing is, is like he said, he did it from boots on the ground. He really went out and knocked on people's doors and actually spoke to people. So the fact that he won without having as much money as Cuomo and some of these other people is, is, is Crazy. Yeah. It's gonna be interesting to see if he can win in the general, because, you know, he's going against Mayor Adams, who's running as an independent is rumors that Cuomo may run as an independent and you know, Cuomo, like you said, Mimi, he had the, what, the largest super pac ever created for a New York City mayor race. $25 million. I think that was the most money ever spent in the mayor race.


A primary. So I, I expect that to increase significantly for the general you Could lose and then say, you know what? I'm not de Democrat anymore. I'm independent and run again. That's Yeah. From what I was saying seen Last night, you can answer as an independent. Yeah. After you lose and artist democratic. That's wild. So, and he rap you right. Go Ron. Don't, don't he rap. We don't want him to do that. Nah, we Don't have, I don he does rap. He does rap, but nah, I love that. Okay. I'm not mad at that. All right. It's gonna be a lot though. He's gonna be up. He he's gonna have a very, very tough task ahead of, ahead of him for the general, but, you know, Emini here, you know, like he just said No, everybody believes you can't do it until it gets done. So. Exactly, exactly. So all right y'all, so there are new numbers out this morning that show I just, that show just how much ice is, how many people they're actually holding.


So 59,000 people are in immigration detention, siters across the country at an average cost of $165 per day. I is spending about $10 million every day just to house people in custody. Dang, that's a Yeah, that's far above what congress they currently fund, which is about 41,000 people. So this data is also revealing who is being detained. So nearly 47 people, 47% of people being detained have no criminal record and fewer than 30% have been convicted of a crime. Now, critics are saying that this reflects a broader crackdown about how longtime residents and workers are now being targeted and to handle the overflow.


Ice is looking to convert military bases in Texas. One is called Fort Bliss into a temporary holding center. And in Florida, officials have Provo have proposed several new sites, including one in the Everglades that is nicknamed Alligator Alcatraz. So the White House is expected to go before Congress and ask for billions of money in additional funding to detain to be able to house all the tens of thousands of people that they are, are continuing to detain. So this is what pisses off everyday Americans. You got 10, you said $10 million a day. Yeah, You got nearly $10 million a day. You got $10 million a day to detain people.


That's over 3 billion a year. How you got money for that? But you don't got money to, to feed the poor, you don't got money to house the homeless. You know, you, you, you don't got money to give people affordable healthcare. Like what? That, that, that's what pisses people off. Yep. And the proposed cuts to Medicaid and social security and all of those things that you can come up, you know, man, 10 million. Yeah. For this. So, and lastly, this is a warning to those who use those buy now pay later apps to split up your payments. There's some changes coming that could affect your credit score. So FICO, the company behind the credit scores used by most US lenders, they say they will now start including buy now, pay later loans in its scoring models.


So up until now, these installment style loans haven't shown up on your credit reports leaving lenders in the dark about how much debt people are really in. So now apparently Americans are spending $116 billion through pay later services. They spent that just last year alone. And so FCO is saying now it's time for some checks and balances. So starting this fall, your history with services like Affirm, Afterpay, Klarna, it could either help you or hurt you depending on how you manage those payments. So FCO is, is, is giving everybody the warning now, but they're saying too, the biggest users of those buy now pay later services are lower income households, which earn less than 50,000 a year because many people are now using those options, not for just big purchases anymore, but because of the economy, they're using them for everyday essentials, like to buy groceries and to pay their utilities.


So that's where we are. That's sad. So, so that's your front page news. I'm Mimi Brown, follow me on social at Mimi Brown tv. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio app and visit bi news.com. Thank You Mimi. How the documentary doing? It's Doing really well. Oh my goodness. It's doing so well. I can't wait to to show, tell you some more we're, it's really impacting the, the community and you know, it, it, we're, we're able to, to tell a lot of stories. So thank you for asking. If they don't know, tell 'em how, where they can watch a documentary. The documentary You can go to two altino with love.com.


Alright, well thank you Mimi. Thank you so much. I'll see y'all later. Thanks for having Alrighty. When we come back, Nelly and Ashanti will be joining us. They have a new show on Peacock, we belong together and we're gonna talk to them next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I thought that that would be a a, a dope situation 'cause we have so many other great things that we have going on and you understand. You, you, you know, you guys, you very business, business-minded. So you get the, the platform usage. Got you. You know what Emini here, and again, we got this beautiful growing family that I, that I thought people who have been supporting us, not just career wise, but kind of been invested in our relationships since the beginning, you know, they get a chance to take a little bit of a ride and just see, we just regular too, man.


You know what Emini here, it ain't, it ain't complicated like that other than same everybody else going through. That's What's so interesting about y'all. Like both of y'all provided the soundtrack for like the the two thousands, right? But what does it feel like now to be in a re be relationship goals for the same fans who grew Up on you and your music Emini here? Hopefully it's inspirational. You know what Emini here that just says when you love somebody and things are meant to be, it will be, you know, I definitely feel like you put that positive energy out there, it comes back and what's meant for you will be for you regardless, regardless of the time. You know what Emini here and we just try to stay positive and laugh and You know, yo Emini here, you know, again, like she said, just having people in your life that bring more good than bad period on any level, man, like I said, I don't care if they your cousin, auntie, uncle, mom, dad, kid, do they bring more good to your life than bad?


And if not, you need to remove yourself immediately. You know what I'm saying? Or have a situation where you can create the barrier. Like you said, we not perfect, we just everything else and we just try to be everything else. Now how is Emini here? Is it for you Ashanti? 'cause you are, nobody knows anything about your life. You come Out and performing And you go back home. She go her vacations too And then she go home. So how was it for you opening up and, and showing that that Side of you Emini here? It's very different for me. You know, in the beginning I was just like, huh, you know, but once you become married and the team, I was just like, okay, I am on board and just, you know, having the cameras around, it's, it's crazy because we have so much going on outside, like with our careers, it was like fitting the cameras into, on top of becoming newlyweds and, and you know, new parents and career stuff.


And then now it's the cameras. So it's kind of like we gotta fit them almost into our schedule, you know? So it's, it's, it was a little time consuming, you know? But I think just getting the opportunity to show just authenticity, like we are real, you know, our, our is organic, so getting a chance to show that I think is a dope Thing. Now your mom just pulled me to the side, right? Uhoh and she was just like, she like, I got something for you. So I thought she was gonna tell me some advice about Raising kids and dances. She goes, boots on the ground. I'm like, huh? She was like, I I'm, I'll teach you how to do it. Thank you. She was like, I I actually show you. I'm like, I look that bad, mama. Yes. She's like, I I teach a class where I can actually show you how to do it.


Listen, Father's Day weekend, my mom and my other mom, Ms. M Mama Mack was out there doing boots on the ground in the house. I said Ohga with the fans and everything. I said, oh, they had it cracked. Yeah, I just walked out. She got you Now. How, how is mama Jeff with the mama manager with the baby now? 'cause she's Very protective. Listen, She see, she walks right past me when she comes to the house. It is Tema. It's all about kk. You know what I'm saying? She's like, where's the baby? Well, hi Maja, she's amazing. She's so love baby. You get that with everybody around us though. Everybody shoot past us. I'm telling you bro, I'm a doormat. No, I'm Emini here.


It's all good. You know how it goes. You know, you, you love it, but it's just like, okay, yeah, I'm here. How did mama feel when you decided to spend the block? Ashanti, I ain't gonna hold you in the beginning. Lemme talk to him first. Not gonna hold you in the beginning. Mama's like, What? You know, she was, she was definitely not, you know, supportive of it. She was not. She's like, I don't know, goes, you know, she talking under her breath. Moms do a lot of cursing. I ain't gonna lie, but I love them now. But I love them now. Love Them now. It it, it came from a hurt place. 'cause obviously with me having a child now, you never wanna see your child hurt.


So going through that, you know, my mom's my best friend, so going through that time I was hurt. Obviously she was hurt. So we, you know, you carry that hurt a little bit. Well, let's be clear, I was hurt. Everybody was hurt. I think this narrative of that Nelly just broke Ashanti's heart. Ashanti broke Nelly's heart. Oh, let's be, let's be clear, let's be, because I feel like that's be put that be put out there a lot. Like, like let's be clear. Thought you broke a shot or something was just out here. Anything bro. I didn't think who, I know you walked a thin lie. My lie like, no, but Emini here, you know, we were young, but it was a lot.


It just wasn't one way or or another. It was, it was, it was a mutual, yo I don't like her. I don't like him. You know what I'm saying? She had her reasons. I had my reasons, but it was never one sided. Like everybody, you know, putting this thing out there. Let's just be clear. How did you win Mama Over let her know you were serious? Listen, first of all, me and mama j have always had a great relationship from the very beginning. And I think with the way her heart and the way the mom is in front of the momager works, she's always protecting hers word. And that's what I love about her.


That's the, the, the love that I look forward to having on my side now, you know what I'm saying? To have somebody that steps out regardless. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And our families are totally different. I didn't, I didn't have that, you know what I'm saying? I, my parents went through what they went through. My mom had me at a, at a, at a young age. I didn't live with neither one of my parents at a certain time. I lived in family friends and they've always had this family nucleus, you know what I'm saying? So my family, we love each other, but we see each other when we see each other. Yeah. They are very, very well connected. And I looked forward to having that connection and being able to implement that and, and my life and it, it is spilled over into our lives.


So it worked. All right. We Got more with Nelly and Ashanti when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long A Rosa is here as well. We're still kicking it with Nelly. And Ashanti, you are missing at the BET awards, Right? Mm. When they did that whole 1 0 6 and park, we were talking about it behind the scenes. It was like, that was where was another one artist that should have been there. Was there a reason you weren't there? I was overseas. I was on tour. I, we literally just got back maybe what, last week? Last week or a week and a half. I was overseas. We had finished that leg of the tour and yeah. It's crazy man. You know, we wanted to be, and I'm always thankful of everybody, Steven, everybody over there, BET, Bob Johnson, Jesse, like we were the f we were the first number one video when the day 1 0 6 and Park aired Country grandma was the number one video the day that it aired.


So that's growth, man. That's home. I'm, I'm so thankful for everything that BET invested in, not just Nelly, but in my city because that helped open the gates for, you know, a part of the country that get overlooked. I feel get overlooked a lot. Yeah, Absolutely. I think about all the time how Nelly snuck a gangster rap record into the Pop Chop. That's right. Country drama is a gangster rap record. Okay. It is about doing the drive by. Yes, Bro. I never heard that. I I never heard the radio edit until it was like literally on the radio And I, I, I damn near cried. I was like, they trying to ruin me. I never heard Boom, boom. Uhuh. I never heard that. I never heard it, bro. And I was hot. She tell you, zero to a thousand.


I was hot. I was calling up everybody y ah, this is ah, and it worked. Emini here. I'm, I'm thankful Emini here. Universal knew what the hell they were doing. Right. You know what, Emini here, but I've never heard it, man. I just was like, they trying to kill me. Congratulations on baby boy first of all. Right, but how was that? Because you worked your whole pregnancy from what we've seen and then was right back at, at it in the gym, breastfeeding. You were, you were or pumping Anime. Get up. I got these tools. I got all this Was like they brought her On. They said Listen, she only got bus so much shots. She got Bitch, she was hiding the baby for the longest. Anybody ask?


She ignoring, I'm talking about dance Smooth. You got choreography going on on stage. You like you're not lips singing, you're really singing. The mic is on all of that. Did you ever have a moment where you were just able to just, you know, Oh I didn't wanna reach, I didn't want Nelly to think I was. And by the way, And I got the Ring now Chance, and by the way, you the only one that ever saw him. Me. He said nah, that's the one person that that's been in The Breakfast Club that I knew that he was gonna, they like, yo who Is anybody ever there had you little shit? I said nah. I said only. I said, only Nelly.


They, I like, Nah, I'm telling you. I'm like, nah, I'm saying, I'm saying Nelly. Nelly said something so calm, Surely said I keep retain is for people like you. I swear to God no that's my brother. He had, he had me hot. I did not understand that. He gets that opinion correct. You see what I'm saying? And you know, blunt ashtray for the album, I was hot. Okay, I got, I said yeah, I know what it is. I know what it is. It ain't never Arah Rah person. Ain't the rah rah person that come in here with 50 people is the calm, athletic looking person.


You know what I'm saying? No, she'll tell me babe, just get in the car please. I love her. Just get in the car please and you listen please. I'll be back. I'll be, is it, but what I was saying, yes, I'm sorry. When did you have a time, you know, a chance to just release and relax just as Ashanti at home? Honestly, after the baby was born, I said I was taking off. I didn't wanna bring him anywhere in the public. The only reason that we traveled was for his birthday. So the baby was born in July and the first time we moved was in November. You know, if we didn't have birthdays, yeah I would've kept him in the house even longer, you know?


And then I was like, okay, obviously stuff was coming in. I did one show Motown and the Christmas thing And I was it. And I was like, I ain't doing nothing else, you know? So I cleared the calendar to the top of the year. So I tried to keep it very light. 'cause you know I wanted to be with my baby. That's right. You know what Emini here, I'm breastfeeding, I'm pumping, I'm all kind of stuff at BET, I had to pump in between red carpet, send the milk with the driver, you know, Bring the Pumps back. I ain't wanna say it, but that's what they told me. They was like, listen, she gotta pump. So like extra questions but get in. And I was like, okay. Back. Got you. She got the boob juice on. Yeah, just pumping between breaks all time. See, you didn't say it. You already know It. Which One do you use? You use the Coca? Yeah, me too.


Because I saw you working out with that in the gym. Like you can put it right exactly right here. Like enough. No, she got, she got these ones. I don't know what to do man. But I saw it functioning. I saw working. You saw it shut up. I was like, what is that? It's my nipple. It said, is that your nipple? You've never seen no machine. It goes like that. I'd happen, I haven't seen that happen like that before. Your wife was overseas in London, the machine broke.


And you know when your wife is complaining about, you know her breasts hurting, you gotta do what you gotta do. So now you gotta become the pump. So I was remember told you about that. Did Chris have to do that to you? Because we got money to buy another one. I know that happened to me too the next Day And I tour, I had to order another one from Amazon came next day.


What's the craziest thing though? What's the crazy Breaking? The pumpkin Broke his pops wanted his jug back. Oh man. What we say? Lord? She messed up. Yeah, she come think about it. Yeah I am. She like, damn, do I wanna Get pregnant though? I gotta get it out the way. Get you a couple, a couple of, gotta find a man first. That's the first process you gotta find somebody for. We're moving on. Okay, sorry, ahead. What's the craziest like mom, first time mom experience that you've had? 'cause that is crazy. I can't even imagine that. But what's the crazy first time mom experience for you?


Oh, His first blowout. I changed him. His first blowout. Oh my god. Eating what was worse than the blowout was the pee. I ain't gonna hold you, But see I warned about the pee. He did warn me about the pee And I had the T pee pee pee. You know the things you put over their pee pee? It's like a tepee. So I had it. I ain't use it. It's a little te pee. It's like, it looks like a T pee and you put it on top of his pee pee so he don't pee. So he don't pee on, pee on you right. You don't pee on me. I got peed on a few times. I'm sitting there, I'm changing him. Hi Baby. After all this warm, I was like, what is that? Right? He got me in my mouth on the side of my face all here. And I'm just like, oh my god. You all smiles all teeth.


Fold him happy. Happy. No, because I told her it was going to happen because I was like, yo, I'm about to be 50. Mm. Like I got so many diaper changes left. You know what Emini, what? Emini here. Like I done already been peed on by my, my oldest son. Like back in the day. I already knew what that was. I said yo, he going to get you. Oh no, it's gonna be great. I said, nah, he going to get you. I said, I already know what it is. And shot his, her purse first. Oh yeah, In the purse. His first doctor's appointment In the Chanel right in there. That boy, I couldn't believe it. My mom's back was open on the chair. The Chanel back, the pee went right in her place. I couldn't believe it.


Yes. Yeah. All right. We Got more with Nelly and Ashanti when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning. Everybody's CJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long A Rosa is here as well. We're still kicking it with Nelly and Ashanti Charlamagne. What's the pettiest argument y'all had since y'all got back together and who won it? I don't know. You know, they don't seem petty at the time. It usually be about the temperature. Oh yeah. She likes, I like it like this. I like it nice and hot. You like it cold? Yeah. He likes to see your breath in the room. No, that's, that's how cold. But she like you sweating. She will have it 80 degrees and be up underneath the covers.


But luckily I got a partner in this war. My son, he likes it cold. Like his dad So mad. He kicks the covers off. I put the covers on when he Kicks the covers off. I'm like, whatcha you Doing? I tried to tell you, I say his ball s ticking to his leg. No man. Right. Mind can sleep like that. Sleep like that. That's, you Know, calling that is, you know what I'm saying? You sleeping. I say look at him, kick it off. I figured the biggest argument would be lateness. Is Ashanti always late? No, let's Talk my wife. I got you. What? I've been on time babe. I ain't been on time. On these video on interview.


You can count how many times you been on time. Damn that that goes, yeah that goes I was on time. But no, she tries it, it, it, it is never anything intentional. Emini here. I'm not always on time, but I'm way, How is everything coming back to y'all music? How and like flip the paper over what songs we need now. Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah. But it Is so interesting watching y'all. 'cause he said if you love something, let it go if it comes back to you as yours.


So obviously y'all never stopped loving each other. That's Right. Yeah. I don't think you could spend that much time with and invest that much of yourself into anything. And especially someone and not still have love because it, again, we have invested so much of each other into each other that you still wanna see each other win at the end of the day. Even if it's not all the way with you. Like I still wanted her to, she deserves to be happy. It's just may not have been with me. You know what Emini here like, but 'cause I don't, I don't hold that Ill Wills like that man. I'm a positive person. I just, again, when you hold that shit in, it feel like it affects you more.


Yeah. You know what? Emini here. So, and you go around and with that anger, that's just not good as a man though. How did you know if I get this opportunity again, I'm gonna lock that down. I didn't Charlemagne, I swear to God I wasn't looking for it. Wow. You just seen her and was like, lemme go. How we knew the verses Right. So I knew she was going to be there and we tell her story all the time. When I went to verses though And I had somebody else with me And I was in a relationship, Jesus. You see what I'm saying? I had somebody else with me when we got there. So it wasn't like that. And I saw Mama your first when I came down the steps, you know what I'm saying? You know you, because she was on the phone doing the mom. She looked Cornell, Hey Maha, what's up?


We can get on. Nah. But I again, you just, we were there to celebrate two people who we got fine respect for and was celebrating their music and we was there to support them. I never wanted it to be, you know, anger or confliction or nothing like that. So yeah, the walk across stage was hilarious. Hmm. What was that conversation in the car? Because you said you was with somebody, what was that conversation like? Yeah. Or did she Uber before? Like, I'm out and you were never it it, no. She had no conversation. Wasn't that what you gonna say? Right, right. Be questioning nobody questioning. What was that question? I wasn't in a relationship with nobody that that was with me.


You know what I'm saying? It was, she pulled Ashanti, he was hanging out. That's, it's more so for Ashanti. How was that a conversation for you? Ashanti? 'cause The World went crazy but she didn't indulge though. But Ashanti was flirty. But there's still, hold on. Did you see how you did that? We got the proof And I pulling up hustle. You see the, that just a Positive like, you know, Any other on the back? Why you got that ring? No. Now how was that called? That that was, I be like, yo, did you just rub his back? Did I could see that on the tv. God damn right he did. You saw that?


I got a better question. So what was the rekindling moment like? What was it? A, a hey big head. You was looking good at the verses or you know what, what was that like? It was crazy. 'cause the crazy thing is we had no conversation at the hug. After the hug. Like some time went by. We had some shows together, you know, And I think we kind of did body on me a few times, but we still didn't even speak. We didn't even have each other's number. You know what Emini here, I don't, I have it, but I don't even, the, the first text that came in was the high emoji And I was like, is this Three You testing the water? You know what three, four is when you your heart dropped? I was like, oh my god, who gave it my number? You know what I'm saying?


But The Rekindle news, our first date was Valentine's Day Vegas. And I don't even think we planned it to be Valentine's Day. You know, it was just like, yo come out. It was in Vegas. Yeah, but I ain't got the drawers before that Emini here. Her last name Hayes. Her last name Hayes. That's right. I bought the cow to milk. I said I do. So I can't guys, I do wanna have Ashanti. One last question. You, you, you've written some fantastic iconic heartbreak songs.


Yes ma'am. So how does it feel now to be in like a healed public Love story? And it is a true love story. It Is a true love story honestly. It, it, it feels amazing. It feels like God sent, like when something I keep saying, when something is for you, it will be for you. No matter the time, no matter what you go through, no matter the obstacles or the people that come in between when it's for you, it will be so, I'm just so grateful. I'm super blessed And I feel like I'm manifested a lot too, you know, so I'm just, I'm, I'm so happy. I'm content all the way. What would you say to people, right? Because y'all the reason that people, other people trying to spin a block and it's not really working for everybody else. So What would y'all say to that?


Quick? Well listen. But, but, but they gotta stop looking at it like that. Because the thing about it is that if you're putting so much emphasis on other people On on, yeah. On what other people are, are feeling about your thing, you have to understand that does the good outweigh the bad? Yeah. Did that person bring more good to your life than bad? Because what seemed like deal breakers then it ain't deal breakers. Now you like, you know what, that wasn't that bad. Yeah, I can, I can deal with that. What I can't deal with is this and what I thought was a deal breaker ain't even a deal breaker. You know what Emini here And I, you know, you spin the block but you don't have to stop. You know what I'm saying?


You might slow roll. See if it's, see if it's worth pulling into the parking spot or the, or the garage. But Emini here, that's the best thing I think I that I got is that, And I don't wanna just narrow it down, but I got a chance to test drive the car to know, yo, this is the car. You see what I'm saying? Like no, this is the vehicle, I'm tripping. This got everything I want on it. You know what I'm saying? They got them big rims on that, you know, I shot that club together.


Yeah, I was gonna say, speaking of shooting the club, but y'all are so positive. How do y'all deal with people? Keep, everybody thinks y'all are having another baby right now and there's so many other things out there Y'all deal with that. Did think, wait this is a better one. What did you think? What went through your head when you heard Keisha Cola up here? Say that Ashanti's pregnant again. Congratulations. What was going through your head? Yes. You're so stupid. Who was going through? I Don Dunno. I guess maybe she thought she heard it. I said by who? I was overseas dummy. No, I just, I don't know. I don't know where she got it from.


I think she said she might've heard it somewhere or whatever. But Yeah. Okay. Alright, cool. Because it's like once you have a baby, they all they want you to do is keep popping 'em out or whatever. Keep Popping 'em Out. Right. But y'all at y'all own face. I'm happy to see y'all. That's what I had to ask y'all. Thank you. As long as we get as many nannies as we want, we could, We can pop 'em Chasing Tyler's at 50 ain't it? Other side tell you. That's Right. Well Natalie and Ashanti we belong together is on Peacock this Thursday. It's Thursday. And thank y'all for joining us. Appreciate Y'all. Thank you. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess, Larry, it's Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club again. Ute, Nelly and Ashanti for joining us. You can check out the full in full interview on our YouTube page and Watch that reality show.


We belong together. It's available on Peacock starting tomorrow. Man. I love, love man. Seeing Nel and Ashanti together is is is incredible. You too. Yeah, They were the, they were happy The whole interview. The Whole interview. Yeah. And I, I just thought it was nice. Love is love man. Absolute. Well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming the street fans Man. She gets Them from somebody that knows somebody well, she gets into Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She'd be having the latest on. Good Lord The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, It's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. So before we get into our next story, I do wanna say it is 7:54 AM Eastern Standard Time here in New York.


And there are reports circulating that charges have been dropped against Sean Diddy Combs. That is a hundred percent false at this time. No charges have been dropped. I just wanna clear that up because those, those reports are starting to circulate And I literally just made a phone call to confirm that it is not correct and it is not. Who The hell did you call? I know that's Right, but where did they circulate? I ain't heard that. I'm Hearing it. Someone just tagged me in a document That is not a real document. They're, they're there, it's there to the point where they're even commenting on our Diddy report that we just posted asking why we're not commenting on the charges that were dropped. Laura, The Latest. Someone shot me a text as well too. Okay, so let's move on now.


So Brandy and Monica are going on? Yes. Their first ever co headlining tour. Wow. It is happening. We need a bomb, a clap or something for that. Yes. Yes. Is Ray J opening up for them though? I'm Ray Drop a clue bomb from Ray J. 'cause he spoke this into existence. That's right. Even though, you know, he didn't do it the right way and people got mad at him. This is really what he, he said was going happen. Yes. So Ray j. Ray j was actually here on The Breakfast Club when he spoke about Brandy and Monica going on this co headlining tour. And we, we have that audio. Are you really pushing for Brandy and Monica to go on tour together? That's all I want. Emini here. Like what, what, what made you wake up one day and say, I want, this is what I need. Well, I've been saying it since the, since they did the the rehearses.


Yeah. Like I got the jet for B, we got, we flew out there. It was this vibe. They were going back and forth. It wasn't like a competition, but it was. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It was like a mosh pit for in a ballot. It was amazing. It was a ballot plan and you look to the side and we giving her all our support And I just think Brandy and Monica's an undeniable tour. Right. It's like you, you both win last run no matter what you feel or whatever. Like how can you not take that opportunity? Yeah, I love that. Why? If you know it's there, why do anything else first? Yeah. Rodney Jerkers told us that last week too though. You told us that they was going on tour. Yes. So the tour's gonna be a 24 city arena tour kicking off in Cincinnati on October 16th. Now a lot of people, because you know it's been since the nineties that people have wanted to see this, but they, they've had their, you know, their ups and downs or so people's thoughts.


Right. But they came out and actually talked about it in more detail on CBS this morning. Let's take a listen to Brandy Monaco on their feud. What's their feud? Was there a feud back in the day that was either media created or started as nothing and then turned into something? It started Nothing though. It started, it Started as nothing into something. It really did turn into something. Yeah. Because also the reason that I was so insistent that we communicate directly Yeah. Is that you take all of the peanut gallery out of the conversation. Like the people's opinion. Yes. Yes. Because that makes it more difficult. Yeah. So if there's something to discuss, we discuss it amongst each other and then we say what happens together. And that just eliminates any confusion.


There was a lot of confusion and conflict and there was a lot of people around. Yeah. So most often the song didn't help either. We were fighting over a boy, boy and we don't even like the same type of boy. We Don't. Yeah. There was a lot there. There could never have been a boy. Like we, there was a lot of what had happened was Right. Yes. Here in 2025. It is all good between the two of us yesterday For sure. And he was young man, you know, young may walk Back then 17 and 18, they talked about that too. They were 17 and 18 years old. You didn't answer my question. Is Ray J opening up for this tour? Ray J is not listed on the, on this tour at all. That's let, Let's not ask him. 'cause he will lie and say yes and then they'd be mad at his ass all over again. Yeah. As of right now, the special guest include Kelly Rowland, money Long and American Idol winner.


Jamal Roberts know Ray J at this time. That's Kelly Rowland. Kelly Rowland. Yes. Kelly. Yes. Kelly is definitely another person that's worth the price of admission. And Ray wouldn't lie, he would just put it on the dead homes. Yeah. Yeah. But I think everyone is excited for this. So make sure you guys go and and grab your tickets. The presale tickets for the Boy is buying Tour start on June 26th and then general tickets go on sale on June. June 26th. Yes. Tomorrow. That's Tomorrow. Yes. That's Tomorrow. Tomorrow June 26th. Oh, you said they gonna Sell pre-sale. Yeah. Oh, Thought I was like, what the, you say they, I thought the show started tomorrow. Like What? No pre-sale tickets for the Boys Mind tour on June 26th starting at 10:00 AM and then General Tickets gonna sell on June 27th.


And, and yeah, they kick it off in Cincinnati and they will end their tour in Houston, Texas. Of course they're hitting Atlanta. They're coming here to New York. They're gonna be everywhere. That's it. That's all I got. Alright. Well that is the latest with Lauren Charlamagne. Who you giving that donkey to Man before, after the hour. I'm gonna tell y'all why it is imperative. Okay. It's a matter of life and death in this heat to drink your water in mind. Your damn business. We'll discuss. There's a man named Michael Crowley who needs to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him, please. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club.


Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensing 50 states NMLS consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30.


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody, right? Well, it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime Day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that. Let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and forerunner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news Supra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit kelley blue bluebooks kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


With the donkey. It's time for Donkey of today. A bunch of donkeys around here with the He. Yes you are a donkey. What the hell? What the hell what? What more you need donkey? Some donkey today just sell themselves. Give it to him this club one day, give it to him. Oh man. Charlamagne, who you giving donkey to do tonight? Well, robbed for now. Ain't donkey today for Wednesday, June 25th, goes to a 29-year-old young man named Michael Crowley. Now listen, yesterday there was a heat wave forecast across much of America, okay? It was record highs everywhere, all right? A hundred plus all across the map.


I think it was 103 in Chicago, 102 in New York. I think I saw 105 in Pittsburgh, 104 in Columbus, Ohio. Meteorologist. Please just put hell on the forecast. Okay? What's the point of showing us the temperature when it's that hot? All right. It's like when a judge gives you 200 years for what? Just tell me life. Alright? Just tell me forever. And the reason I'm telling you the forecast is because in this heat, you really need to drink your water and mind your business. Okay? See, we say that as if those two things aren't a matter of life and death. Okay? Those two things are survival tactics. When the forecast is that hot drink water to stay hydrated and mind your business because it is a scientific fact that hot temperatures cause people to bug the F out.


Okay? Increased irritability, anger, aggressive behavior due to a combination of psychological factors, physiological factors, the body's stress, response to heat coupled with discomfort, potential sleep disruption. It makes it harder to regulate emotions and impulses, which makes people prone to snap. This is not hyperbole, okay? This is Science Fool. And Michael Crowley is the latest example of that. What are you talking about Uncle Charla? Well, let's go to 11 alive for the report please. Right now, A 29-year-old man is behind bars accused of killing his uncle over a pastry. So this is the breaking news at 11 Alive. First brought you last Thursday when DeKalb County Police swarmed a home on Loveless Drive in Ellenwood.


Now, a new arrest report shows that Michael Crowley shot his uncle, 48-year-old Roderick Crowley because he ate his honey bun. The warrant says the Michael called 9 1 1 and told police what he did. When officers got there, they said they found him in the woods nearby and took him into custody, charging him with malice murder, Mental illness, unhealed trauma, the heat, and a honey bun that led to Michael Crowler shooting and killing his uncle. Now, I told you about the heat portion of this, but it is Men's Mental health month. So I have to acknowledge how unhealed trauma can significantly increase the risk of violence, okay? Both. Both towards you and other people.


Okay? See, this man didn't shoot and kill his uncle over no damn honey bun. There's something else there that has been building up some type of hurt, some type of trauma that has been unresolved and that often leads to behavioral issues, okay? That may manifest as aggressive or violent behavior. I hurt people. Hurt people. I tell y'all that all the time. That's why you gotta leave people alone. Okay? Rest in peace to Roger Crowley. You should not be dead today over no damn honey bun. But clearly your nephew had other issues going on that maybe you didn't know about. Okay? Or maybe you did. I don't know. Sometimes we see people tripping over something and we say, Hey, it's not that serious. A honey bun is definitely not that serious. But whatever issues he's dealing with in his head and in his heart, those issues are okay.


That's why I be on y'all about going to therapy. Because as I always say, if you don't deal with your trauma, your trauma gonna deal with you. Now, let's talk God's gift to snacks, honey buns. Okay? One of the greatest joys God put here for us to indulge in whoever in invented the honey bun had a direct line to God. Okay? When you high and you get the munchies and you take that honey bun, warm it up in the microwave for about 25 32 seconds. My God, that pastry feels like a hug. Okay? It's the ultimate comfort dessert. And we don't even know what brand it was. Might have been low Debbie. Okay? When I was in high school that Sunbeam honey bun used to hit. But there is nothing that slaps more than a duchess jumbo glazed honey bun.


My God, my God. That duchess jumbo glaze honey bun will make a diabetic risk it off, but it shouldn't. Okay? I hate that. I have to come on the radio and tell you young men and women that you should not be taking anybody's life over a damn honey bun. Now, I know as a man, Michael Crowley had some other things going on in his life. I know as a man, Michael Crowley had some mental health issues. There might've been underlying issues between him and the uncle. And Michael just was all away fed up. But when somebody tells you to calm down, 'cause that's what happened in this situation. Somebody told Michael to calm down and told him to leave the house, and he did. But if you leave a situation, okay, if you go do that, but still come to the conclusion to grab your pistol and come back and shoot somebody four times, something's wrong.


Okay? You gonna spend the rest of your life in prison over a situation, a fist fight could have solved if you would've swung on him over eating your honey bun, I would understand because it's not about the fact he ate your honey bun. It's the principle because somebody will do something like that to you and look at you and say, why you tripping, bro? It's just a funky ass honey bun. What you mean a funky ass honey bun? It wasn't a funky ass honey bun when you was eating it. Icing all around your mouth, crumbs in your bed, talking about it's just a funky ass honey bun. If it's just a funky ass honey bun, then gimme a kiss and let me taste the glaze on your lips. Oh, what? This nigga is Crazy. Listen, kids, Michael has been charged with malice murder. Okay? Conviction for malice murder carries one of three sentences.


Life in prison with the possibility of parole life in prison without the possibility of parole and the death penalty. Mm. The moral of the story is a moment of anger can ruin a lifetime of peace. Don't ever let petty choices lead to permanent consequences. If you lose your temper, you may lose everything else with it, okay? You can't take a bullet back. Okay? Our decision made in the heat of pride or in the heat of a hundred degree temperatures all over this country, please let Remy Ma give Michael Crowley the biggest. Hee-haw. Hee-haw heehaw. You stupid motherfucker. Are you dumb? Mm. That Is crazy though. Crazy honey bun. Come on.


Crazy. Come on. Crazy. It's not right. Crazy like, damn, but ain't no, but come on. No, no, no. Ain't no, but somebody died. Cut it out. You about to say something stupid. What shoes Ray saying? No, no. See you all look at you. You want, you want him to jump be stupid knowing he can't help himself instead of just putting the helmet on your little cousin and letting him leave before he leave. You know, you know, little red silly. Okay? No, but make sure you got his helmet on. Ain't no, but move on. What we got going on? Well, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now, Weezy and Mandy was on the show Decision Decisions the other day. They talked about, yes, they were promot, hold on.


They were here promoting their new book, no Holds Barred, A dual Manifesto of Sexual Exploration and Power available everywhere. You buy books now. Yes. And they were talking about being in a relationship you deserve. Can we play the audio? And this is gonna sound bad. I do think everyone is with who they deserve. What do you mean? If you're with someone who isn't that great to you, it's because you don't believe you deserve better. Ooh, everyone in certain relationships, I feel like they deserve it. Because it's like, if you don't want better for yourself, no one can, no one can lead you out of it. It's fully much. You could take a, you could take a horse to water, but you can't make 'em drink it. And so I do think that what if you're in a bad relationship or not, you don't feel like you deserve more. You're in a relationship you deserve.


Mm. All right, well let's discuss 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's talk about being in a relationship you deserve. Do you feel like you're in a relationship you deserve? That's, Let's talk about it. Hell of A question. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Call me Your opinion to The Breakfast Club Top. Come on. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we are talking about being in a relationship you deserve.


Now this comes out of the conversation of Wheezy and Mandy from Decision Decisions. They were up here promoting their new book that's out right now. Yes, no holds barred. A dual manifesto of sexual exploration and power. It's available everywhere you buy books. Now, Let's hear what they said. And this is gonna sound bad. I do think everyone is with who they deserve. What do you mean? If you're with someone who isn't that great to you, it's because you don't believe you deserve better. Ooh, everyone in certain relationships, I feel like they deserve it. Because it's like, if you don't want better for yourself, no one can, no one can lead you out of it. It's full months. You, you could take a, you could take a horse to water, but you can't make 'em drink it. And so I do think that what if you're in a bad relationship or not, you don't feel like you deserve more.


You're in a relationship you deserve. So We're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Are you in a relationship you deserve? I guess that's the question. Let's start with you, Jess. Yes, I am. I'm in a relationship that I deserve. And because You're a hardworking woman. I am. And you got a hardworking Mexican Abs. Wow. What? Wow. Wow. Absolutely. Yes. I have a half Mexican husband and yes, I feel like he deserves me as I deserve him. So yes, I'm in a, finally in a relationship where I feel like yes, I deserve to be. And Charlamagne Tha Absolutely. Well, you know what? It's funny, right? Sometimes I feel like I'm not, 'cause I just feel like, you know, she's so much better than me. But I feel like over the years I've definitely become the man that I should be for her.


You know? But that, that took, you know, doing a lot of work on myself. And I think that's what, you know, Mandy was saying to me, that's what I took from it. Like, I think there's a lot of factors that go into people being in bad relationships or being with bad people. But I do understand what, what Mandy was saying. If you don't love yourself, if you have insecurities, you could find yourself in relationships with people who will exploit that. And until you decide you want to be better and deserve better, you probably won't get better. So, you know, Emini here, it's, it is hard with me and with me and my wife. 'cause me and my wife, it'll, we've been together 27 years, right? So we've been together since we was kids. So I've evolved as a man, but I always felt like I was, I definitely always felt like I was punching above my, my, my weight class by being with her.


But I, my my goal was to always continue to better myself, to be the man that I feel like she deserved. Yeah. Yeah. And, and me the same, I've been with my wife for 31 years And I felt the same way, especially early on. I felt like she was so much mature and so much better than me. That, that I had insecurities that I had to, to get through. I didn't know what it was at the time. I wasn't trying to break down what I was dealing with. But as you start evolving and you start growing in life, you realize, damn, I have to work on myself, which I finally did, you know, years ago. And now I, I feel like, you know, I'm in a deserving relationship. But, but before I felt like she was way over my level. Absolutely. Absolutely. Let's go to the phone lines. Hello? Who's this? Yes, It's stink.


Yo, relax bro. Get damn. He can, he could be Hype. Nah, they call him his on that pink cocaine early in the morning. Jazz. That's what I'm Jesus. What The relationship that you deserves to be in. I was flipping that real white. I was still, I was flipping that real white. See who I told you? I know, I know a cocaine voice when I hear, damn, he slow down. Alright, Well answer the question, sir. We're Not talking about, We're not talking about with your drugs. We're talking about with your lady. Now listen, I think I'm gonna go back to Cassie. I think she's in, it was in a relationship that she deserved and that she wanted. And there's nothing wrong with that. We're looking at it like there's something wrong with that.


There's nothing wrong with that. Well, I think I've been in a relat, I'm sorry. I've been in a relationship. I've been married for 30 years. It's a beautiful relationship. It works. We, we fight, we argue, we, we, we do everything together. But that's the, that's the relationship I deserve. But, but another woman might want a more exciting relationship like she had, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. But you know, I think that's a good example because, you know, from what we have seen, or at least from what we know, 'cause none of us know all the intimate details. You know, Diddy and Cassie had a trauma bond and it seemed like one of them moved on to get some healing, which was Cassie and the other kept, you know, indulging in the same behavior that he was when he was with her.


That, So we don't, we don't, well we don't know if she did get to get help or, or what it is. We just know that it seemed like they were trauma bonded, It seemed like. But it seemed like she moved on and got some help to me. I don't know. I don't know. And, and by the way, she, she, she, she seemed like she did the work on herself and she ended up getting the man that she actually deserves. That's Right. Hello, who's this? This is Dean. Hey, good morning, mama. We're asking are you in a relationship you deserve? Good morning. I don't think people are in, are necessarily in a relationship that they deserve because some people are in relationships that are really bad. They're sexually assaulted. That's, you know, physically and no one deserves that. But I think that we're all in relationship that we need. We're either in a relationship that's showing us how we behave, so we're being mirrored or it's showing us something that needs to work in ourselves that allows us to stay in the situation that we don't deserve.


I like that words matter. So maybe it's not deserved. Maybe it's need may. I like that. Yeah. All right. Thank you for Calling. Well, thank you. Let's go to another caller. Hello, who's this? Hello, this is Ryan from Columbus. Hello. How you doing this morning? Breakfast, Floyd. Peace, Ryan. Morning. What's up Ryan? Morning we're talking about being in a relationship you deserve. What's your thoughts? Look man, you know, sometimes, you know, she's right to a certain degree, right? But man, some half of these dudes will kill these women for that. You know what Emini here, they feel as if, you know, if I can't have you, nobody else can. You know what? Emini here, somebody deals is coward. So, you know, that's how, you know some of these do think. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well thank you. I get what you, I I do understand what people are saying. Like, you know, you don't deserve to be in an a, a, a abusive relationship.


But I at all, I do think you can, you, you meet people where they are a lot of times because you might be there. And that's where I think the trauma, I think we're talking about trauma bonds in a lot of situations. But then it is the flip side, right? When you start doing the work on yourself and you know, you, you, you start loving yourself a different way and you start dealing with those insecurities and you start going on your healing journey. I think you'll meet people on that journey too. Yeah. Some people absolutely do that. When they get in relationships, when they meet each other, they are both very, you know, damaged goods from previous relationships. And then one person may start doing the work, but the other person not. And that's when you're not catching up. You not That's right. Staying on the same page.


And so people, that's how a lot of people outgrow each other as well. And some people, and some people don't realize that there's something better out there because you're so used to dealing with Yeah. One Person. You're so Comfortable. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people are comfortable in their situation and they don't wanna try another situation 'cause they don't know if they're gonna get worse. That's Right. Yeah. And a lot of people think that they can change. Like they can help people too. It is like, like say for instance, if I get with somebody and he's like really, really damaged, do I give up on him because he is damaged or is it like, can I help him? Yeah, You try to turn into a project. You know what Emini here, lot of, yeah, a lot of people do that. A lot of times that can't happen though. I think that happens with growth. And I know, And I don't know Charlemagne's situation, but I was so young when I met Gia, I was 16.


Me Too. You know, so I had a lot of growing to do, you know, and We grew together. Yeah, That's right. And we grew together. But 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Are you in a relationship you deserve? Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning daddy. Call my phone call, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're asking, are you in a relationship you deserve? Now this conversation comes from Mandy and Wheezy. They were here promoting their new book, no Halls barred. And we're asking, are you in that relationship?


Let's listen to the conversation. And this is gonna sound bad. I do think everyone is with who they deserve. What do you mean? If you're with someone who isn't that great to you, it's because you don't believe you deserve better. Ooh, everyone in certain relationships, I feel like they deserve it because it's like, if you don't want better for yourself, no one can, no one can lead you out of it. It's fool much. You could take a, you could take a horse to water, but you can't make 'em drink it. And so I do think that what if you're in a bad relationship or not, you don't feel like you deserve more. You're in a relationship you deserve. Alright, well let's take some calls. Hello, who's this? De de Hey de de. Are you in a relationship you deserve? I'm single right now. So you deserve to be single.


You deserve To be single right now. Yes. I'll be dirty you feet once I can find somebody to treat me. Right. RR come on, let's look in the mirror too. R until you are a person that can treat somebody else, right? I treat everybody right? Yeah, Yeah. I hear a little giggling in your voice. I heard you snickering in your voice. You know you done did a couple guys out here. Dirty. Dirty. No guys do women dirty. So it's best to be single. Nah, come on. Now you gotta tell the unit. I want you to tell the universe what you want right now. Is it either best to be single or do you want somebody claim it right now? Which one? I'd Rather be single right now. I'm happier. All right. Okay. Forever.


Let's go to Another boy. Don't. Nope, she just told the universe forever. Hello. Who's this? Let is cash. Hey, good morning Kash. We're asking do you deserve, let's talk about your relationship. Are you in a relationship you deserve right now? No. I'm the single friend with all the advice stuff You Said you what? What? I'm, I'm the single friend with all their advice. Oh, you're the single friend. So you're in a relationship you deserve. You deserve to be single Emini Here for now. You know what Emini here, it was this, for everybody that, you know, I continue to grow and be the better I can be so I can attract what I need to attract. And see now I agree. I love that awareness. She said. Now see I like awareness and accountability. 'cause that's what Mandy was saying. That's what you saying. Awareness and accountability. Let's grow much. Let's evolve, let's do the work on each other so we can attract the person that, you know, reflects that.


Hello. Yeah. Because you know, some of the best relationships right now are the people who aren't willing to do the work. Yeah. Some of the, you said some of the best relationships are the people who, what, who Are willing to do, who Aren't willing to do the work. You know, they, they happy with they trauma, you know, they, they good. Which is why it's a lot going on. Yeah. I got homegirls that tell me all the time. They're not even dating nobody if they not in therapy. Yeah, Exactly. You know what I'm saying? But see, the thing is I don't even necessarily believe that they, they like the trauma. You know what Emini here, they just may not know how to come up out of it. You know, a lot of people don't know how to move past and a lot of people don't even know that they're carrying trauma until you show that person that part. You know what, Emini here. Alright, well thank you Emini here. The moral of the story is I think, you know what, what everybody is saying is true. Like, you know, just, just do the work on yourself.


Yeah. You know, so you can attract, you know, the, the, the healed person that you're looking for, but you're not gonna attract the healed person until you a healed version. A more healed version of yourself anyway, so Yeah. Yeah. And then I don't think healing is ever done. You know what, Emini here, never life is gonna keep life and you know, you run into situations all the time. It's always gonna be something to heal from. It's just knowing how to do that and how to properly assess yourself. That's right. But if, you know, if you want more conversations like that to be sparked, then go pick up Mandy and Huey's book No Holds Barred, a dual manifesto of Sexual Exploration and Power. I guarantee you it's a whole bunch of stuff in the book. Just like that. The debate. All right, now we got the latest with Lauren coming up, so don't move just The Breakfast Club morning.


Oh damn. We ain't even get Lauren in on this. Does she feel like she in the relationship she deserve Shut, shut Up. Damn. She don't know. Alright. Right. We, we, the latest with Lauren when we come back it's the breakfast local morning, The Breakfast Club.


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody, right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime Day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on, it's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowes Premium Sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting Bs and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to kelley bluebooks kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news Supra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Morning Everybody. It's DJNV Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight fat, She gets them from somebody that knows Somebody well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. But Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes She have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So Stefan Diggs has our girl Cardi B over in France, girl living like a royal harness, literally in a castle. Let's take a listen. This man got me in a castle.


I took in a real castle. Why this man gotta stain in a castle wonder. The Maria Antoinette was getting old down here. This real crocodo in there. Mind you, I've been to him like every time I go to Europe I can never go to or I can never go see the Detroit in England. He said, you want castle? I give you castle. Look how beautiful this man is. So he got us in a castle like, I can't believe we staying in some place like this. When she was talking about the alligators, Cardi showed you in her video, the the mo, I believe that's what it's called, outside of the castle where the mo Yep. She shows you that and she says there's real alligators in the castle is huge.


Yes. Like it It is just for them two. Yeah, for their vacation. It's crazy. Cardi been the white castles in the Bronx before though. Ain't like she ain't never been in the castle. Oh, you're funny. She talking about that White Castle, about that castle. Not like she ain't ever been in a castle. This Is a different type of castle, sir. Yeah, Man. Oh my God, I love that. Yes. Well shout out to ca. I was gonna say shout out to Castle Cardi. Shout Cardi and Stefan Diggs. Now in other news, wanted to send a congratulations to to Cameron. So yesterday Cameron posted via his Instagram and announcement that he has inked a $750,000 book deal with Simon and Schuster. Nice. One of the big five publishers.


I know Charlamagne you have a a, a footprint with them as well too, right? Black People was publishing. They published all my books, but then I have a book I print over there, drop on a Clue Bombs for camera. Yes. So he says in his announcement that, you know, at the end of this, this could potentially get him to seven figures with this deal and that at the time he doesn't have an actual release date for an autobiography, but he's aiming to do something in February of 2026. So he's looking to tell his story through books. So nice shout out to him. Dope. If if you can write a rap, you can write a book. Yes. And the dope thing about Cameron, he has such a history that a lot of people don't know absolutely how he started and his relationship with Mason and Biggie signing him and all the things that he went through and, and Rockefeller. So, and then all his personal stuff and how he was a a a a, a great basketball player and him and Mac was actually supposed to go to college and they were talking about going to the league at one time.


So his history is long And, and, and these people be having stories that we don't know anything about. Right. And the thing about a book, a book, you know, allows you to really, really talk, talk about those intimate details of your life. So I hope it's, I hope it's a memoir that he's right. Yeah, I was excited when I saw the announcement for that reason. I feel like he is gonna be, he's such a good storyteller that the book is gonna be full of that as well too. I love watching those interviews. So, and then lastly, I, I wanted to send another congratulations to some of the people who made the 2025 Double XL freshman cover. Now we, I feel like the only two people you guys would know is Jello. Who is you guys? You who you know from the X XL freshman cover? Charlamagne. Oh, you talking to us specifically? Yeah, I'm talking to to you and Envy.


Oh, okay. Okay. Well you gotta say that you're talking to millions of people. Oh sorry. Emini here. Emini here. I be talking like I'm just talking to y'all in the room. I'm so used to talking to you, to y'all. But yes, so from the double XL freshman cover, when I looked at it, I was like, man, I wanted send a congratulations to everybody, but I feel like Envy and Charlamagne will probably only know Jello Ball and Rayon. Why Is Jello on there? Jello got one record, He got two records. He got the record with Illa. Right. The one with Gorilla, the Other other one came and everybody loved, but that they both came and went. Lemme see. Both came. That, that makes you, I get you on a double XL list. Girl, I Don't know nobody on there either, You know. Okay. You 33. Jesus. I'm 33 too. And I was Jello. Oh, jello and Avon. They the only Two I know. I feel like you would know YTB Fat.


You would know him by his song. My son probably. Yeah. Because his song would circulate on socials, Samara Sin. A lot of people are playing her music right now. Little shimmy. I'm gonna be honest with y'all. There was like four four on here where I was like, dang, am I 1900 Rugrat? Who's that? I don't know any of those people. And I'm fine not knowing any of those people because the reality of this situation is don't pay no shimmy when you end up on those magazine covers. That should serve as a a that should serve as a place of discovery. Yes. Correct. Emini here a hundred percent. If I, if I'm interested in going to see any of those Yes. Searching of those people there. If I'm being honest, there were people in here that I was like, I don't know these names. Let me hear the songs. And some of the songs I knew because of like TikTok or Instagram, but I didn't know the artists themselves. But I thought, and then A lot of times you hear these songs on TikTok and you don't even know they're a whole song.


Yes. Until later. Right. But I need to hear what 19 hundreds Rug Rat got going on. That's really the name. Yes. That's hundred rug. You have one? No, not from. Okay. Well yeah. So I shout out to them, especially Rayon, I met him in the the BET media room. Yeah. And when I sat down and talked to him, we did an interview. I was so surprised by how big his and friendly his personality is. Like his music is so like battle rap a lot of times. Rayon been around though, right? Yeah, he's been around Rayon like y'all age. I didn't know about him though until all the back and forth with Joey Badass or Joey. Okay. Yeah. You can say Joey Badass. That's Joey Badass. Okay. Yeah. I didn't know about him honestly until that back and forth. It made me be like, who is this? And then when we talked to him in the media room, I was like, your personality is so bigger than not the nothing's wrong with just rapping, but he had a really big personality.


It was great conversation with him. And, and For people that don't know, he signed the TDE. He's from the west coast. Yeah. Ray V is, he's actually 29. He the, the good, the bad. And the dollar menu is a, a great, great project. Yes. Yeah, I I've been heard of him. Who is Laser Dem seven Honey. I know that's right. He someone on the double XL freshman cover is, And I just want to know 33 is just young in this room. Okay. Because this the 1900 Rug rat. He's saying ma'am to you. I just want you to know that Lauren. Yeah. Okay. I'm he's 22. Alright. That's what I'm Just say I need get his stuff. These names, they got some names on them. For real. We had some of the songs to play, but we don't got 1900 rug right Though. Oh man.


What about Little Shimmy? We got a little shimmy. No, we have, we have some Rayon. We got Jello, of course. Samara Sin. We Got Rayon Dope. He's We this Stuff before by Rayon. Yeah. He said he was coming up here. Char said that you was gonna figure that out for him. I did, I did hit him up and say whenever he ready pull up because I, I really like that. The good, the bad the Dollar Menu album. And who is Laura Chef Do it. What? Oh, that's another one. You Know when I, I know, you know some of his songs from social. Okay, I'll play for you when we are finished. We don't have All We gotta go. That is the latest with Laura. I'm sure NLA will be putting us up to, to more these's artists when she comes tomorrow. All right. Yeah. Everybody else, the People's Choice mixes up next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake Up.


Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club.


Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LC licensing 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30


everybody. It's d Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now. Salute to Nelly and Ashanti for joining us this morning. Yes indeed. Salute to Nelly and Ashanti, make sure you watch their show. We Belong together. Starts on Peacock tomorrow. Love that. That's right. And also you gonna be outta town this weekend, right? I am. I'm gonna be in Virginia Beach Friday and Saturday. We got two shows at the Funny Bone Comedy Club on Friday and then two shows at the Funny Bone Comedy Club on Saturday. So make sure you get your tickets@jessartistofficial.com. Then Arizona July 12th. I will be there. So get your tickets. I'll be at the WildHorse Casino and yeah, that's it man.


Just get your tickets. Virginia Beach it ready to be a hot weekend. Okay. Weigh deodorant. When you add just shows, man. No, for real. It be hot. I'm telling you, people be mucky. It is Not hot in the venue. Yo. I I don't think that deodorants and Emini here, this sincerely. I don't know if deodorants have changed their formula over the years. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because some like things are different. People's bodies are different. Climate change got the heat a little different. Some of the, some of the way people be smelling sometimes be A little crazy man. I know, I know. The body odors is crazy. Yes. And the underarms don't need smell like regular underarms no more. No. Yeah, it is different. Yeah. Jesus. Where, where the hell are y'all at when these people smell like this? I don't know. I don't know where Charlamagne at. 'cause he don't only be outside so I don't even know how he smell.


Just walking by people. He's smelling these people Like, damn he smell hot. She Smell hot, He smell hot. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody is DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and salute to everybody that's been supporting the car shows. You know, we're doing one in Virginia, Hampton, Virginia, July 19th and then August 16th in New Jersey. Emini here. We sold thousands of tickets. I wanna say thank you so much. If you haven't got your ticket, it will sell out. So get your ticket Kids five and under are free. So if you want a safe event and fun event for the kids, but something that you can enjoy as adults, make sure you check out my car show, whether it's in Hampton, Virginia or the Meadowlands Expo Center in New Jersey.


All right, appreciate you guys. Kids five and under are free. So just bring the kids. All right. Now Charlotte, you got a positive note. I do, man. You know we've been having all these conversations about, you know what you deserve this morning. The reality is in the end, you do get what you deserve. Okay? The amount of effort you put in determines the amount of joy that you will receive. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club. Bitches see I'm Finish. Or y'all done.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people. Liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Hey, it's me, your heart, mind if I pick the next song, listen, even though we're eating better, people who've had one heart attack are at higher risk of another. But Repatha Evolocumab plus a statin lowers LDLC are bad cholesterol and our heart attack risk. So let's talk to our doctor about Repatha. Do not take Repatha if you're allergic to it. Serious allergic reactions can occur. Get medical help right away if you have trouble breathing or swallowing. Swelling of the face, lips, tongue, throat, or arms. Common side effects include runny nose, sore throat, common cold symptoms, flu or flu-like symptoms, back pain, high blood sugar and redness, pain or bruising at the injection site. View the important safety information in our banner. Listen to your heart. Ask your doctor about Repatha.


It's madam. Are you ready for hashtag Megan Summer? Megan, Megan. Megan, Megan. Megan, would you prefer, could I give you a printout that you can read at your own pace? Megan? Yes, it's me. What a shock, et cetera. On June 27th, she has a Smoking hot warrior princess. Alright, me sex. Let's get to work. Are you going to stand in my way? The be is back. Do you think you learned your lesson the first time? Megan? This is an IHeartPodcasts.