
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number One rule, don't read the comments Been nasty. This episode is gonna hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer actor. And, I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere earths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday


Now listen to your show every single day. Breakfast Club, God Damnit, The, Breakfast Club with that ass up on The. Breakfast Club. You can't say Breakfast Club without being Breakfast Club. You're like this rare air. You got platforms and partners all Over the place because your demand is so high. People want be in business with the breakfast, But I don't think white people know how popular you guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious. Charlemagne de God. Yeah, you guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night talk show. Y'all know what y'all talking about. Good morning.


USA. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Good morning, Lauren. LaRosa. Good morning. Did you like my Good Morning? USA, That was actually good. She was gonna beat you at the You. know what I'm saying? Was weekend Y'all, You was in pocket. You was doing all of that. You heard my, I say Good morning Charlamagne. God, Good morning, Charlamagne. God. Peace to the Planet's Friday. How y'all feeling out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. You said it's a homecoming weekend. It's Don't say homecoming weekend. I woke up so excited.


Shy. Ready? You should say, you should tell people You know what Dell is. What? I know Dell is short for something. Delaware. Why you keep asking? My people don't know. Delaware is the first date. And I. They don't know Delaware, but If, you do not know Delaware State University. We celebrate our homecoming weekend this weekend. I am alumni. It's my 10 year shout out to class of 2014. And they are A-H-B-C-U, right? Yes, we are. HBCU. I'm so happy to be A-H-B-C-U alum. What was your major? I majored in marketing, business administration, concentration and marketing. Oh, so where'd the whole journalism thing come from? You just, just I just had it. I, I did marketing 'cause I was like, I, I'm gonna need to make some money while I figure out the talent part of it. So I, I worked corporate jobs for a while before I fully was full-time talent Makes all the sense in The.


World, what'd you do last night? Anything fun? No. I actually was supposed to make it to two Cs listening party. Some of the team went, I fell asleep and woke up And. I was like, You know what? I'm just gonna stay here and sleep. This is the second time this week that you've said that. And I'm happy for you. I am happy that you are getting rest. I'm happy that you are getting sleep. Are you getting seven to eight hours? Yes. And it's so I feel great. I'm choosing peace a little bit more except for this morning. 'cause how I'm coming weekend. Ah, I'm so excited. Ah, So it starts the day, It does tonight we are in, we're, we're starting in Wilmington, Delaware at the Queen Theater. This is the official alumni homecoming kickoff party that I will be hosting. So we're gonna have a great time. It's gonna be a lot of shadow clocks, a lot of You know Tamia steps for the OGs in the building as well too.


And then tomorrow we tailgate. It's our homecoming game. And then we are outside with DRIs and the True Hustler worldwide team. After that, bringing back the Bubba's vibes, which is a very Dover Delaware thing to say. Well, to salute to everybody listening to us all across the country, Google, Delaware, You know If. you not familiar with Google? Delaware is Crazy. Y'all Been really try to do us Fun fact about Delaware. That is where Google chose to register as a corporation. Did You know that? I didn't know that business specifically, but most a lot of corporations are registered outta Delaware because of the tax thing. So yeah. Interesting. Well, we got a great show for y'all this morning.


The baby will be joining us. Yes, sir. He's got a new project out called, why is that a mixed tape? I don't know why he keep calling this his comeback project, but we we're gonna discuss that with him plus some other things. Plus Morgan Woods will be joining us in the second for front page news. So don't go anywhere if the world's most dangerous morning show The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. DJ Envy. Lauren LaRosa. Jess hilarious. Is still on maternity leave Salute to the Good Sister. Just hilarious. Yes. Yes. Now let's get in the, let's get in the front page news. Morgan Woods. How are you? I'm doing great. I'm doing great. Y'all doing all right? It's Friday. Yes. Favorite day of the week? Yeah, so You know who else is doing Okay.


Well, at least it seems So those striking dock workers along the Gulf Coast and the East Coast, well, they're headed back to work today. Sources say members of the International Long Shore's Association and management groups have reached a tentative deal on wages. According to reports, the two sides are agreeing to extend the expired contract until January 15th. Now, 50,000 union members working from Maine to Texas walked off the job on Tuesday. The strike had led to uncertainty about moving supplies as the nation heads into the holiday season. Of course, You know getting those resources to those impacted by Hurricane Helene as well. Meanwhile, president Biden says there is progress being made in the recovery efforts from Hurricane Helene. As they continue those efforts continue.


He made the comments yesterday in Valdosta, Georgia, adding the direct assistance program for hurricane victims will cost u the US billions of dollars. Let's hear more from Biden in regards to the aftermath of Hurricane Helene. Payment teams are knocking, literally knocking on doors to register folks so they can receive assistance to buy what they urgently need. Congress has an obligation to me, it seems to me, to ensure the states have the resources they need. So Biden toward the devastation in Georgia where at least 33 people have died. Now this comes as Georgia Governor Brian Kemp is slamming the Biden administration's efforts for not doing enough for the rural communities impacted by the storm that reportedly were not initially included in Biden's disaster declaration.


Now, it's important to note that Hurricane Helene is now the deadliest storm to hit the mainland since Hurricane Katrina. Now, officials say 215 people have died due to the storm that slammed into the south. We Southeast a week ago. More than half of the deaths were in North Carolina, including at least 72 in Buncombe County where flooding has devastated the area, the death toll will likely rise as hundreds remain missing. And meanwhile, hundreds are still without power across Georgia and the Carolinas. Absolutely. And and and you said you talked about the strike Morgan, the strike. Yes. It's suspended right, until January, right? Yes, January 15th. So they're basically going to extend the expired contract that they have until January 15th.


So that gets them through the election season. I'll say that. Yeah. You know. And they got a 62% pay raise. That, that, well the tentative agreement includes a 62% pay raise over the next six years. I think they was looking for 77%. So, I mean, their strike worked. Yeah. A couple of day strike Work. Shout out to them. I have a, a, a tenant in one of my, one of my mom's buildings who was out of work and he thought he was gonna be outta work for a while. So I it's good to hear. 'cause he was trying to You know, figure out what he was gonna do and how he was gonna do that. His kids Too morning, guys. Little peace. And I'm a little, I I'm a little upset, not a little upset, but yesterday I, I, we went to the grocery store and stocked up on groceries. So I spent all that money in the damn grocery store yesterday, thinking was gonna be lasting a little bit longer. And it, now you Heard me play the audio. Kathy Hoel, governor Hoel said, don't, this is not the time to be doing all of that.


But You know what, I don't No, you been good. Yeah. When white people tell me not to do something, that's when I gonna do it. I'm Morgan I was talking to my dad last night about this And I don't know If, you mentioned this, but they were saying that the government has the right to make people go to work when it comes to the railroads and the docks. So my dad was like, don't worry about you ain't gotta worry about it because if it gets crazy, they're gonna force them to go to work. So, wow. Even though they can strike that Is a possibility. But p President Biden has actually said that he was not going to do that. He's already, yeah, He wasn't gonna do that. Said that he wasn't gonna initiate those type of Yeah, well, yeah. Executive orders. Yeah. It hasn't, yeah, but You know we're moving on from it at least until now. Okay. At least 2025. So that's a good thing. We got time for one more. Yes.


Alright. So the, the Biden administration can move forward with its student loan forgiveness plan. The federal judge, a federal judge in Georgia, allowed a temporary restraining order on the plan to expire. This comes just weeks before the November presidential election and the judge ruled a Georgia lacked standing to sue against the relief plan and could not be the venue for the case. The lawsuit against the L plan was brought by several Republican-LED states, Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Missouri, North Dakota, and Ohio. So just like the longshoremen going back to work, there are a lot of people who are still reeling from student loan forgiveness and still trying to figure that part out. So You know. We'll keep you posted on that. At least that loan forgiveness plan can move forward.


So that's your front page news for 6:00 AM 7:00 AM We'll get caught up with the presidential candidates. Trump and Harris, what are they doing? Alright, thank you Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. This is Your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk the hate way. Everything with me is best. Call up next five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil.


Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Joey from Off Beach, Florida, man, how you guys doing? What's Up brother? Get it off your chest. What's Up man? I honestly, I just wanna spread positivity, man. I wanna thank God for another day and opportunity. And I. Also wanna say, shout out to my homeboy, Brendan, bj, and Miriam on them getting engaged and getting married soon. Thank my homeboy Juan. Congrats. And my homegirl Ariana. Adriana, I'm sorry, Adriana. I'm sorry. Getting, getting engaged and getting married soon, man. It's just a great day to be alive man. And great day to celebrate black and brown. Love brother.


Okay, There you go. Thank you, brother. I love to hear that. Yes, Sir. Hey, hey, AAG. Yes sir. Hey man. Hey man. Hey, you, you are a big inspiration to me man, as far as the mental health field and always pushing forward, brother. Like you are one of the guys I looked, I, I really listened to for a while, you and Andrew shows, man, about, about like mental health you about mental health and Andrew shows. Honestly, he's been just about a lot of ing in my life, man. And, I wanna say. I appreciate you guys, And, I, appreciate you for what you do, man. And I. Thank you brother. Taking my way of, of being like that. It's not, it's not like embarrassing or not not cool to find, find help or find therapy and just talking about it, brother.


So I appreciate you man. God bless. God bless all you guys. Thank, Thank you brother. Thank you man. If you, If you in New York on October 12th. Join me at my fourth annual mental wealth expo, which celebrates, which is the day of mental health education and healing and honor World Mental Health Day, man. We doing that from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM and it's a free event open to all ages. Hello. Who's this? Hey, This is Cece. Hey Cece. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Okay, so first I just wanna talk about these cheating boys. Okay? Because it's a grown man, but I call him a boy today. Wow. And they lying and they don't just admit their fault of the truth and it's just annoying. You must have went to state black men don't cheat. You must went to black boys do. Look, I'm not even glad Said that. I'm not even gonna argue at that.


'cause You must have went to Dell State. I Went to De State. Did you go Go to State? Oh my gosh. You went to State. You Did. You went to State what year you graduated? I did go state. I'm from Do Girl And I. Oh. But yes, alumni. I will be there this weekend. I'm actually driving down there right now. You Coming to the alumni party tonight in Wilmington? Or you going straight to Dover? No, I'm going straight to Dover, but I'll be hanging out with y'all for the rest of the Weekend. Okay, well I'll see you Saturday. Okay, perfect. Perfect. But also shout out to Dre with True Hustle. Y'all support him. That's a black business. That's, that's My bro, black Bro. Can I ask Black man bro? Cc? Can I ask a question? Cc Worldwide.com.


Yeah. What's Going on? Does Delaware State have a football team? Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know what they got helmets. Not do They got helmets? Not too much on us. Dad, why You playing with us? Do they got saying yes Hornets? Goodness. Y'all should have been a hornet and it's okay. Oh My goodness. It's a little, That was your best joke. Charla. We just messed with y'all. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If y'all need to vent, call us up now. Do they have helmets? Wow. Oh yes. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your Ass.


This is your time to get it off your chest. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Hi, my name is Justine. Hey Justine. Get it off your chest, Justine. Good morning. I love you guys so much. Love you more. So, I recently lost, I recently lost my job. I just need help paying my rent. And I also lost my engine in my car, so I need to need money to replace that. So I was up on some, excuse me. That motor locked up on you. It did. You ain't changed the oil. I did, I did Charlemagne. So what happened? It just locked up on me. So that's why we're at the mechanic trying to get a diagnosis.


And you said you need a prayer there? Short water and a prayer? Yeah, I put my Cash app out There. She was, she wanna put a cash app out there. Oh, I thought she said she need a prayer. No, no. Nope. She wants a cash up. I, I need, I need a prayer. I need a prayer and to throw my cash app out there too. Okay. How we know you ain't just going to party for some type of homecoming this weekend? No, I'm a grilled woman. I don't party. There you go. What's your cash App? I'm just like, you trying, man, I'm on club couch every weekend. There you go. What's your cash app? My cash app is dollar sign. J dollars. D-O-L-L-A-Z. Five J Dallas. Five? Yes. Oh, Jasmine? Yes. Where you from?


I'm from Connecticut. Oh, okay, okay, okay. All right. Well good luck, Jasmine. I'm gonna sit, I, I I just sent you something. Ja. All right. Thank you. I appreciate it. All righty. Thank YI Just sent Ja, I need a cash app. The party this weekend. I ain't got time for that. I don't support drug habits. I just, because You know Jasmine said something real that everybody can relate to. But with that engine go out, man, that engine ain't no joke. No, remember I was, I literally was just talking about this, that this week I had that happen to me when I was young driving that little red Honda Civic, And, I forgot to change the oil and the engine locked up on me. Mm. That'd be given. You might have to get a whole new car. That's crazy. I'm trying to tell you. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. It's your boy Luby from the Bronx. Tapping in.


Good morning. My Breakfast club family. Lovey, What's popping? Ain't here from you in a minute, lovey? Yeah, I had to get low, bro. I had to put a restraining order on the shorty for stalking me. I'm not even gonna put her name out there. But she went to my church. Even stalking me, sent pictures around my church. Now the first lady got it. Now my pastor kicked me outta church in I'm a distraction. Yo You know what's crazy. You never talked to Lauren Osa, have you lovey? Oh no. Lauren don't Know the 13 Claim to fame. Tell him your claim to fame. I do. I Remember him from the first round. Yeah, You do. It's it's the inches. Yeah. Yeah. Mr. Inches over there. Lovey done Put it on some girl. Or some girl is is, is is fixated with his LP First of all.


First of all, don't you ever call a man Mr. Inches. That is disgusting. That was like some of the nastiest thing that've ever been selling the I respect that Lauren. It's freaky Friday Period. And we called him Mr. Inches. God damn capital. MR huh? He a little Jealousy. Crazy. Y'all be a little jealous. Oh, he a little jealous. Well, I wanna know, when is your mental wealth awareness and can I still get tickets? I need some ny you Trying to bring It's free. It's open. It is open to the public man. It's open to all ages. All you gotta do is show up. It's October 12th, 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott. Marque in Times Square. Well, I'm pulling up, I'm pulling up. Pull up Brother Mental Wealth. We can go to mental wealth expo.com for more details, but it's free. Open to the public, open to all ages.


You don't need no tickets, none of that. Well, Some ladies need some healing out here too, so I'm praying on it. Love you. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess with Long. So coming up we Do, sadly I have to report that Hailey Bailey and DDG are over. Alright, we'll get into that. Nex is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ, JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren Osa, your news is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody worldwide, just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club.


She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me Mantel, are you doing them intros, don't she? This is such a vibe. So Holly, I always get her first name wrong. Holly Bailey and DDG are done according to something that DDG put up yesterday, he posted Dear friends and supporters, after much reflection and heartfelt conversations, Hailey And, I have decided to go our separate ways. The decision was not easy, but we have what we believe is best, our best path forward for the both of us. I cherish the time we've spent together and the love we've shared. They say despite the challenge, the changes in there relationship, their love for each other is gonna remain deep and true.


They're forever best friends. They adore each other. They're gonna focus on our individual journeys, but they are still going to focus on their roles as co-parents. And they cherish the bond that they built in different moments that they've shared. They are planning on navigating this new transition. And they just asked for people's understanding and support. Now, Now, now, Lauren, Laura, lemme ask, was that a joint statement? DDG posted it. I haven't seen anything posted to her page. I'm gonna double check again. But yesterday and, and that, that when I checked this morning when I came And I did not see anything posted to her page. My people Seem so happy About it though. Oh, happy baby. I'm, I'm about to get into that day are going up. Hold on. Mm. Did she post anything? Nope. Nothing posted to Sissys page at all. Not her Instagram. I'll check her Twitter.


So the people have been going up And I think it's because And I mean, look, I don't know DDG personally, but people have felt like she shouldn't have been with him. She shouldn't have had a baby with him. And You know their baby is a blessing. And Halo is now here in The World. So You know And I know that that has to be annoying for them to see. But yesterday the people were going off. So one person tweeted, ha holly is Holly is single from the Z list. Rapping N word. I could say that. Can I say N word? No, you can say N word. Okay. Does Z list rap a nigga? No. You can say N word. N oh N word. Oh Shoot. Sorry. Y'all street. I need that list of what I can and can't say. Every single day. Streets are saying Hailey and DDG broke up.


Yes. God. Hailey Bailey deserves more better. Anyway, I'm glad our girl can move on from him now. I hope they co-parent in peace. Even like, it's, it's been a whole thing. That's been the conversation of people just being excited for the fact that they have broken up. But they were just, that's whack because look, they were just out, I think it was like a week ago at Usher's past, present and Future tour and Las Vegas. That was September. Oh. So this is Usher fault. The domestic terrorist strikes a damn game. Let Me say, lemme listen. Usher breaks up another happy home. No. 'cause look, he was trying to, he does like the cherry thing that they do, the cherry thing when they drop the cherry in the girl's mouth at the show now. Yep, yep, yep. DDG intercepted and grabbed the cherry himself and put it in her mouth. So I thought they were good.


Yeah. But it it's kind of crazy that it ended where it started. Because when we first started hearing rumors of them together, it was back in, I don't even remember what, what month it was, but they were at, it was January, 2022 at, after the usher's Las Vegas residency. So it's like, it ended where it started. That's kind of crazy. Mm. But You know what's so interesting about this. Well, two things. What's that? I'll just, just, just blanket statement. I don't know why people feel the need to release information like this to the public. Like why invite people to have an opinion about your breakup? Why invite people to have an opinion about your life? Like folks choose to disturb their own peace. And that's insane to me. That's what I would say if I thought that this was true. But possibly this is just DDG trolling.


He does stuff like this.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay. Okay. Here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't know. I dont know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's because we're doing the pullout method. We're living on The edge. Oh, I was not expecting that baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on the show. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere, a podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely expose the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk. And this is Basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to Basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? And like, what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am mate. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back Season two. Season two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, we push record. Right? Okay. And this season we're taking and a bigger bite out of the most delicious food and its history, Seeing that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh, so All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century BC BC I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My Cultura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And we have a new podcast. Call it What it Is. You may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did You know that we are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent I'm coming offers because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now Here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to call it what it is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


All the time. Yeah, somebody else said that too. Somebody else was like, he gonna pop up with a video like y'all thought we were done. Exactly. But those parents are in love Update. That's right. Life update. That's what I think be I dg probably trolling. Like, like, like 'cause number one, why would a guy release something like this? Like, I don't think DDG would choose to disturb his own piece like this on purpose or the piece of Halle like this on purpose. But he's known to troll. He's probably trolling This. But why? Right? Why This could be, it could be a trouble knowing that people put, people be putting sis through it because she's, she's locked in her family, or, or He could be You know moving on. And he, if he's seen with somebody else, he doesn't wanna make it seem like he's cheating on You. That's what I thought. I thought it was. They're at the point where they're ready to move on and they don't want it to backfire against anybody when they do.


Or that Usher video just went out and everybody's clowning about the Usher video. Everybody know Usher as a domestic terrorist who breaks up happy homes. So he's just feeding into that. He's just playing with the internet. It's all entertainment. Y'all maybe. Listen, Holly, Holly Bailey has not released anything. I keep y'all, I I don't know why I messed up her first name so much. I'm so sorry, sweetheart. Holly. She has not released anything on her Twitter either since I think September 29th. Not even think we looked September 29th. So this, this statement comes from him. It's even signed DEG, but okay, I don't know. I'm, I, I hope they figured it out. But You know the baby's here. They seem to co-parent where that we just out last week. So they have something figured out. Garth Brooks has been accused of rape.


So according to a new lawsuit, Garth Brooks cornered a makeup artist in a hotel suite and raped her so violently that she felt like she was gonna break her body into. Now in these documents, it gets pretty vulgar. This woman claims that Garth held her five foot frame by her ankles and danged her upside down as he did the things that were not okay to do to her private areas, slamming his insides inside of hers. And she felt like she was gonna break into two. Now this woman is a woman who used to do hair and makeup for his wife. And then Garth later hired her to do the same for him. And she claims that in 2019 he took her to la This is when all that, what I just described happened in 2019, May, 2019, he took her to LA for a Grammy trip, Grammy tribute that he was doing for Sam Moore.


And when they boarded the private plane, she noticed that it was only them two on the plane, which she said was very unusual. And then they got to LA and there was only one hotel rented for the both of them. And he denied her request for her own room. She also alleges that he suddenly appeared in the doorway in this room. He was naked. He dragged her onto a bed in a room. And that's when all the stuff that I just described happened. Now, I will say he is calling BS on this and saying that this did not happen. She's saying however, that he took advantage, like she needed the money. And he knew that. And he took advantage of the fact that she needed the money. And he knew that. And she's showing him civilly.


Yes. And did they I was release this, the, the lawsuit yet, or right now they're saying they're about to kind of like what Cast first? No, no, no, no. The docs are there because all the reports are attributing this to docs. To the docs. So the docs are there. So now how is country, how is country White Twitter reacting to this news? Are they making memes? Are they digging up old lyrics and old videos? Is country white Twitter conflicted about listening to his albums? Like no offenses sevens roping the Wind? Like I just, how, how are they reacting? I just, I'm just asking. I don't know. Last night I think people were just kind of talking about how crazy it was because of his wife. But Tricia Trisha Yearwood. Yes. His wife Tricia Yearwood. But as of this, mor mind you, yesterday when we talked about it last night, just amongst us, it was trending.


It's not trending on Twitter anymore. However, it's still, it is now trending across Google World in the us but it's not trending on Twitter anymore. Mm. But yeah, he's saying that this is an extortion. She's trying to shake him down. Wow. Yep. I don't even know a Golf Brooks record. I ain't even gonna front golf. Brooks is one of the biggest superstars, period. He's definitely one of the biggest superstars in country music. But he's one of the biggest superstars in, in America and, and globally period. Which is, it's mind blowing to me that you said this isn't trending on Twitter anymore. It's trending Across but bigger. It's trending across Google in the US though. So I mean, yeah, But where are the memes?


What, why are they not digging up old lyrics and old videos to see if there's any correlation? Maybe we just, because country artists ride country, that that genre rides for each other. They not gonna disrespect their legend and their icon like that. Well, I need, I need some folks from black Twitter to go make up some fake accounts and go infiltrate country white Twitter and start stirring some things up. Baby Garth Brooks said he's been going through this extortion and been hassled with threats and lies. It's like having a loaded gun in his waved in his face. Okay. Nah, they too busy doing it for for us. They not they for for our, they not gonna do it for that. But, but, but do You know a Golf Brooks record? I don't know Gar Brook. I mean, not that I can name off the top maybe if I hear it, but I know who, Who he is though. I just name three Gar Brook albums. Okay. No offenses. Sevens Roping the Wind.


I mean, Gar Brooks is a big, big, big, big, big, big, big deal. I didn't say he wasn't, I just don't know of, I know I know him in the name, but I don't off the top. I don't know the name of a song, but maybe if I heard it. But, we'll, I mean we'll keep you guys updated. What was happening over there. And And I mean And I. I don't know if I'm logged into country music Twitter, but I'm gonna try again and see You know you try To log in again If the memes are as funny over here on this side. Okay? Mm. Alright. All right. All right. Well that was just with the Mess with Laura Osa. Thank you Lauren. You're welcome. Now, well, we come back, we got front page news. Morgan will be joining us and then the baby will be in the building. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, you are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Now, congratulations to the Mets. They beat the Brewers last night for the wild card spot. They beat 'em four to two. And then Thursday night football, the Falcons beat the Buccaneers 36 to 30. All right, what we starting off with Morgan? Well, I really wanna start off with what's going on with the presidential candidates. But first just gimme My Money Make of America is suffering from an outage. Customers first reported problems accessing their accounts just before 1:00 PM on Eastern yesterday. On down detector there have been reports about not being able to log into accounts or account balances. Either not showing or displaying zero balances. A message saying accounts temporarily unavailable.


Greet some customers who are able to log in either online or using the bank's app. Now Bank of America has not said what is causing the issues, but of course I will keep you posted. Hopefully that issue gets resolved before the weekend. Meanwhile, former President Trump, he's focusing on Battleground states. He spoke at a rally in Saginaw, Michigan reminding voters that mail-in voting has begun in several states. Trump also criticized the Biden Harris administration for open borders claiming immigrants have overrun cities like Springfield, Ohio and Aurora, Colorado. Let's hear more from former President Trump at his rally in Michigan. We Have to be too big to Rig You know that two big to rig turn out and vote in record numbers too big for you.


You see what's happened with Springfield and Aurora, you see what happens, Springfield, Ohio, you see what's happening? Would you like to have that happen to you? No. So the former president says he would vocation migrants protected status and have them removed from Springfield, Ohio. He told News Nation, you have to remove the people and you have to bring them back to their own country. Trump and his running mate, Ohio Senator JD Vance, have made claims about Haitians eating pets. Now, state and city leaders have called those comments false and dangerous. Now, it also is important to note that Haitians living in the US or there are some Haitians living in the US under temporary protected status, which keeps them from being deported back to their nation, which is in turmoil.


Meanwhile, former a Republican Congress. Say that again. I said You know, it's interesting. It's amazing, yes. How much Donald Trump projects whatever he blames the other side for, it's their side that's actually doing. So when he says too big to rig his party is the one that's trying to rig things. Like I spoke about this on the Daily Show last night. I literally spoke about You know how they're already playing to steal the election. You know if, if, if, if they lose. So yeah, it is. He he projects whatever he blames the other side for their side is the one that's doing. Yeah, but it's easy for him to project, right? When you look at just some of the conversations that Trump Vance had, right? I looked at something yesterday and they had 62 interviews since August compared to Harris, I think only had 22.


And when you talk about our culture and the core of the people that they speak to, well, Harris has spoke to all the smoke and, and which, which was a great interview. But besides that, when is Harris gonna come out and start having these conversations, especially with, with her core, with the people that follow her? Well, how, how, how come she hasn't done The, Breakfast, Club. How come she hasn't done a lot of these other places where people do listen? I mean we're syndicated in oh, over what? A hundred markets and she hasn't come here yet. She hasn't come and did any of those big platforms in our genre. And it, and it is fd up. Trump does his call. Trump did, did aid and Raw Trump did Dr. Phil Trump did this one? Trump did that one. Where is Kamala Harris? That is a fact. They, that also sounds personal. No, no, no. Not just our No, no, but not just our But that's a whole other con that's a whole other conversation based on what I'm talking about though.


I'm just talking about the fact that he's accusing Democrats of a potentially rigging the election, but they're the ones that are actually doing things right now actively to rig the election. And I ain't gonna hold you, shaman. You actually had an amazing foresight in these thing when it comes to these type of things. So I wouldn't be surprised if exactly what you say ends up happening, because that's kind of how it's been in this election cycle. It's barely been fascinating. I don't know. But meanwhile, former Republican congresswoman Liz Cheney, she was on the campaign trail in Rye, PA Wisconsin yesterday with Vice President Harris. Now Cheney said Harris is standing on in the breach at a critical moment in our nation's history and working to unite reasonable people from all across the political spectrum.


Now Harris called Cheney a true patriot. Let's take a listen to Liz Cheney and VP Harris in Wisconsin. I Tell you, I have never voted for a Democrat, but this year I am proudly casting my vote for vice president Kamala Harris. Liz Cheney really is a leader who puts country above party and above self a true patriot. And it is my profound honor, my profound honor to have your support. With that being said, Madam vp, pull up to The Breakfast Club. There ain't gotta be just The, Breakfast Club. It could be a million dollars worth the game. It could be drink champs, it could be any one of these platforms that we had. Man, cut it out man. I mean she did all the smoke. It could be anyone of the platforms in these podcasts that are big.


It could be anyone for our culture. It could be Steve Harvey, it could be anyone. But I want to hear her talk to some of, to to her own people. Yeah, I I do agree. Like they are all focusing on battleground states as they should be. 'cause everybody says the election is gonna come down to the battleground states. So I get it. Yeah, but to what Envy said, the VP does have to speak to her base because I don't, I don't feel like she has her base completely locked up. You know. And she also doesn't have a lot of undecideds completely locked up because a lot of folks still don't know her, so, so what I think happened is when she became the, the nominee and they put her at the top of the ticket, I think it energized the base and a lot of people inside of the base were, were excited. The party was excited. But I don't know if that's translated outside of the party party just yet.


Alright, well switching gears. In the case of Tyree Nichols, all three Memphis police officers accused of killing Tyree Nichols have been found guilty on charges of witness tampering, but mixed verdicts on other charges. Now, Nichols Family Lawyer, Antonio Mucci, civil rights attorney, Benjamin Crump and Tyree Nichols, father Rodney Wells, they spoke outside the courtroom following the verdict on Thursday. Here's what they had to say. The remaining defendants have all been found guilty of one charge or more obstruction, conspiracy deprivation of rights causing bodily injury. This is justice for Tyree. It is very important to note that all of them were pointing the fingers at each other.


So all of them said that the others had something to do with the death of Tyree Nichols. We are all elated. We're all very, very happy that these guys have been put in jail. This is a long time coming and Justice Tyre. So we're just so very proud that all of them are going to jail today. Today Officers Darius Bean, Demetrius Haley, and Justice Smith were charged with violating Nichols civil rights by using excessive force. Bean and Smith were acquitted. Acquitted, excuse me, of civil rights charges. While Hailey was acquitted of violating Nichols civil rights causing death, but found guilty of violating his civil rights causing bodily injury, bean Hailey and Smith were on trial for the beating death of Nichols during a traffic stop in 2023.


Former officers, Desmond Mills and Emmett Martin, they accepted plea deals in exchange for their testimony. All five of the officers who were on the scene that night that Nichols died have been charged with second degree murder in state court and have pled not guilty. A trial date in state court has not yet been set, but of course You know I'm gonna watch out. And, I'm gonna keep y'all updated. And the last and most important story, happy homecoming to my HBCU Morgan State University Bears. We outside this weekend. Baltimore, what up? That's A story. That Was news. Yeah. Salute to the HBCU Morgan stage. Why Delaware State? Why are you wanna the HBCU U tour? Come on. It's HB CU Love here. Yeah, It's love. But like, like most important is like Delaware State University.


Like let's not do that. All the HBCUs are important. Salute to all the alumni. I don't, we sit here, we joke all the time's. The biggest and the best Hampton that's playing. We not gonna go there, but we just wanna salute to all the HBCUs for sure. You know we support all of Them. BCUs, it's not the most important story, but yes, HBCUs are important. Education is important, man. Upcoming is definitely important. Morgan would not be here without my HB CU. There you Go. Hey, facts, the National Treasure Morgan, Morgan State. But that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You could follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Happy Friday, y'all have A great weekend. Enjoy your weekend.


Don't get too drunk on the yard now Coming. All right, now when we come back, the baby will be joining us. His album or mixtape. How the f is this A mixtape is out right now and we gonna kick it with the baby when we come back. Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club just is on maternity leave. So Lauren Ro is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. So ladies and gentlemen, the baby's back. Welcome. It's a pleasure to be here man. Pleasure to be here. How you feeling my brother? I'm feeling great You. know what I mean? Wouldn't rather be nowhere else right now. I'm happy to have you here man. Nah, for sure. You got the mix tape. How the, is this a mix tape?


This a mix tape? I'm still trying to figure this. That's an album man. It should have been an album. Why not an album right now? Why not an album? You know we wanted to, we wanted to warm the pop back up You know And, and really more than anything it's more of like a reintroduction You. know what I'm saying? To to all the listeners, to the fans, to the supporters, to the the newcomers You. know what I mean? It's just a reintroduction. I feel like You know I done been away from so long. It's my first time putting my heart in a project in like four years. So no features. It ain't got nothing to do with no rollout. No, none of that You know what I'm saying? I wanted to just give him my authentic self. Be completely transparent You. know what I mean? And reintroduce the listeners to me. And as a person, You know what I mean? Beyond the artist and You know. Move forward from there. And then we come with the album right after though. Don't get it. Yeah. Don't get it.


I see you, you, you, you take the, the music as like, I would say how the essence used to be. Right? Right. The reason I say that is you do the mix tapes, you do the freestyles. Yeah. You pop up into clubs. Yeah. Even when it's a paid appearance of not paid in parents. Absolutely. You still get a, a whole lot of money to perform, but you still go to the small venues. Why is absolutely all of that so important? 'cause we don't see that with a lot of artists these days. The the most important thing about all that shit is being able to connect directly with the fan base You. Know what I'm saying? Everything else is, is Clouded You know when you talk playlist and when you talk this and that, all that got politics and, and factors that come into play that You know control You know how, how visible your music is or what have you. You know when, when it come to freestyle, I can give you current energy, I can touch on, on current topics and everything.


I can give it boom, straight to you. I don't gotta wait, I don't gotta upload it. Wait for the DSPs to get time to service it and all that, all that extra shout out to 'em when they do do it. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. But sometimes You know when it come to this art with with music, you want to just get it straight to the consumer You. know what I mean? The you need to know how I'm feeling today. What's the difference between for, for the consumer, what's the difference between a mix tape and an album Nowadays they don't give, they don't know You know what I'm saying? They just all about You know how you hype it up ahead of time. You know what I mean? And of course like a album is is You know. It's presumed to be, to be something that's just extra, just just a large, a large thing You know what I mean? In a moment that's coming, but I, I like, I'm more of a spontaneous person. You get what I'm saying? So I like the boom, just pop out with it and then yeah, let the music speak for itself and, and let it catch up with me.


Kind of like how it popped out with this one. Like You know I'm seeing, I'm, I'm like, what a week in come midnight it'll be a week that it done been out. But You know I'm, I'm slowly but surely seeing people You know what I mean? Understand like the type of body of work that I just put out. And that's what it's all about to me. Like that, that mean more than You know it being on this playlist for a day or for a week You know what I'm saying? Because somebody done broke bread or, or You know this or that You know what I'm saying? So I like, I like the organic And. I really want it. The organic. I want an organic climb back You. know what I'm saying? To the top, that's what I want because then it's not You know. I understand it for exactly what it is, but you keep talking about being canceled. You keep talking about being at the bottom, climbing back at the top. I ain't talking about it no more. Maybe I wasn't paying attention. I ain't see it that way man.


That's that. I i I don't see it that way. I appreciate that from you. I saw it because I know you don't, you don't. Yeah. You saw it. I saw it. Yeah. What you see now? What did you see? I I mean I feel like I I don't believe in cancel culture. Right? Completely. But I did feel like there was a time where you were like there, it was like quiet a bit and we weren't seeing you out as much because I forgot at one time you had the festival run. It was all the baby like Absolutely. Like if it was a festival, it had to be you mix tapes, dropping music, music, music songs. And then it just got really quiet after the whole situation. And now I feel like I, I see you slowly like you're dropping the, your, your freestyles online, you dropping the content. I watch you do that a lot and now we're here with the tape and you running back around. So I think it's coming back around. What I'm saying, how bad did it get? 'cause on the album you talk about of course you always talk about the money.


You were getting 500 a show and then it dropped so much. I You know that. How bad did it get to the point? Where did you think about You know what I'm, I get some money. I was finna get my jet. I was finna get all type of shit. I already had it. You know, figured out it. Yeah, I done talk about this plenty of times. But If you If you. But after fall you talking about, I'm talking about the paper. I'm talking about. Okay, okay, okay. Hell yeah. I ain't talking about the You know. I mean me, the music ain't never went nowhere. Like I You know I'm in demonstrating on the regular You. know what I'm saying? Anytime. Like anytime I feel like You know when they get the love and the, the attention from the media when they see that shit, they get that confused with You know who I am as an artist and what I gotta offer as an artist. That's when I get in that mode. Like I me up, I'm doing this song and this one I'm gonna pick the hottest songs out and I'm gonna burn them down. You get what I'm saying? And then I just leave everybody in.


Oh, you see it, you see it. This dude, 20 million views on damn Instagram. I wouldn't even put on YouTube, none of that. Or I go do it on somebody platform or whatever. And. I would just leave it at that But like I say, that, that all go back to me just holding myself accountable because I could apply that same amount of pressure to my own individual work. And that's why I come with this, this mixtape instead of a three pack or a single, I'm like that. I wanna put a whole tape out. And it went from, I mean, originally what we was gonna do, bro, we was gonna do what, like five, six songs. Ah, overnight You, know what I'm saying? Within like a week, like, man, hell no, I got 14 You. know what I'm saying? And shots to my team. 'cause they ain't, they finally like, yo, do you You? know what I mean? They like, do you? So I'm like, nah, I got 14 of 'em.


And all this is that I just recorded. So it's current energy, it's all the way there. And that's the way I prefer to put the music out You. know what I'm saying? You was telling us how bad it got though. You said Yeah, it bad, but it ain't nothing I'm dwelling. It ain't nothing I'm ding on You know And. I don't.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay. Okay, here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't know. I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout and we're living on the edge. Oh my God. I was not expecting that baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on tell Me something messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Definitely. Caria was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely expose the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt two seen dragged. I'm nk And this is basket case. So I basically had what back In the, the day they would call a nervous Breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, Look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a chauffeur the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


In a galaxy far, far away. No Babe, that's taken. We're in our own world, remember? Right? In our own world, we're two space cadets and Totally normal humans. Sure, totally normal humans Embark on a journey across the stars discovering the wonders of the universe. One episode at a time We'll talk about life, love, laughter, and why you should never argue with your copilot. Especially when she's always right. Right? And if we hit turbulence, just blame it on Mercury retrograde Or Emily's questionable space, piloting skills. Hey, join us on, in our own world for cosmic conversations, stellar laughs and Super corny dad jokes. Listen to in Our Own World, as a part of the Mike ura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't worry, we promise to avoid any black holes Most of the time.


How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I Quila Hughes and I'm so excited about my new podcast Rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky and try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I was A lady rebel. Like what does that even mean? I mean, the Boone County Rebels will stay the Boone County Rebels, but the image of It's right here in black and white in Prince a Lion, An individual that came to the school saying that God sent him to talk to me about the mascot Switch is a leader. You choose hills that you want to die on. Why would we wanna be the losing team? Right? That just, just take all the other stuff Out It. Segregation Academies. When civil rights said that we need to integrate public schools, these charter schools were exempt from this Bigger than a flag or mascot. You Have to be ready for serious backlash. Listen to Rebel Spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Really wanna speak on that? 'cause I'm ready for him to start giving me perfect. Giving me the five and the four. I feel like you've been past that though. I didn't even realize it was four years. That feel like longer than that, that long ass time. You get what I'm saying? Long ass time. I didn't had two kids, kids, I had two more kids. Like my baby's talking running around You know. They don't even one of my babies don't even know I'm a rapper. Like my my 4-year-old, she saw me on tv. Man, it, it up let's my daddy, daddy, you got a song. I say, yo baby gotta tell her mama. Like you don't, you ain't told my baby or daddy a superstar. What the hell you got going on You. know what I mean? But nah, it's all good man. Like You know more than anything man. I'm, I'm grateful to be here. And then at the same time I'm going through so much real shit personally.


Yeah. That like, I needed that You know what I mean? Because like me, like You know I'm one way, I'm missed the tunnel vision. Like when I got my mindset on something like it's, it ain't too much at all. They can, it was nothing that was gonna stop me from You. know what I'm saying? From getting what my heart desired You know what I mean? But if that ain't healthy for me, for my mental, for my, for my spiritual, if that ain't healthy for me, You know I'm going to run into a mother while You know it's a down spiral. And, and You know once you, once you come up off of that You know that's a, that's a beautiful space to be in You know what I mean? And that's where I'm at right now. You know, I mean And I feel like everything hit you at once. Like You know you, that all that situation happened. But then like you said, real life issues, grief from your brother, that happened first. So a lot of my aint understanding, like they You know I was really getting kicked while I was down You.


know what I mean? Like ain't even no one just because of like how You know how I carry it. Like I'm not, I wasn still wasn looking for sympathy. I wasn't looking for none of that You know what I'm saying? Like, so it's, yeah, I, I was hustling to, to god damn divert my attention from the, the real life I was going through You. know what I mean? But every year of me being, especially the first two years, my most successful You know what I'm saying? A time period in the game. Like I took the biggest losses of my life You know what I'm saying? I lost my father 2019 right after I dropped You. know what I'm saying? My debut project right after You know what I mean, month after. And then my brother 2020 while I'm the top streaming rapper in The, World You. know what I mean? And then the next year, boom, the the the whole big, the whole big cancer culture the very next year. So it's boom, boom, boom You. know what I mean?


So I kind of been, I kind of been dealing with the bullshit longer than I've been out here really doing my thing. So that's why I say You know I really got in a space to where like I kind of was You know, just losing my love for the art You know what I mean? And just, and just the sport of, of You know putting out music and, and marketing the music and just all that You know what I'm saying? All the, that I do in a way that no other artist does it You know what I'm saying? It was that type of You know, I I allowed this bullshit to, to steal my joy You know what I'm saying? For what I do and You know that's detrimental to, to my art You know what I'm saying? But it, the space that I'm in right now, You know you can kind of see it. It's kind of bleeding through If. you can't, you will soon. All we got more with the baby when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's djj, MV Jess, hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. We still kicking it with the baby, his mixtape. How the f is this A mixtape is out right now. Charlamagne You know they say staying busy as a response to trauma, right? Absolutely. That's exactly what it was When you lost your pops and your brothers. You you was super busy doing everything man. I flew out. So when things got a little bit quiet and you had to sit still. Exactly. That's when I, man look, everything you said everything. And this is where it got quiet. And I had to sit still. It was really covid that rolling Loud was my second show back. Covid was seemed like so long. Definitely wasn't a long time ago. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. So that was really like my second show back. So I had, I had stayed, I was able to stay busy enough like when it came to my pops and not only that like You know it was, it was a different situation.


And then my brother, you get what I'm saying? But I immediately, like, I dropped my, my debut, the second project, my second album really Baby On Baby was a mixtape. But I dropped my debut album Kirk You. know what I mean? That went number one. That was an honor of my father. That was my way of carrying the last name You know, I I did that. You know I did that when it came to my pops. We even had a conversation before he passed where he You know what I'm saying? Like you taught me something. You get what I mean? Like you You know you, you stuck to what you wanted to do. You did it your way. You taught me something. Now what's next? So we You know that situation was a little bit different. You know And, I was able to stay busy enough to You know, navigate through that or whatever. But You know when you talk about losing somebody to suicide, like that's a different thing. You know what I mean? Who was in your corner, four kids behind who was in your corner during that time?


'cause You know you, you are always in somebody's corner. You always reach out to your people who was like You know what? Put their arm around you to make sure that you're okay. Like emotionally, like of course spiritually when it come to what My brother, just to make sure that you okay. Nobody You know what I mean? Nobody. Hell no. Nobody just like who, who does the Go-to Guy go to? Right? You get what I'm saying? I'm, I'm the one that's in that's in the corners. You get what I'm saying? Like it ain't no Yeah, nobody, it You know what I'm saying? And it ain't even expected You know what I mean? Which ain't, that ain't healthy at all. But it's not expected of me. Like I'm kind of like a lot of people probably attempted to be You. know what I'm saying? But I don't You know. I'm that, that's just how I'm wired. That's how a lot of You know Black man wire. Like we don't, we taught to suck that and keep it moving. You get what I'm saying? Like, Hey bro, ain't no You know you gotta, you gotta deal with this You.


know what I'm saying? It's put in front of you You. know what I mean? So that's something that I really stand on and I'm, I'm really the shoulder to lean on more than the person looking to lean on the shoulder You. know what I'm saying? Like I won't even allow it You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't, it gotta be, it gotta be equal with me You know what I mean? When you start gonna therapy, I ain't even started it yet. I, I plan on starting it immediately You know what I mean? I plan on starting, I wanna have a conversation with you You. know what I'm saying? Off the air You know what I mean? When we get done and, and just so you can You know what I mean? Gimme some, some insight on that. And You know, lead me in the right direction. I got an idea of how I want to do it, but I want to get you You. know what I mean? What do you want to get out of therapy? Because most people I know when they go, it almost feels like somebody life grow You know what I'm saying? Like I want, and that was always my thing with it. I'm like, man, I ain't about to pay nobody to tell 'em my business. Like, but it ain't, it ain't even that like, and really what got me on it, right?


What got me on like, look, I'm, I'm about to start therapy. I want to do it is me working on my documentary. You get what I'm saying? So I did so much digging You know what I'm saying? Into my past and I'm, I'm calling my mama. I'm having conversations with her. I'm asking her questions You know what I'm saying? I'm calling this uncle, this uncle You know. And as they telling me these stories and they confirming certain stuff that, that's jogging my memory. Like I'm, I'm remembering more and more and then I'm, oh well what about this, what about, and yeah, boom, boom, I'm getting answers and I'm like, damn, hold on. Like I'm fucked up You. know what I'm saying? Like I'm really You know. It is, it is different. Yeah. And You know, like with this, with this smile and even how I came in, they're everywhere I go, they do this, do this smile and show your teeth like You know it, it is far more to me than, than what meets the eye You know what I'm saying?


It's, it is layers to like me. Like it's different And I know it ain't no different than than just about any other individual You. know what I'm saying? Like we You know, we, we kings we know how the God carry it and, and, and carry on You. know what I mean? But at the same time, You know, these kings need somebody to go to You know what, what I mean for sure ab now how difficult was it to go from the streets to the industry? And the reason I say that is You know when you in the streets and you get in a fight, you get in a fight, you go home. They go home. Yeah. But now when you in the industry, you get in a fight, they suing you, man. Look it And they suing the tail off of you. Right? Yeah. I I got my Ls in before I start getting sued, boy, I got my licks in You. know what I'm saying? But now, yeah, I don't, does it make me what? Like scared to put my hands up, run from everything. Absolutely all boy, I be a, I ain't, I ain't got time for that pimp up.


It's about 4 million on lawsuits, man. Like four or 5 million on Got facts or settling out or just fighting them. Nah, fighting a lot of that be bull. I don't put my hands on nobody that don't, that don't deserve it. You know what I'm saying? When I say deserve it, I ain't saying like, okay, I feel like you deserve a ass whooping. Like nah. Like, so that's why I don't get charged criminally with nothing like it. Don't, you feel me? Like I don't You know what I mean? Like I'm going, I like, you have to make me do that You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I just defend myself. That's all. I just defend myself. One of my favorite songs on the album is Ain't that a because I can relate but you, one thing you said you are willing to reconcile with some of these people. If they admit they was wrong, you better than me. That's me. But, but I ain't though. That's one thing about me too.


Like I ain't ain't No Records. I'm only talking about probably like one mother when it come to that. But I ain't no you can goddamn feel me. It ain't Nah because it ain't, I keep it, I keep it it you real for that You know what what I'm saying? Like, and anybody I they know like it ain't no You know the proof is in the pudding when it come to me. Nah, I can get a pain in that song though. It's like you do things for people. You help people don't never gossip about how you help 'em. Hell nah. It ain't gonna say a word You, know what I mean? But, but the, the thing about this like with me, like it's really, I don't even gotta talk about what I done did for like, I don't gotta do that You know what I mean? So when it come down to that, it just be like, damn, ain't that a You? know what I'm saying? Like, I, I just leave it right at that. That's why I came with that song. And, I feel like that's something everybody got a situation or a particular relationship or something. You know what I mean? Along the way in they journey that they can, that they can immediately relate to that record You.


know what I mean? You get what I'm saying? You have to change all that though. Did you have to change the people around You? Did. Did you see artists switch up on you and, and people that you thought were family switch up on you? Absolutely. Hell yeah. Was that the hardest? Was that the hardest? What? What artists? No, I family and the people that you thought were your family switch up on you. Was that the hardest thing to deal with dealing with that? It, it wasn't hard dealing with that. 'cause I was born into this cutthroat, right? So like that type really ain't like You know. I, I grew up the, the environment I grew up in, man. Like You know, like your family members are goddamn steal your shit. You look for it, you get what I'm saying? It's like that. So it's, I'm, I'm used to that. See that's what a lot of mother know. Like when it come to me, like that part I know anybody across you, I been through that You, know what I mean? That be where a lot of mother where I had them fool too.


Like they thinking sweet. They not knowing like I done already in the streets. I done done that type of, you get what I'm saying? And so that part, it's whatever the hardest part with it is severing the ties with the motherfucker. You do like that that particular You know what I'm saying? Group and understanding like, like them, like really processing it. Like nigga you got damn tripping. You acting like one of them type niggas. You, you tripping You know. That's the, that's the hardest part to me. But like when they, anybody I done met through like You know music or, or some other shit that man we ain't, I'm not So you don't trust nobody. Trust my daughter. I trust my daughter. I trust people to be themselves. Man. At the end of the day, You know I trust people to be themselves. And I know a person is is I know it's human nature to preserve You. know what I'm saying? Your own best interest this way.


I know I never be a lick. I ain't never been a successful lick. Like it ain't gonna happen. You might think, you might think it's goddamn going there, but ask around, run Bump into these mother, ask him how it end up going or just look You. know what I'm saying? You seen enough? Yeah. Seen enough video. Yeah. It ain't, we know how, I ain't talking about like responding that way though. But I'm just saying like it ain't know you got a pushover what you're saying. Yeah. It ain't not. And not even no pushover. It's just like, like I do, I do things righteously got at the end of the day, even when I get on a, even when I put my, and that's why I I I make it through these. That's why I got overcome any of these obstacles. 'cause if I goddamn do something, I did it righteously. Whether it's, whether it's goddamn something that's considered good or if it's something, if it's, or if it's goddamn if I kill, I did it righteously.


You get what I'm saying? So I'm going home. I'm not doing nothing that I ain't supposed to be doing at the end of the day of the day. There's trauma that comes with that too. And you've had to do that. You had to defend yourself. Yeah, absolutely. But I'm sure there's some trauma that comes with that. Like of course You know anytime somebody, somebody's life is lost You know it. Whether knowingly or not You know it probably definitely got some type of effect on you, you feel me? But like I say, like I'm, I operate righteously You. know what I'm saying? Everything I do. So I'm okay with whatever results I get from that. Now if I'm doing something un righteously, which I don't do, that ain't even how I'm rocking. I don't even gotta do that. But I'm gonna do something unrighteous the hell. Yeah. That will hunt me every single day. Come, can we play a joint off the album? I would love to Album something. I think fat can go for the radio. Fat, fat is definitely the the the radio jump Fat is, I already knew what fat was.


I really could have just came with that as a single. But I'm like, nah, they gotta get the person. Alright, well let's get into it. It's called Fat. PHAT. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. That was Fat from the Baby that's off his album. How the f Is this a mixtape or a mixtape? Whatever you wanna call it. He's in the building. We're chopping it up with him now. Charlemagne, I wanna ask you about Hollywood Freak. No Little Hollywood freak because it made me think like what's what, what's what's more enjoyable? A Hollywood freak or 7 0 4 ratchet. 7 0 4 Ratchet. I'm Hollywood freaks weird. Then the Yeah, I can vouch. Yeah, I can vouch. I can vouch or a nice, yeah, a nice ghetto thing. But you also say you hate a nice chick. You got a song called I Hate a Nice Chick. Now when I say a nice ghetto thing, I don't mean a nice No, I mean like nice. He mean like Built nice, look nice, Not even built like You know.


Just, Just nice. Yeah, but not like nice, like friendly, Not Friendly. Yeah, because not on Hate Nice shit. I hated Nice. I hate nice shit. Hate friendly. So you don't want a chick that got madness and what up when she with me? But everybody else except me and your daddy. Oh, I get, oh, so you don't want her to be friendly with other people, is what you're saying? No. You say I got too much op out here. Okay, I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying. It ain't about I don't got ops. You say it ain't your song. I say I don't got too many ops out here, but You know I got shots. Like I'm at the bar. I don't got ops, but I keep shots plenty on. He you I the Ball. This is Mix man. Listen, during, during all this stuff you faced, man, I just want to know, you always appeared confident and strong in public, but I wonder, If you projected that confidence as a way to convince yourself that you weren't going through what you were going through.


Absolutely. And that's like what? That's, that's a, that's a problem that I feel like You know. A a lot of black men in particular have like, this is what we literally gotta do You. know what I'm saying? Like it ain't nobody else to where, okay, you get pulled over God damning You. know what I mean? Then wanna shoot you off the rip You. know what I mean? So it's like we we been conditioned to be like this for, for so long, not to even get too revolutionary. You get what I'm saying? But it's like, it's a real thing. Like I didn't have police goddamn try to kill me several times. Wow. You know what I'm saying? Like felt it like, oh, these finna kill me. Like when you, when you already got four, five on, you probably was about six. And they still saying, stop resisting, gimme your hands. And they already about to break your arm.


It's like, hold on, you already got 'em. Like what? You You know what's going on. You get what I'm saying? When they start moving in slow motion, You know something gonna happen You know what I mean? So it's like, yeah, I'm You know so many, so many different scenarios and situations, but just me just being a a, a black man who stand on morals and principles, period. I'm in danger every second. I step out the door. And, I can't show weaknesses. I can't, you feel me? I'm conditioned to believe that I can't show weaknesses because as a black man, they preyed upon like the second I, I feel like I, I showed vulnerability as an artist. I saw it get preyed upon. You get what I'm saying? Like from the, from from everywhere You know what I mean? From the media to every, like, I saw it and I'm like, oh, got me up.


Like they don't You know what I'm saying? Like I really don't You know it is really this way. But at the same time, You know. That's just, that's a never ending, a never ending process to navigate through. You get what I'm saying? And And I think the best way to navigate through any process is gracefully. And that's what I'm on You know what I mean? Instead of being combative with the, or whatever like that. Too much energy. And I a person like me, I could easily be consumed with it You know what I'm saying? Like I got, I started making music for the haters. Like what the fuck am I doing? Right? I started making music to where I'm only addressing these ass feel this way about I'm tripping. They not, they not the ones who buy, you get what I'm saying? I seen the fans say, damn, you got them showing them more loving than us. We want to got them You know. We we the ones that love you. So it's like You know and, and everybody like, be careful.


Anybody, whatever it is that you do like, like don't get tricked in the You. know what I mean? Like allowing your purpose to become proven. The the hater I done already did that. Like it ain't nothing the hater can take from me. You dig what I'm saying? It's nothing a hater can take from me. You gotta come take something from me that is hard to take. That's it. You get what I'm saying? But other than that, like You know, don't get lost in the sauce. I got lost in the sauce. Right? I'm real enough to say that got lost in the sauce and allowed myself to goddamn get tricked outta my position. I'm glad And I hold myself a thousand percent accountable for that. And I'm glad you started the baby Cas. Absolutely. So other people don't get lost in the sauce. Absolutely. And in no way, shape or form, You know human should be in the first in line Absolutely. For your own program, bro. That's what I'm saying.


Like that's something I've been, I've been advocating You know what I mean? Like for the past two weeks, like, I need this. So it's like when people say You know what's the, it's something that I need You. know what I mean? I'm a grown ass man. And I know You know. I know me at, at this age could have utilized this program. I know my nieces can need this on my nephew. I know plenty people bro. Plenty millions of people around The, World You. know what I mean? And that's what I started the baby cares for. Shout out to Tammy for helping me take that all the way up through there. That's something I've been wanting to do You know what I'm saying? But now I can do it like on, on a large scale. And And I love the, the recognition that it's getting because it's, I can already see it You know what I'm saying? Drawing people in the, I already know what time I I be seeing copy every goddamn thing else I do. So You know, hopefully it light of fine somebody else to go on the journey of healing.


Absolutely, bro. I saw you said on Sway the baby had to sit down so that you could take care of Jonathan. What is taking care of Jonathan? It's really all this collectively, like number one is holding myself accountable so I can identify the things that I do need to tend to, you get what I'm saying? Rather than God damn diverting and, and deflecting You know what I'm saying? And, and blaming it on this or this. So man, I'm going through this because of this or because of that. Like, nah, like I done did plenty of ahead of time that that even got people to even think about You know, placing me in this type of box You. know what I'm saying? So I gotta hold myself accountable for these things. But it's, it's just moving better You. know what I'm saying? And, and, and getting organized, getting on top of my business, getting on top of my personal life. You know I'm John.


I'll be in Jonathan, be in the gym now You know what? I'm grab the baby. I do need that Need Because I was running around. No, I do Need that. Y'all can really come on with some of that. I'm not and this baby oil, but nah, I mean it and, and You know and taking care of the people That yeah, rather them be in the gym. But I ain't been in it like three, four days. So this really You know this ain't even Okay. You know what I'm saying? Damn Lord, baby oil. Put something on. I don't wanna put the baby oil oil, y'all. Okay? I don't wanna get you in trouble. She single as a mother. As a mother. Okay. Back to one second here, Jonathan. She's single. You said you wanna take Care of Jonathan. No, that's not what Oh my God. We are not doing this. You wanna take care of Jonathan?


I can we move on. It's up to you. We're notate we are not doing this. Okay. I appreciate you for joining us, brother. I appreciate y'all having me, bro. Every Tom is always a pleasure to be in the room with y'all You. know what I mean? Yes. Whether it's here or there or everywhere. It's The, Breakfast Club. It's the baby that morning everybody. We are The Breakfast, Club. Let's Get to just with the mess with Lord. Let's get your head done. Just Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't spare nobody, nobody worldwide mess On The, Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Who? Lauren. Lauren Back. And. I got the mess.


Talk to me. Now before we hop into some things I did wanna mention, we talked about Garth Brooks and the trending versus not, since that happened, he has began Twitter trending across Twitter. He's at the bottom, he's number 30. He's trending in country music right now. And I did go through You know the hashtags and see what people were talking about. A lot of it is these people You know alleging that this is all happening because he decided to come out and support Kamala Harris, which is, yeah. So I did wanna mention Is that their version of that, their version of Gar Brooks is trying to buy NBC? Yes. Yes. Yep. That's what it is. Oh, Got What it, yep, yep, yep. Okay. But moving on today is Rich Homie Quan's birthday. So You know sending a happy birthday to him.


I know his family is You know, just trying to be in comfort today. He also, or they also released a album in celebration of his life today. It's called Forever Going In. Ironically it's 34 songs. And in the caption it mentioned in it's 34 songs, which is the age that Rich Homie Quan Passed Away, which is the age that Rich Homie Quan passed away at. Let's take a listen to the intro That started mixing that Snitch Donkey today goes to Rich Homie Quan on the Dock right across the street. Now you hear yourself in there Sharla. He has your Donkey Today intro in there as well. And, and the song is about him not falling off, getting back to music, letting people know he's here, he's outside. And that, that the tape is gonna be a good one.


I did take a listen and it's good. Like he, he mentions his flow and how his flow kind of originate a lot of the Atlanta artists. He mentions Gunna and Gunna flow in there and saying that You know he originated a lot of that. I didn't get to listen to all 34 songs, but it's good so far from what I heard. Rest in peace. The Rich only coin 34 songs. It wouldn't, if it's a posthumous tape, wouldn't you split that up? That's a lot of music. Well, they did. That could've been two. That could have been a couple projects. I'm sure they did it 'cause that's his age. It It represented his age. Yeah, I think do four years old, I think. Yeah, I think they just wanted to make that a thing as well too. I don't, I don't know. They didn't specify why that decision was made, but yeah, he He must have a lot more music in the vault if they put out 34 songs. Right. Okay. Well, yeah, I, I'm pretty sure they do.


But You know, I hope.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay. Okay, here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't know. Okay. I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout method and we're living on the edge. Oh my God. I was not expecting that baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on Tell Me something messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts,


Decia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere, a podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I'm Akah Hughes and I'm so excited about my new podcast, rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky and try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I Was a lady rebel. Like what does that even mean? I mean, the Boone County Rebels will stay the Boone County rebels, but the image Of It's right here in black and white in Prince a Lion, An individual that came to the school saying that God sent him to talk to me about the mascot Switch is a leader. You choose hills that you want to die on. Why would we wanna be the losing team? Right? That just, I just take all the other stuff Out of segregation Academies. When civil rights said that we need to integrate public schools, these charter schools were exempt from bigger Than a flag or mascot. You have To be ready for serious backlash. Listen to Rebel spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


In a galaxy far, far away. No babe, that's taken. We're in our own world, remember? Right? In our own world, we're two space cadets and Totally normal humans. Sure, totally normal humans embark On a journey across the stars discovering the wonders of the universe. One episode at a time, We'll talk about life, love, laughter, and why you should never argue with your Copilot. Especially when she's always right, Right? And if we hit turbulence, just blame it on Mercury retrograde Or Emily's questionable space, piloting skills. Hey, join us on, in our own world for cosmic conversations, stellar laughs and super Corny dad jokes. Listen to in Our Own world, as a part of the My Cultura Podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't worry, we promise to avoid any black holes Most of the time.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm Jessica Capshaw and this Is Camilla Luddington. And we have a new podcast. Call it What it Is. You may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did You know that we are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent I'm coming offers because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've Got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to call it what it is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Today, they feel some love.


And we are going to move on to a comment. I'm sorry to Eminem. Eminem is a granddad. Did y'all see that? No. Y'all didn't see it? Oh No, y'all didn't see It. I did see it after 50 posted it yesterday, right? Yes. Yeah, I did see That yesterday. Yeah. And y'all like, that's exciting. We should clap for that. Salute him. Yes, Absolutely. So Eminem, who's 51 now is a granddad. His daughter Hailey, who is 28. He dropped his temporary music video. Remember we talked about he had dropped all this music speaking to his kids and as if he didn't make it through his drug addiction. So he dropped a a video for it. And in the video there's like a bunch of home videos of of Hailey and the other kids while they're younger. And then they cut to this one video where he's surprised, like she sits him down. She brings out this jersey.


The jersey is a blue jersey, but I don't know if she's having a boy or a girl. And on the back of the jersey it says it's a straight lines Jersey. That's Why. Oh, well still I'm, I don't know if that symbolizes anything too the color, but she gives him a sonogram and she gives him the jersey that says Grandpop number one. And he, How old is she now? 28. She's 28 years old. That's okay. I'm cool with that. I I was just sitting back thinking, okay, 51, I'll be 51 in five years. Do I want to be a granddad in five years? No. 'cause my oldest daughter only be 21. But 28 is 28 is a 28 is a Yeah. That's that's a good, that's a good age. She's 28 and she's married. She remember she's married em and m walked her down the aisle. So She You know she locked In. She's in a and 50 cent posted about this and posted some photos of them and he said, man, a baby is not a baby anymore because congratulations man.


We getting old. Shaking my head. So No, not getting we there y'all are there. You already there, baby? Yep. Ancient. Don't say ancient. It's a blessing. It's a blessing. I wouldn't want it no other way. Age. It is a blessing. It is. The, The opposite of not aging is being dead. So, hundred percent yes. Let's take it. I'm happy. Well, another happy couple news. Jennifer Hudson and Common had a conversation on air during her show about some marriage comment that he's made. Let's take a listen to Hu comment on Jennifer Hudson. I heard you been even out there talking about marriage. Ken, what's that About? I was asked about marriage. Yes. I just answered honestly. I said You know what? You told me a quote that your mother said, A man knows what he wants.


I was just saying, I was saying my true feelings about Jennifer is the person, if, if I should be married, it will be to Jennifer Kate Huss. I was just being honest. Yes, but where, where do you stand on that? Where, where are you? Where this on me. Where you in? Married You know What? That's the question my mother was right? I think that, I think if she hadn't met you, she said, I don't know about the rest of 'em, but that come and it's all right with that's what she would say. And I would agree. I think it's a beautiful thing. I think you are a deserving man. And You know I support that idea. I think it's a beautiful idea. Why don't they just go ahead and do it? Yes. I I'm gonna tell you something common. You missed the best opportunity propose Yes. Right then and there.


I thought it was gonna happen as soon as soon as she said what she said, that last line you should have got down on your knees. It would've been a surprise to her. Yes. It would've been a surprise to the audience. You should have proposed right then and there. You missed a great opportunity. I don't he Knew that she Was gonna bring that up. Question. I don't knew. Should asked question Because those comments were made over the summer, you guys. So he was here in July on The Breakfast. Club. And he made those comments. And then he was in Philly as well and, and made the comments again. And I. I don't know if he knew, he didn't know he was there to promote him and Pete Rock were at her show to promote their recent album. The Auditorium volume won. So I, I don't know if he knew, but it would've been a Didn't ask the questions. It would've good. It would've Been so good. Now let me ask you a question, Lauren. All right. You're a woman, right? Yes. Okay.


You had to ask me that. I don't know what you, I mean, You know things every day. I don't wanna, I don't wanna assume I she or my she. How many times can a man say if I was to get married it would be to you and it would be considered a compliment. You only can get that off a couple times. Yeah. Now after this it's like, what? Like what are we doing? That's Right. Like Common has said it enough where it's like, oh my God, That is so cute. That's right. He's Confirmed how she felt and publicly now after this next time you bring this up, baby Yeah, bring it up with the ice. But, but we all know Common is very, very artsy. You know. He plans the things. So I'm sure when he It's, it's gonna be amazing. Like Common ain't just gonna be on a regular random street and do it. And I. It's gonna be amazing. And I will say it's common. I didn't know if You know I made these comments when I was here last, like the ghost, ghost hosting go around.


Yep. I didn't know if this was gonna last. 'cause common be in and out. It'd be seeming serious. And then he he he'd be out. She got him. He there. Common serious. I'm happy for them. Go on Like common salute To common. Congratulations early on the engagement. 'cause it's gonna happen if it hasn't already, we'll, we'll see. I don't know. Alright, well that was just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Charlaine. Yes sir. Who you giving that down to? Man? Salute the Atlanta man. There's a brother in Atlanta named Brandon Dillard. He's was known as a top veneer specialist in Atlanta. Okay. We need him to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a world with him this morning. Alright, we'll get to that next. So don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club Donkey of the Today.


Damn, the Heehaw. Did it start for Donkey of the Today? Keep up. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They called Donkey of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne, who got the donkey today? Today, Well, just hilarious Donkey. Today for Friday, October 4th goes to a young man named Brandon Dillard. Now Brandon Dillard is known as a top veneer specialist in Atlanta. SLU to everybody who listens to us in Atlanta. He has a practice called a-List. Smiles in Atlanta. I I went to their Instagram page and they have 160,000 followers.


They tout themselves as Atlanta's top veneer specialist and trainer. They say you can DM three photos of your T for a free quote. You can call them at four oh four. I don't wanna give the number out. I might as well bootleg or no, my call is at, couldn't call it at (404) 254-3169. And they're open Monday through Friday, 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM Eastern. They have a picture of Brandon Dillard as the profile pick and If. you look on their page, you see a bunch of what looks like satisfied customers. Okay? They look like satisfied customers to me. They're flashing their now a-list. Smiles. He charges $5,500 for the veneer procedure.


I saw specialist and trainer in his bio as well. So I went to look and see what type of training. And what Brandon does is he holds training sessions for people across the country and he holds these training sessions to teach them how to do veneers. He charges more than $6,000 to teach you how to be a veneer specialist. Now you would look at that page and you would say to yourself, look, another black-owned business thriving in Atlanta. Young brother out here, making sure your breath don't stink by fixing your root canal, filling in your cavities. Gotta salute that. Right wrong. See, yesterday Brandon Dillard and a-List Smiles were rated by district attorney investigators and Atlanta Police. Why were they rate it. Let's go to W-S-B-T-V for the report please.


Investigators Rated what looks like a high-end dental practice in Northeast Atlanta. Check out social media. You see the specialty of a-List smiles Atlanta veneers. It Does look reputable. It does look professional. And that's part of the scan To his 157,000 Instagram followers. Brandon Dillard promoted himself as Atlanta's top veneer specialist and trainer, but he's not showing off that expensive smile in this booking photo on eight felony charges, including practicing dentistry and medicine without a license and theft by deception. Is Brandon Dillard a dentist? Brandon Dillard is not a dentist. He's never been a dentist. And as much as he may want to play one on Instagram, he is not one.


Fulton County District attorney Fannie Willis tells me only licensed dentists can do this kind of work in Georgia. If, you went to this and you thought it was a dental office and you looked at the equipment. It appears to be legitimate, but that's what the best fraudsters do, is they do everything they can to make themselves look legitimate. And in this case, the problem is the consequences are to one's health. Damn. It's somebody out there listening to us on 96 won the beat and they went the a-list smiles to get they teeth done. Lord have mercy. Brandon Dillard, hop up out their bed, turn my scam on. Took a look at these teeth and said, what's up? Listen, imagine you go to the dentist thinking you're in good hands thinking you're about to walk out with an a-list smile.


But instead you get great value for this. All of y'all who went to a-list, smiles might as well say you got your teeth from Timus. Okay? Smiles by sheen is what you, what you should have called your practice, Brandon. Okay? Fashion moles. All right, listen, you got your teeth installed by somebody who probably watched a couple of YouTube videos and thought to themselves, yeah, I can do this. Okay? Which is what I don't understand. If you're inspired to be a dentist and you spend all this time and energy into setting up a fake practice, getting in office, getting all the equipment you need to be a dentist, then why the hell didn't you just take your ass to school to be a dentist? I wanna play a guess a, a game, a guess what race it is.


But what's the point? We all know this is niggas nigga. All right? Listen, just because you can fix your own car doesn't mean you are a licensed mechanic who can start their own mechanic shop. By the way, salute to all the people in rural America who aren't licensed mechanics. But now, but know how to change an alternative. Okay? Drop on a clues bomb for those individuals. Alright? You are appreciated. But working on my car and working on my mouth are two completely different things The same way you can't play boxing the same way. You can't play with standup comedy. That's how I feel about playing, playing like a dentist. Okay? I, I feel like that playing like a dentist time is a hundred time being a playing, being, playing, being a dentist is, is is worse than all of that just because you have nice teeth. Just because You know how to floss and love to play in other people's mouths doesn't mean you are a licensed dentist.


Brandon Dillard, the biggest reason you should be ashamed of yourself is because of what I said previously. You spend all of this time, energy, and money into pretending reality as we know it is the thing of the past folks, okay? People would rather put the work in to pretend to be something they are not, as opposed to putting the work in to actually accomplish real goals in life. Now you got folks walking around Atlanta with counterfeit choles, okay? Phony, pearly whites, black market moles. And why? I bet he acted surprised when they raid the place too. Okay? If I was to lay the police, I'll be like, Negro, knock it off. You know why we here? Brandon is now being charged with eight felonies, including practicing dentistry without a license, practicing medicine without a license, and theft by deception.


Turn my scam on my brothers, my sisters. There is no right way to do the wrong thing. And this young man had the opportunity and clearly God given skills to do the right thing. And he chose not to simply because he didn't want to do the work of going to school, which makes no sense to me because this level of scamming is hard work. The DA says, Brandon's business looked reputable. He said it does look professional, which is part of the scam. Da Fannie Willis said, If, you went to this and you thought it was a dental office and you looked at the equipment, it appears to be legitimate, but that's what the best frauders do. She said, she said they do everything they can to make themselves look legitimate.


And in this case, this is an illegitimate operation. Once again, I don't understand why a person would go through all of this just to create something that is a sham. You coulda went to school. You can't scam your way to true success. That's the moral of the story. You can't scam your weight to, to true success. All right? There are no shortcuts to true excellence. There are no shortcuts to success. In fact, If, you take shortcuts, you get cut short. Please give Brandon Dillard the biggest hee-haw. Hop up out that bed and turn my scam on small. I'm gonna look at it and see how they look. It's like Charlemagne said, it's very impressive that he was able to do all those damn veneers with no license, no, no classes, nothing good too.


Like you could tell like, like if he would've just put the energy to just going to school, getting his license and doing it, let's think You know. Like he's done this without a license. Yeah, You know what's crazy. I always say that I feel like doctors, dentists, dermatologists, like they actually have a God-given gift. I truly believe this. I believe that God anointed certain people to do those tasks. Yeah, but you still have to go to school and You know, get your license and everything else. So clearly he had the gift. He just didn't wanna put the work in to go to school to get his license. Which makes no sense to me because look at his practice. Yes, you got all this nice equipment, he looks good You. know what I'm saying? And it's like, You know what you're doing, just go to school. But the comic be, people are saying they like him. They like, they're saying they actually like the work that he's done.


No, I'm looking at it right now. It looks really good. It's not. It's not the big cheap teeth, the embarrassing ones like Ellen, Not the horse teeth. No, No, it looks good. I will say in the beginning people would be like, oh, I didn't have the money. But he was, he was booked. Everybody. He got people on his page. He Does. But once again, we all know the, we all know the person in the hood. We all know the person in the rural area. Who knows how that that could really get down how to, who knows how to change the alternator, who probably can You know, take your, take your engine out, all of that stuff. And he don't got no license. But that's a big difference. Play doing your car and doing your mouth is two totally different things. Yeah. And, I understand that You know this man, Brandon is only charging $5,500, but it's still illegal. Why wouldn't he just go to school? Why he wake up in the morning talking about Hoppa, about that bad.


Turn my scam on. Why And I. Wonder who his first client was. Like, who was the first person you tried? Popped it up. Did it was like, You know. Let me try do to see if this works because you need to see. Yes. They want you to sleep. I'm yo what the heck? That's scary. So who's his anesthesiologist? Is that person licensed correctly? I have no idea, but I ain't letting yo what? I'm not letting you stick my my gums with no needle. And you don't know how to, you ain't got no license. And then they, they, they was doing raffles. They had the raffle announcements. $25 per entry, a hundred dollars for six entry winner. Get a full set for $1,500. Lord have mercy. T Kemp is on his page. I don't know if he did T Kemp, but she was on here promoting his veneer collection.


Mm. You think they'll let him do that in jail? Probably. Yo, you go to jail, talk about you playing and somebody might watch what happened to you. You gonna be welcome with open arms and open mouse. That's crazy. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today, sir. Alright, now let's talk about homecoming. This is homecoming season. Homecoming start this weekend. And our very on Lauren Osa is very excited about homecoming season. I she's, she's already telling people, look, don't call me. I'm not driving. I'm getting lit this whole weekend. It's gonna be a movie. So let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Yes. To people go into homecoming as is this their chance to cheat when nobody knows?


Is this their past? What kind, what kind of toxic ass question? Who, who came up with this toxic ass question? Laura LaRosa. I didn't come up with this question, but that is a thing at homecoming. People come to homecoming and they act like whatever is happening in their real lives, their recent marriages, their families don't exist. They wanna act like they back in college and they try to hook up with them old flings and all that. All Right, well let's open up the phone lines and find out. (800) 585-1051. When you guys out there going to homecoming, is this your chance to, to do what you gotta do and then come back home like nothing happened? Is it like what happens at homecoming? Stays at homecoming. Imagine bringing gonorrhea home from a alumni party. Your old ass. You take your old ass. You should have said crabs. You should have said crabs. Take your old ass to swag surf and you get gono ribs said crabs, and you get gonorrhea and take it back to your significant other man.


You better sit down somewhere. Well, let's discuss. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club. We're asking is homecoming season when you go to homecoming coming season, is it your chance to while out and then come back to your significant other? That is the question. The reason I'm asking that is because both of you and Morgan said y'all about to get lit on campus. You already, you said, I'm not driving. You said I'm about to get drunk. I'm gonna be drunk the whole weekend. I gotta watch myself so I could pace myself. So Mr. You man, what that got to do with sex? Nothing. You said that don't got nothing to do with sex. Nothing I said has anything to do with sex. And I'm also single. Right. But I will say, and then He just wanted you to say that he just wanted you to, he set you up to say that.


See, he just wanted you to say you were single. Can we cut the zoom? Can we cut the zoom? Oh. But I will say that people do come back to homecoming. It's not just HBCU homecomings as well. 'cause I, I done been to ud, I done been to Temple as well. People could come to homecoming and they wanna relive their glory days. And a lot of times the glory days meant you weren't in a relationship. And they wanna link up with those old flings who are doing a lot better now than they were when you seen them. And I mean it's a thing that it literally is a thing that happens. Well, I I've been to a bunch of homecomings. Usually I bring my wife away if my wife is not there. I work And I, take my ass right back to my hotel as you should. I Ain't playing And I End people. And when I was in a relationship, IIII didn't play no games about the Homecoming. 'cause we went to two different schools.


I wanna know where you at, what you doing. And also I'm coming down for the homecoming. Introduce me to all the, the sisters that you've been hanging out with all year. Mm. Okay. Ja, talk To me. What's up Ja, talk to us. So yeah, man, I will say that based off experience, not my own, just guys that I know I played ball with and fraternity. Your girls should not be allowed to go to homecoming alone. And that is not a sexist statement. I've seen it. You you seen when See I've been out there. Go ahead. I'm sorry. And. I said, you see when they go to homecoming is is they forget they got a husband at home. Hey, it's different. Why would you go back to homecoming without your man? Anytime I fly, she's coming with me. Because by this time we go back, she girls is on their second or third marriage.


They deployed single, you name it. So yeah man, it's different out there. I done been to every homecoming in the Midwest and a few in the south. I'm going to Howards in a couple weeks. It's different out there. It's not Going alone. It's not just the women though. It's it's the guy. It's both parties. It's the guys and girls. Black men. Don't you Ashley? Yes. Now, now this says Ashley, you already got them calls. Are you coming to Homecoming? They want to see you. They want whole thing back. They been hearing you all week, haven't they? The little check-ins Already Albany Stay homecoming next weekend. Already getting a call. Are you married or in a relationship? I'm not. But that doesn't stop the phone call. No, that doesn't mean that anything is happening. But they definitely make the call. Ashley, What school you go to?


Well, here's the weird part. I actually didn't even go to this school. I'm from the city. It's my hometown, Albany State. So you just used to be one of them on campus. You you used one of 'em chicks on campus. Well, You know it is what it is. What school? Ashley, you ain't gonna tell us. I did Say Albany State. Albany State. Albany State. Okay. So Are any of the people reaching out to you now married or in relationships? They definitely are. Oh God. And and so the vibe is what happens at homecoming Stays at homecoming. That's their vibe. It's, it's entertaining to me and my friends. But You know it happens. Oh, group chat comedy is up a thousand points this week. Thank you, Ashley. Exactly. And for people that don't know, Albany State is actually in Georgia, not Albany, New York.


Did You know that? I thought she was talking about the Albany New York. But the one in Georgia is the HBCU. Yeah. HBCU. That makes sense. I I wonder what the people in their fifties say about the old horse that they know in their fifties. Like the, the You know the, the, the the old horse. Like the one that you, they say one the yard. Yeah. The ones that You know, especially like when she said she ain't even go to the school, like the ones that came from other schools and was probably letting people run trains on them and all kind of stuff. Like what do, what do you say when you see them at homecoming? I'm not 50, but I will tell you when we be seeing them and she A lawyer now When we be seeing them like with babies and married, we be like, man, look at her. Go ahead girl. Hello. Look at her. She, she was a whole and she got married and, and got kids. And look at you. Damnit. Hello. This out here. Single.


Hello. Who's this? Yo, this airline fool from VA Airline Fool for va. What's up brother? What's up?


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay. Okay, here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't know. Okay. I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout method and we're living on the edge. Oh my God. I was not expecting That Baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on tell Me something messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder A one-woman. WikiLeaks Daphne exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk And this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and Like, what's the history behind bacon wrapped Hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am mate. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back Season two. Season two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, we pushed record. Right? Okay. And this season we're taking and a run bigger bite Out of the most delicious food and its history, Saying that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh. So All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century BC BC I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My Cultura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I quila Hugs and I'm so excited about my new podcast, rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky and try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I was a lady Rebel. Like what does that even mean? I mean the Boone County Rebels will stay the Boone County rebels. But the image of It's right here in black and white in France. A lion, An individual that came to the school saying that God sent him to talk to me about the mascot Switch is a leader. You choose hills that you want to die on. Why would we want to be the losing team? Right? That just, I just take all the other stuff Out. Segregation Academies. When civil rights said that we need to integrate public schools, these charter schools were exempt from that Bigger than a flag or mascot. You have to be ready for serious backlash. Listen to Rebel Spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm five seven. Yeah. So look man, hell no, his homecoming ain't no place to cheat for no grown man. So I think it was Charlemagne that said don't beat on a cheat on him. Yeah, that's a young man gang. Anybody that's that's, that's a master. Their fortune knows I can't afford no divorce. First of all. First of all, Charlemagne ain't never said nothing about no, she don't. Don't beat on and cheat on it. I ain't never said nothing like that. Charlemagne say Black men don't cheat. Yo. Okay, you right. My bad. I apologize. But see what I'm saying? That's why people be hating me for dying. Charlamagne said Charlamagne ain't say nothing of the sword. He was so clear too. Charlamagne said, don't beat on a Cheeto.


I take it was Charlemagne who said what? I don't know why I believe it. I said, whoa. I said, I've been up here with this brother for 15. I ain't never heard him say that, but that was Crazy. That one Was crazy. I said, wow. Black men don't cheat. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Homecoming season starts this this weekend. Lauren LaRosa goes to Delaware State. She's going, she's already getting herself set up. So we're asking for people that's going to homecoming. Is this your, this is your way to cheat. Do you cheat this weekend and go back to your house? Well, let's play one of the biggest records. Homecoming season. Let's swag surf. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And this is homecoming season. Homecoming season starts this weekend.


Morgan State, Delaware State, And, I'm sure a bunch of PWIs as well. So we're asking when you go to homecoming, is this your way to cheat and then go back to your family? 'cause nobody knows. Let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? Hey, it's Asia. Hey Asia. Good morning. Good morning. I'm taking speaker. Okay, y'all said homecoming is where it happens. Yes. Homecoming is what? Whatever happens at homecoming stays at homecoming. We are going back to homecoming to turn up like the college days. Mm Mm What school did you go to? Oh man. I went to BASU My A SUB, Alabama State University out Montgomery, Alabama.


Oh wow. So, so let me ask you a question. Is this where, where You know people slide off with their, their things from college and, and then go back to their families. We slide in and we ain't telling what No, you slide freaking. She said she's Sliding. You gotta Goes down. Look Laura, you asking so many questions on the radio? My bad. The homecoming is where it goes down. Yes. We About to have time this Weekend. All now. Don't that that chlamydia, chlamydia, chlamydia is out there. Okay. Don't it's real chlamydia. On Monday we go Be checked On. Be safe out there sis. Be safe in them. Them them stumping our streets.


I Know. So Asia, so you worked out all summer long for homecoming Baby. I'm showing out. I'm showing out. It's five. What school is it? Alabama. Alabama. Alabama State, period. They luxury. Alabama State University. Oh yeah. They got gonorrhea out there. Too heavy. That new kind, that new one. Goodbye Asia. You be safe out there. Thank y'all. I'll have a good one. You gonna be dropping it for a goon all weekend long. Yo. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is R Hey Ria. Good morning. Good morning. Now what, what, what school did you go to? What college mama? I I went to Norfolk State University. Oh, the 7 5 7. Now I'll be there now. Real. It says all your old things be hitting you up because you a a, a massage therapist.


So it's not because I'm a massage therapist. I forgot the young lady. But, but before you guys went to commercial, I agreed with her. Like all of them act like they don't have whole families now. They not You know all their careers, all the things they got going on. But when they come back to homecoming, it's like that don't even exist. They've been hitting you like crazy. Yes. Like all of us. And I tell you all of that. And you've been booking them massages don't lie. No, I booked them. Yes, I booked them. Of course. That's money. Basically my business. No happy endings. Ria. No, We don't get all that extra. Okay, good. Yeah. Get your money. So unlike, Unlike the dentistry person y'all was just talking about, I I love my license.


There you go. Alright, well we'll see you. I think me and me and Lauren will be out in Norfolk. We will, you Think or y'all will? I'm coming October 25th. I'm doing a, I'm hosting within the Alumni Fest on October 25th. Oh, nice. Okay. Pull up on us. I'll be out there that weekend too. Yes. I, I might pull up on Lauren. Okay. Cool. All right mama. All right. Bye guys. What's, what's the moral of the story? Let's ask Lauren first. What's the moral of the story? Lauren? Don't let your man or your girlfriend go to homecoming. Buy themselves. Especially if You know they was lit when they was at school and they glowed up even more. Now don't, don't do it. It's not a guy's trip. It's not a girl's trip. Introduce your family to the yard trip. That's what it's giving. Okay. Charlemagne. I ain't never went to no damn college. I don't know nothing about no homecomings.


Leave me out of it. You stay on that side and I'm never encouraging nobody to cheat. Black men. Don't cheat You. know what I'm saying? Actually, be honest with your partner and you and your partner go down there and If. you want to go out there and live some of your old wild out days. Go, go relive 'em with your new partner. I know that's right. Your significant other. Yep. There you go. Alright, well we all right, well when we come back we got Pastor s Nala will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now it is time for Pastor Oaks.


Yeah. DJ come spin that Come spin. What's up Nyla? What's up guys? How are you? Big Nyla. Hello. Hello, hello. What's happening? Okay, so Leon Thomas dropped his album last Friday and the Streets is saying it's the classic. I don't know if y'all heard y'all The song. Whose album? Whose song? Leon Thomas. Oh no, I ain't heard it yet. Oh my God, it's so good. What are Well Mac told Me is fired though There's A few great r and b projects that dropped this year, but this one's definitely in the contenders for one of the best. My favorite record on there though. It's called Feelings on Silent featuring Wale and Wale did Justice. I can't wait to we go, We still gonna go see you. Clear person. We still gonna go. I can't wait to go see I love Wale. Yo. He's really that guy. Talk to Wale. He'll be actually in New York this Saturday on tour.


I feel like Wale is going to get his just due. Wale is a person who You know for the last 15 years or however long it's been. You know he's always been in the mix. People respect him. But I, I feel like a Wale resurgence coming. I feel like everybody's gonna realize how dope Wale has been and actually is. You think people don't know how dope he is? I think people know it's, there's, I think there's other factors that I do, but there's other conversations that I feel like he should be in that he's not in. Mm. You know what I mean? Like he don't get mentioned in that top tier like he should. Yeah. And I think now that Kendrick has cleared the field and he's, it's really just big him for whatever reason. When the smoke clear, the smoke is clear. For whatever reason, Wale is gonna come out really Wale in the top three, top five combo.


I mean to me he's always, he Top five. He was definitely top five. But I could see what you're saying then because I don't think I've ever heard someone put him there. Yeah, he deserves it. But I think Waley deserve it. He Waley ain't been up here in a minute. Well he gonna be in town so y'all should bring him up here like tomorrow. Yeah. Wiley should be coming up here. Wale Rhapsody, Kendrick. We don't gotta do a big three anymore. But I think now there's a new like blog era class of like young rappers, young Spitters and from like different regions. And then two out of New York city of my favorites I gotta say is Nico Brim in the life of Tom And they just dropped the new record. I like it. Yeah, I like it. I didn't know I honestly, what was he on that was like kind of trendy? That was Tom in the beginning and then Nico Brim on the second half.


But Gotcha. I don't know. He was just recently on tour of Rhapsody. He was her opener. It was something else I heard him on before And I. I, I feel like I didn't really listen to him that I was like, oh okay. He really, he he Rap salute to Nico. That's rap your artist, right? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Nico's Nico's doing really, really great right now, man. So proud of him. Make sure you guys tune in, tap in with him. And Tom, Tom is a really fight Mc two, but he, it's weird 'cause he is like a Puerto Rican hippie with dreads. He has like a really cool aesthetic. I'm, I'm kind of into it. So shout out to Nico and Tom and then I definitely wanna talk about this weekend Playboy Cardi record. 'cause I was a little concerned when I saw them collaborating, but the record actually came out kind of fire. Okay. I don't know how fuck I got. It's A little bop. Yep. I like the beat.


We played it every hour in the hour last week. Friday. Little Bop. I feel like I heard that record a million times from a million other artists. It just sounds like, like what is the B Alright, it's not bad but it just fits in like it You know It feels like another version of 50 other songs, but You know it's still a bop. It's like this, I don't know, it's just this one little rhythm and Okay, well I'm not mad at it And when you hear it, it's cool. I ain't, it ain't whack but You Know it is not whack. I feel like it's growing on me the more I hear it. Y'all heard it every hour on the hour and you feel like that You've heard it a million other times from a million other artists. Oh my God. Anyway, the reason why I was concerned because I feel like I liked early Playboy, but then like as Playboy continued, he kind of went a little too left for me.


But I felt like this was okay because I heard it a million other times from a million of times. Alright. Alright. Something you haven't heard yet is Susie's project or maybe you did 'cause it just dropped tonight and we just did the album listening poems, certified Vibes did the album listening for him. So I wanna get into my favorite song off the project called F You. Me good. I like it a lot. I like Zy as a person. Me too. You don't like the music? I like some of the song him first. You feel like no wait, no. You're not. Be honest, you not low. I actually like his, I like the, She just said he liked his music. You just said you like him about His first, the first song on his album is the most fire song on this new Record. It's one, I think it's, it's like the thinks number three. What's number three? Gun One Gunner Hard too.


One gun number two. I I'm talking about the intro. The first song. It's number Three. One of them he talking, he talking, he's talking to a girl. And then the one with Keani, the one with Kalani's. Crazy. Yeah, that one is crazy. But it's crazy toxic. I, I can't support it. I like the crazy toxic one. Okay. That that's You know what maybe the the maybe the Christian podcast is true. Like They're absolutely right. Shout out to my guys. Let me post their names again. Holy Culture Radio man. Shout out to Holy Culture Radio on SiriusXM channel channel. And there there's many women on there. There, there's a gal on there too. That's right. Y'all keep praying for Lauren. Absolutely. Yeah. Pray for all. All because they got baby oil in the back of Envy and Charlemagne. And this is no ain't no baby.


New additions to the studio. This this, what we not gonna do is start demonizing baby oil. Okay. Baby oil ain't been nothing but good to black people for a long time. Okay? Just because some people might have been using it allegedly for nefarious purposes doesn't mean anything. Okay. All right. Okay. Sounds like Stockholm syndrome to me. They said the drugs is in the oil, but the drugs is also in my playlist. If, you wanna hear some good vibes, man? Make sure you guys tune in. Follow me on the gram act. So don't take The drugs at the, in the baby, but take the drugs in your playlist. The music. I'm just saying like good music. That's what I meant. It was supposed to be a flip. It was a bar and it just went over your head. No, it just was a terrible flip anyway, because you don't wanna be young Diddy, you want to be young. Right? Thank you. Now follow Me on the gram at N-Y-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E-E If.


you click the link in bio on my website. Just click on playlist and it'll take you right to the playlist. People will be like, oh, where can I find it? It's just link bio. Hit playlist. And there you have it. All right. When we come back, You know we throw it back on the Friday. Of course for the mix. We got the People's Choice Mix at The. Breakfast Club. Good morning, your chicken out. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. We gotta salute the baby for joining us this morning. Man. Salute to the baby man. Good to see that brother just You know in a, in a good, in a good mind State You know. Yeah. His new project is out. What's it called? How is this A mix tape. How Mix tape this? A mix tape? Yep.


Yeah, man. Salute to the baby man. I'm always represent for the baby 'cause he represents the Carolinas. And I'm telling you, if you've ever been to Charlotte You know how beautiful the city is. But it is very hard for artists, rap artists in particular to come up outta the Carolinas man. Right. And You know the baby is. Yeah. I mean, him and j Cole probably the biggest artist, rap artist to ever come outta the Carolinas. But for him to be outta Charlotte being a street rapper, man, that's, that's, that's damn near impossible. Same. I ain't Even think about it until he said it too. Yeah, he's the only, he's the only one. The first and only You know He won't be the last, but he's the first and only I wanna salute my man. Trap Dickey too. I, I meant to as Trap Dickey about the, I meant to ask the baby about Trap Dickey in the, in the interview, but I, it slipped my mind.


But him and the baby got a really dope record out. Damn, what's the name of that record? It's, I can't remember the name of the record right now. Hold on, let me look it up real quick, baby. Is it called Blue Devils remix? The Blue Devils Rem. Yes. Blue Devils. There you go. Blue Devil's remix. He slew the Man Trap. Trap Dickey. Trap Dickey up next outta the Carolinas. He from South Carolina. He's, he's he's dope. But yeah. Salute to the baby.


Hey y'all wanna salute to Cordia Oldin from Indianapolis, Indiana who won a free trip to New York City for this year's Powerhouse Self has giving you a chance to fly to Powerhouse 2024. If you're paying rent and not getting the reported to the three credit bureaus. It's like leaving money on the table. Self free rent reporting is a quick and easy way to get credit for paying your rent on time. And to level up your credit score, head to The Breakfast Club dot iheart.com to enter the winter trip and tickets to the biggest hip hop show of the year. Courtesy yourself.


Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Aria Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club Law. The rosa of filling in for Jess. Now salute to all the homecomings again. Salute to Morgan State. Salute to Alabama. Salute to FMU. Howard. Hampton. Salute to Cheney. Salute to Lincoln. Salute to Clark. So many North Carolina a and t. Morehouse Spelman, if I forgot you, I am so sorry. Did you say Delaware State? Central State Bethune College salute to all the colleges out there. South Carolina State University. Stop playing with us South. You say Delaware State? Huh? You said Delaware State?


Delaware State. Don't be saying Delaware State. Not you sitting right here next to me. Did you say Ute Salute to Delaware You know what you need to do too. What? When you go down to homecoming, get a Delaware estate helmet got so we can put up there. Got so we can put up there Hampton, because I support all The HBCUs. My uncle's newly one of the heads of the athletic department. I'm gonna see what I could do for you. Yeah, it's Get a helmet. You see Hampton got a helmet right here. I like to support it. You support all Shout Out to the Delaware State University Athletics. We are. They're D one. I think it's D one Double A. Yes, they're D one. Okay. Can I give a piece of advice to all the OGs that's gonna go to these homecomings too? Especially the women. I just want tell the women like you going go out there and you might see some young boys on campus You. know what I'm saying? They're gonna be like 20, 21 years old You.


know what I'm saying? You late thirties, early forties and you might be feeling them. I just want you to know, man, when you got your legs up in the air, You know you got that ass tooted up in the back and that young boy behind you, them young boys recording nowadays now I ain't like for you was coming up. Eyes sharp, baby. That's right. Young boys got them phones out all. Okay, your little po, that old po po gonna be on Porn Hub Or TikTok. Or TikTok. TikTok you stupid. Well salute to all the HBCUs again. And also I wanna, I wanna get a couple of H-B-C-U-S to put up here. So If, you listening, you attend HBCU, want you want with the football programs. I would love to give one of your helmets and put it up here right now. We got Hampton's helmet up here.


'cause of course I went to H You but Charlamagne, you got a positive note. I do. I just wanna tell people, man, please remember that your character will always be revealed by how you treat those who can do nothing for you. Listen to what I just said. Your character will be revealed by how you treat those who can do nothing for you. Have a great weekend Breakfast Club bitches. You I'm Finish or y'all Done


happening now on the iHeart app, we're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As Vice President and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank You. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number one Rule, don't read the comments Been nasty. This episode is gonna hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated crooks Everywhere on unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday


In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the President of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the Other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, The story of one Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free. And receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts.