
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. It could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sam Mullins and I've got a new podcast coming out called Go Boy. The gritty true story of how one man fought his way out of some of the darkest places imaginable. Roger Caron was 16 when first convicted Has spent 24 of those years in jail. But when Roger Caron picked up a pen and paper, he went from an excon to a literary darling from Campsite Media and iHeart podcasts. Listen to Go boy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Hey y'all. What's up Laura? LaRosa. Good morning y'all. Charlamagne and Envy is stuck behind a dump truck somewhere and they should have left home like 10 minutes earlier. But it's okay 'cause sometimes I be late too. It don't matter. No, it don't matter. How was your night last Night? My night was great. Shout out to 63 Auto Spa. They took me out to dinner Okay. With Porsche. And you know, we having some great conversations and some great food. Oh, okay. So that's all. Yeah, That, that's what I can say right now. It wasn't a date. It wasn't a date. Oh, no, No, no. It wasn't a date. It, I was gonna Say, because you sound like Neo something.


Well, they took me out on a date. Like what? Okay. How many of 'em was it? It was four. It's like no, no, no, no, no. Too early. No, no, no. It was, it was just, it was like more of like a business dinner thing. Okay. So networking. I'm about to do some car stuff, you know, work wise. So that's What's up. Yeah. You about to be a mechanic too, Girl. You know, I can't, what, what I gonna do with these nails? I'm just saying, my wing gonna get caught In this a mechanic outfit. You look nice giving, set it off. You know, I'm about to be, you know, just doing brand work. Look at Eli, he's so hype. That's up. He be telling me I look like set it off every time I wear this Milana outfit. Every single Time's. Cute though. But he said he gave you queen teeth. He, he shouldn't have did that. And My wig is on and it is, And I didn't have the braid.


He can't even see your braids. Yeah. Well, yesterday, you know, the weather was nice. Me and my man took our daughter out. My man, for the first time, well, not the first time I didn't like Shane never been out, but to the farmer's market, like we had her and the stroller strolling around and she was like looking out the stroller. She was chilling. And, and it was, it was a whole dope time. We got some fruits and vegetables, you know, that is very much on brand for my man. Yo like he, he loved doing it. He loved planting and growing and all that type of stuff. So yeah, it was a nice little, and then we of course had to have a drink somewhere. We went to local. I love local Eatery. It's a, a spot in Jersey City. It's lit. You gotta go. Oh yeah. I gotta figure that out. Yeah. I never, I never been there before, but I'm cracking up. You talking about she was looking around the shoulder like she ain't been nowhere.


She ain't even know. No, I know. We, this the first time us actually having her at a farmer's market, like people close to her can see her walk up on her and stuff like that. So it, it was, it was a nice experience. Not you trying to hide her from ice. You know what I I, I already deal with that from these two niggas up here. Yo, do not be in on the ice that put my daughter because they're gonna Get out the first time we open the show together. I know, right? Yeah. Ain't that crazy Over here sweating bullets. 'cause I don't know what to say next anyway. Oh yeah, it is Wednesday. It's Wednesday. So it is Hump day. Yeah. Hump day. Hump day. What Charlamagne do, this might be open real wide. And in joining us today, we got Devi Brown.


She has a new book, living in Wisdom, A Path to Embodying Your Authentic Self, embracing Grief and Developing Self-Mastery is Out Now. Heavy Brown also has a, a podcast with the Black Effect iHeart Network, you know, some, some something or another. And then also later in the show we got Alycia Johnson also with a new book. Oh, these authors, I tell you, it's called Flip the Tables, the Everyday Disruptors Guide to Finding Courage in Making Change. And it's out now as well. And we got front page news cracking off. And Mimi Brown is here because Morgan is out. So we gonna get to show crack and we'll be right back after this. Yeah, I know. That's right there. Hey, Morning everybody. It's T-E-J-N-V Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We Are here. Yes. Thank you. Going. Yeah. I'm telling on the garbage trucks this morning. You know what, Emini here, there's nothing you can do when things are outta your control. Yeah. But you know, if you, in New York City where we broadcast from NY C3 11 is the number to report to garbage trucks. Oh, damn. No. That That was this morning. Any, anytime you get stuck behind the garbage trucks and they just disrespectful like that. I know everybody start blowing their horn. I don't, 'cause there's nothing you can do in that situation. But if they don't have no regard for people that gotta get to go where they gotta go and they taking they slow time. Report 'em a couple minutes. I understand, but 10, nah, literally Charlemagne And I, between 10 and 15 minutes, people were behind the truck And you two blocks away from work. We two blocks away from work, man, come on man. 15 minutes. We are stuck.


Come on man. NYN YC three 11. You don't know people in emergencies and they sick trying to get to the hospital. You don't know what it is. Report them garbage trucks that do that. And they was taking their sweet time. Man. I'm sitting there. Yeah. Wow. I'd have called ice on 'em if I, if I, I would've, first of all, A lot of dump truck workers are black. They're not Mexican. Don't Ever do. But I just was thinking about somebody I could call in that moment. That's what made me Google and find out about NY C3 11. Because in that moment I was just like, yo, you literally Googled who to call on the dump truck. We were there for 15 minutes. It was nothing to do disrespectful. There's nothing to do. I wasn't even thinking about me. I was just thinking like, what about anybody else that might be sick or trying to get to the hospital, trying to get to work. It was disrespectful. Like it was just bad. Yeah. Well, All right, well let's get in some front page news.


Let's start off with some quick sports. Now, last night, the lake is tied to series. They beat the timber wheels 94 85 thunder to beat the Grizzlies 1 18 99. They lead the series two with nothing. And the paces beat the bucks. 1 23, 1 15. They lead that series in the playoffs. What's up Mimi? What's up y'all? Good morning. How y'all doing? Good Morning. Peace, Mimi. Good morning. Good morning. Alright, well let's start with something that is about to hit people in their pockets. The Trump administration says it will resume debt collection for people who have defaulted on their federal student loans starting May 5th. Now, student loan goes into default. If you hadn't made a payment in about 270 days, or approximately around nine months, the Department of Education says this will apply to all federal loan types, including direct loans, perkin loans, federal family education loans.


So right now, more than 5 million people are already in default. And another 4 million people are close to it. That means nearly 9 million borrowers could soon face really serious consequences. In a press conference, press secretary Caroline Le Levitt, excuse me, explained how the administration plans to move forward with collections. Let's hear what she had to say. Borrowers will now be clearly expected to repay their loans and those who default on their loan obligations will face involuntary collections. The government can and will collect defaulted federal student loan debt by withholding money from borrowers, tax refunds, federal pensions, and even their wages. Yeah, I thought they already did that.


I I know for a a fact when, when I had school loans And I got a tax refund, they automatically took that to pay the school loan. So I thought that was already done. Well, You know what? They started it, they put it back into session like right around covid. So they haven't pressed or went after student loan borrowers since before the COVID-19 crisis. And so now the Trump administration says it will start sending out notices later this summer informing those who have defaulted on their student loans, about their wage garnishment. They can take up to 15% of your check. Again, all this starts in on May 5th. And if you, if you think you might be in default, the administration, they recommend you contacting the student aid default resolution group.


You may be able to get back on track by making a monthly payment, enrolling in an income driven repayment plan or applying for a loan rehabilitation. But this is about to hit millions of people in about a week and a half. Hey, If you voted for Trump because of the economy, if you voted for Trump because he was gonna put more money in your pockets, you gotta be rethinking that decision at this point. Of course, Emini here, Of course, but when you have school, It ain't even been a hundred days. Lord have mercy. But you, you're right. But when we have school loans, right? And when you graduate, you, you have to look for a job and then it gives you a certain amount of time to find a job. And then nine times outta 10, that job can't pay for your rent. If you have a car you are eating and then to pay that school loan, there's no possible way. You can't afford to pay all those Things. Yeah. And if inflation is high, if people are losing their jobs, if tariffs got the cost, the goods high.


Where people gonna get this money from? Exactly. What, what, what wage are you gonna garish? I ain't got nothing. Hey, you, You going, you just gonna mess up my credit, but I, I can't pay you 'cause I, it's either my rent or it's gonna pay these cool loans. And which one you gonna pay. And if you got kids, I'm, I gotta put food on the table. I'm gonna play these Cool loans. OnlyFans selling ass. That's what, Only fan. 25 a cheek. 25,000 a cheek. God. My literally We you white. Oh, all right. Well that is front page news. Mimi. We'll see you next hour. All Right. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. Maybe You were driving to work. You were about 15 minutes, 20 minutes from work and then you got stuck behind a a truck.


We was Not no. 15, 20 minutes from work. We was three minutes from work. I know, but We was two blocks away. I Know. Dammit. Man, bro, that's crazy. Whatever it is, get it off your chest. Call us up right now. Phone lines are wide open. Is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club With the, it's A new day. Is it your time to get it off your chest? Wait, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Ebony. Ebony. Good morning, future Ebony. Good morning. What's up? Okay, so I'm calling from FA North Carolina. I'm calling to get off my chance in reference to what y'all was talking to this about this morning, The student loans.


I'm one of, yes. I'm one of those people that is like feeling the stress. I'm a single mom. I graduated from college not even using anything from my degree, by the way. I'm driving trucks now. I went and got my c probably made more money in the last four years doing this And I ever would've made with that piece of paper. Oh you period. I love To hear that. That's dope. But the student loan is about to kill me. Like I'm struggling taking care of the two that I got by myself. Daycare is stupid high. I moved my cousin from New York to come stay with me. Just help me with that. And I'm working 60 hours a week to maintain the bills that I got. Like you said, I got a car, I got rent, still trying to buy a house. And now they're about to garish wages for student loans on something that I'm not even using. And that's what I was saying. It's like they gotta come up with a better way because you, I I could barely pay my rent, barely pay my car.


No. Barely put food on the table If I have a child gotta pay daycare and then you going to garden 15%. That's impossible. You can't, you can't do that to, It's crazy. I don't even know how we gonna make it. Like I'm, I'm spray for gas every week, so I drive an hour to work at a bat And I gotta pay, I gotta worry about you taking 15% for school that we not even, oh my God. And a of country school is free. Education is free. You're Right. That is very true. Well, I, you know what man? I really do hope that people realize elections have consequences. And you know, I'm not sitting here saying that, you know, the economy was any better when the Biden administration was in, but it was, it was a little bit better than this. And I Don't know if people know that if you get married to somebody and they have school loans, their school loans are now your school loans.


So if you get married to somebody and you get some money back on taxes, they take that money to pay your partner's school loan. Ask me how I know. Yeah. 'cause when I got married, GIA had school loans, I did my taxes And I thought I was getting money back. Nah. Right. To the school loans. Her school loans. Yes, absolutely. Well, I need to see if Chris finished Iowa State because I don't know. Well Emini here Lose, I don only went for like one. I only went for like one semester, but I ain't gotta pay that back. If you only went for one semester. Yes you Do. Yes. If you went, you gotta pay Emini here. It's one semester. Alright. I sold crack. But you Ain't gotta paid nothing much. Martin. Hello? Who's this? This is anonymous, New Jersey. I don't know who's listening. So What you mean Millions of people?


But you can give a fake name if like nobody can see you man. You're Melissa. Tasha. Tasha. Hey Tasha. Melissa. T What's up Tasha? How you Asha? So I'm mad because I am tired. I work three jobs. I'm not a single parent, but I'm tired. And student loan crap is gonna affect me. Sorry. You right Tasha. I'm good. I just need to feel out that cry. Oh Tasha, I am praying for you. Absolutely. And then, you know, there's, there's nothing anybody can do about this situation at the current moment. And the gap between the haves and the have nots is so wide in this country, man.


And people just trying to make it every day. Oh god. And this feels like these people that are in positions of power, these rich folks, these elected officials, they do not care about, you know, people that are not in the same tax bracket as them. It, it, it doesn't even make sense. Yeah. But between this and even the late fees with credit cards, right. People are usually late. It's 'cause they're trying to figure it out. Or they're waiting for their next check. They're gonna bring back the high rates for, for being late. Which it affects nobody, like you said to have now. It makes no sense. Yeah, no it doesn't. And just, I can't never get through for you to fix my mess. Oh man. Oh man. This is the mess. I do not know how, It's not like I'm cheating or nothing and you know, it is just my husband and my my mother be like bumping heads.


'cause we all live together And I do not know what to do. Like, well, hold On, hold on. Tasha. I Just say hold on Tasha. Hold on. Hold on. Hold. We gonna put you on hold. We gonna have just hold you down in a second. Okay? I, Okay. I just want the record to show, and not to make this political man, but you know, Trump promised to make the economy better on day one. Like if you run on things like groceries, which he said, he said he won the election because of groceries. If you ran on that, then you have to come in and immediately try to bring some type of relief. He's come in and just immediately hurt people even more. Right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your Chest. Calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you On The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? You over? What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Yeah, I just Emini here. Honestly, I wanted to talk about this whole student loan thing. Go ahead. Talk to us, brother. I just, I don't understand how y'all get on the radio specifically. Charlemagne and he, y'all are telling these people, y'all have people scared out here about what's really going on. I just don't appreciate it. If you borrow money, why shouldn't we have to pay it back? I don't understand that. Nobody's saying you don't have to pay it back. But if, if we are getting a loan from the government and times are hard and times are bad, nobody's saying they're not going to pay it back.


But if you're gonna start garnish my wages And I can't pay for my rent, you're gonna start garnishing my wages. And I can't put food on the table If you're gonna garnish my wages And I can't. Hold On, hold on, hold on. Not not, not just wages. That's not the Taxpayer's fault. But not just wages. That, That's not the taxpayer's fault that we decided to get a loan and we can't afford to pay it back. We gotta stop pushing this, this non taking accountability part. No, nobody's, nobody's doing non taking accountability On the radio. Y'all have to stop pushing. Let me ask you a question. Blaming Trump. Let ask you a question I don't Understand because it's his administration doing it. It is his department of education. When Automotive industry was going down and the automotive industry couldn't pay anybody and, and was was defaulting on their loans.


The government helped them out Right? When the airlines were, were messed up and they couldn't pay their loans back and, and they were messed up. The government helped them out. Right? When all these billion dollar companies are messed up, the government helps them out. All we asking for is a little help. Nobody's saying nobody gonna pay 'em back. But just help out. Just look for the common people when they know things are effed up Right now. And brother and brother, can I ask you a simple question? You told me not to blame Trump, but the Trump administration announced Monday. They're the ones who are resuming the debt collections for federal student loan borrows. So who else am I supposed to blame? Absolutely. Absolutely. Because again, we have to start taking accountability for the choices that we make. We have to, like, we can't sit here and take out federal funds and then not expect to have to pay it back.


That's why American. Yeah, but did you But talking about did, did you hear That's why tell the people that Talking about, did you hear what NV just said? When these big corporations need bailouts, when they take out big loans and they get, We can't keep, we can't keep looking at corporations. We have to make our own our own decisions and our own choices. You're not making no sense accountability. You're one of those people who caret you care more about the rich than you do everyday working class people. Yeah, that's what that is. You can, you care more about the rich than you do everyday working class people. You are rich. Stop telling people you're not rich, you're rich. What I got, you know, here is say completely different things than what you say on the brilliant idiot. Stop it. You know why you know, you know, you know, listen, I care about everyday working class people.


'cause those are the people that listen to the radio every day. You said you wasn't rich. Don't you don't keep the same Energy. Did you say you wasn't rich? The podcast I'm doing okay. Keep that Same energy that you keep on the podcast with show. I don't talk no different than, than on on billion idiots than I do on Breakfast Club. But see, But but see, but this is, this is what, but this is what you don't understand city. Like Show Emini here. You know it. That's a damn lie. You ain't never heard me think I I will always be here for the working class. You get over here and cap bro. You can get over here and cap all you want to. I'm city life from Florida. Alright, I'm outta here bro. Bye. And this, and this is what people, this is what he doesn't understand. Yes, I might be okay now, but I was in the same situation that all these people were absolute years ago. I was the one that was working. My dad I say is a, a retired police officer. He, we didn't have a lot of money growing up, but every little bit mattered.


And for all these people out there, every little bit matters. Like you cannot do this to people where people are hurt, they're struggling, they can't, they gotta make a decision to pay rent or to pay school loans. They gotta make a decision to, to buy eggs or to pay school loans or daycare. It ain't right when the government helps so many people and hold so helps so many nations help home. That's what I'm many people. And you know what's so crazy? It's not even that they just doing garnishing wages. They're doing that to pensions and tax reforms. So how can any person ever get a freaking a a a step forward in this country? They just Raise the late fees for the credit cards again. Like it's, it's crazy. You can't do that to people that are struggling. You just can't, you can't your head, You gotta have a heart. Lord Biggie Smalls mad. He was Florida. Biggie Smalls so mad. He just didn't make no sense.


No he didn't. I'm blaming Chelsea and that's why I don't even like to be, I don't even like to say politics. Yeah, because people think you on a side, the Trump administration is the one who's doing this. So who else are we supposed to blame? Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. When we come back, we got the latest with Lauren. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's the JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. What's happening? And Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a Straight fan Up man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody, some Devil. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything.


She be having the latest on this Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest in The Breakfast Club? Talk to Me. Well, we now know that Shannon Sharpe did try to settle with his accuser for at least $10 million. This was revealed yesterday by his attorney in a phone call that they had with a bunch of different media outlets. But prior to this phone call, And I believe what sparked the phone call was the fact that there was this audio released by TMZ. But in the audio is a phone call between the accuser and Shannon Sharpe.


Let's take a listen to the phone call. I don't know anything I say you're just gonna like get mad at and you're just gonna hang up on me. So I feel like I'm not gonna hang up on you. Here's what it is. What, What does that even mean? Nothing. Gabby, you wanna be a to me now, so I don't wanna be, don't manipulate me. I know that. Mercy, if you said that one one more time, I'm gonna choke the shit outta you when I see you. Thank you. Well, I don't, You don't. What? Well, I don't want to be choked. Yes you do. I don't think you have a choice in the matter. And how old is that girl? Mm. You Said what? How old is she?


She's in her early twenties now. So Like what, 21, right? 21. Yeah, she was in 2023. She was 19, so damn Like 21, 22. Yeah. She Looks like she's like 12, 13. I need to say I have not seen the picture show. Show. Just her. Oh wow. Better call lice Show. Show another Photo. Oh my god. He gonna have to call lice in a minute. Like she on her way to class right there. She does Jesus. She does look like a a a young college student. Student. She get detained on the way. She looks like a college student. Oh wow. Yeah. So what happened was after this audio was released at the same time, literally like moments apart, Shannon Sharpe then released a, a video statement. And in the video statement he is addressing, and She's 22 by the way, 22. Now he's addressing what he believes is about to happen, but he doesn't address the audio.


Let's take a listen to his video that he posted. Shannon Sharpe. This Is a shakedown. This is all being orchestrated by Tony Busby, who is targeted Jay-Z. Tony Busby targets black men And I believe he's going to release a 32nd clip of a sex tape that tries to make me look guilty.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that. Let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey Fab, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe your fresh outta college just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Yo ki up is it's your boy Han, And I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go.


Are your ears bored? Yeah. Yeah. Are you looking for a new podcast that will make you laugh, learn and say gi? Yeah. Then tune in to look at Tora Radio Season 10 to today. Okay, I'm Vosa. I'm Mala, The host of Loca Tora Radio, a radiophonic novella, Which is just a very extra way of saying podcast. A podcast we are launching this season with Emini series, totally nostalgic, a four-part series about the Latinos who shaped pop culture in the early two thousands. It's Lala checking in with all things Y 2K two thousands. My favorite memory honestly was us having our own media platforms like Oz and MT VREs. You could turn on the tv, you see Talia, you see J-Lo, Nina Sky, Evie Queen, all the girlies doing their things. All of the beauty reflected right back at us. It was everything. Tune in Tocara Radio season 10. Now that's what I call a podcast. Listen, Tocara Radio season 10 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Okay? And play into every stereotype you could possibly imagine. That video should actually be 10 minutes or so. Hey Tony, instead of releasing your edit, put the whole video out. I don't have it. Or I would myself, you know what happened? And you're trying to manipulate the media. The encounter in question took place during the day at her invitation. And now that appears to be a delivery setup coordinated by Gabby, also known as Carly on OnlyFans. Gabby and Tony Busby want $50 million. What they're getting is sued for defamation and trying to take me down. My career is all about real talk and honesty. And I'm going to be out there telling you whatever I need to say, just like I always do. I love all you guys.


You know it, it is a shakedown, it is a targeted attack. But Shannon needs to have some accountability because he gave them something to shake down. He gave them something to target by making poor choices. Yeah. And when he, so basically when he mentioned her name and the fact that she's the OnlyFans girl, people went and looked and looked her up. So that's how her photos begin to surface. Now, on this phone call that his attorney had with the, the media, the phone call, the attorney, Shannon Sharp's attorney addresses that audio that we heard first. And what he says is that Shannon spoke in the heat of the moment and did not literally mean the words. Then they start having conversations about, you know, the like different text messages that had been released. And I printed out the text messages for you guys.


Now, one of the things that I wanna point out here, because basically what Shannon is saying is that there's this video that's about to come out. They ask people on this phone call with the media to not judge because it's going to be in an edited format, allegedly. Oh boy. And so you won't get the full context, but Shannon had said earlier in his statement, the first statement he released, that there were things that he was doing almost like role play that was at, he said that this was at the woman's request and from the look of these text messages, so there's two sets of them. The first text message that was that came out, Gabby, who's the woman, the accuser, this is from January 2nd, 2025. And this is when she says that she was sexually assaulted. So she's texting him and she saying that she had cried when he left because she had asked him to put on a condom and she had begged him to not put it in her behind, but he didn't listen.


And she said that Jesus, she doesn't care what their history is, no means no right? Then she's like, I don't know how to process this. And then they're like, you know, can I call you later? I guess can they talk later? But then in other text messages you see the conversation, it it, it goes from that to her sending text messages that say, I wanna be abused daddy. I want like some hardcore BDSM action though. So, and then she says, I want you to tie me up like this and abuse me daddy. And you can see when these text messages were released, you can see it says like, from Gabby to owner. So it's painting a picture that their relationship was Yeah. Giving that, you know, there were role play and everything that were happening now, It was a very unfortunate situation.


It's horrible, crazy, horrible situation. But, but let me ask you, Shannon Sharpe and his lawyer have handled this whole situation terribly. Hmm. First of all, if you're saying it sha you shouldn't be saying anything. No, he shouldn't be. Shit. Busby and this young woman got audio, video and text messages. If you know all of those things are out there, you should shut the F up and continue to allow your lawyer to do his job. And your lawyer said outta his own mouth that you was close to a $10 million settlement with that girl. That right there is all the more reason to shut the F up. I'm not here to speak to Shannon's guilt or innocent 'cause I don't know, but I do know attempting to settle looks like an admission of guilt because I'm not settling. Yeah. If I'm Innocent, I'm just scared. Yeah. Honestly, he just probably scared. I'm, I'm, I'm with you Charlamagne. I feel, I feel like he's being advised wrong. Right.


And you know, when, when people go through this, they go to an attorney because the attorney usually knows what's best for them. They know, usually know what to do. And in this situation, like any attorney would say, shut the F up and let's deal with it in court. Let's deal with facts because you can't change public opinion. Yeah. Unless it's in court with facts now. But one thing I would say, if somebody said this, but I cried when you left because I begged you to put a condom on and you put it in my be and you didn't listen, I don't care what our history is. If that didn't happen, I'm gonna be like, what the hell are you talking about? Yeah. Nah, we agreed on this. I'm not gonna be like, I'll call you later because I, I'm feeling like this is a set right here. Yeah, absolutely. As soon as you text me this, I'm gonna feel a little and nobody's just gonna respond. I'll call you later. You can be like, what the hell are you talking about? Yeah. We both agreed to this, you know, like this is part of the game. Like nobody's going respond with that, which scares me.


But like Charlemagne said, shut the F up, let it let the facts play out in court. Because right now all this talk and is doing too much audio and it's making it worse even. Yeah, Even audio. She was like, you, you're manipulating me. Like even that would've been like, oh no, okay, I see what this is. You know what I'm saying? Unless they were role playing, but Wouldn't you have changed that? Right, right from the door. Yeah. What you talking about? Like no, no, no, like, like let's not play this game. You taping me because last night we was good with this. Like, in my opinion, well His attorney is, is saying that these text messages all only show that the woman in question likes and asks for fantasy role playing and other forms of unusual sexual behavior. And they shut down the idea that, you know, they, they're still denying any sexual assault allegations or anything of that nature.


I did reach out to Attorney Busby though, because that audio we listened to, it wasn't in full, it was like a minute, a little bit over a minute. And I'm like, yo, why would you only release that? And he said to me, he said, I'm not trying this case in the press. We released this only because Shannon Sharp's lawyer chose us to attempt to discredit in Das Jane Doe by releasing multiple texts with no context. Did they release the entirety of the text surrounding the ones from yesterday, which were the original text in his, in Shannon Trapp statement. The audio is very clear of the situation. It speaks for itself. So I know one thing if you 54, you have no reason to be talking to a 19-year-old. She's 22 now. Shannon is 56. I'm so glad that audio of Monique went viral yesterday because it's true. Sit your old ass down and go find somebody your age and build a family with them.


As I said yesterday, men, we need stability and we need de discipline. Right? You gotta have de discipline. But see, but if, if he does not want, 'cause some people don't want families, they're not built for that. But just find somebody, somebody your bracket, age bracket. Yes. That's it. Because he apparently he already tried that. You know what Emini here, the family thing or whatever, but yeah, he just needs somebody his age. Yeah. Has she seen all seasons of the wire? Excuse me, huh? Nope, she didn't. Does she know any Scarface albums? She know who doing that Is. She don't Even know what what the hell it is, what it is mean. She said, what does that even mean? Like she said that like what that would've made me hang up and block. Exactly. It's what, it's 46 when chain shop 10 years older than me. I got a 16-year-old daughter. I can't even imagine having that conversation.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But I have a 23-year-old daughter, like, like that's crazy. And and this girl looks young. She does. She looks young. She looks like she's on campus at University of Miami or like she looks young, young, young. Well we gotta wrap up. We did have the Monique audio, but we do have to wrap up. So Emini here. Yeah. This is all the updates so far in this situation. And I will say too, they said that they were surprised that they were in the middle of the mediation and then the lawsuit dropped. So I don't know if that's why they responded so frantically and not making sense about their responses, but yeah, they definitely seemed scared. Yeah. So, And in conclusion, in the middle of mediation to put out a press release that you are looking to sign a deal for a hundred million dollars was not, that was So silly because If I'm in the middle of mediation, I hear you're about to sign a a hundred million dollar deal, what are you gonna do?


Oh, I'm gonna pull out and wait for you get that deal and I'm gonna ask for more money. If that's the case, I'm, I have not seen a team handle something so poorly in a long time the way Shannon and his team are handling this Crazy. I agree. All right. All right, well thank you for the ladies with Laura. Now when we come back, we got front page news, Mimi will be joining us. Morgan is out and then we have Devi Brown joining us. It The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news. Start with some quick sports. Lakers beat the Timber Wolsey Tide, the series last night, 94 85. The Thunder beat, the Grizzlies 1, 18 99. They lead the series two nothing.


And the Pacers beat the Bucks. They lead that series two nothing. What's up Mimi? What's up y'all? All right, well let's start in Florida where GOP rep Byron Donalds got an earful at a town hall earlier this week. The crowd wasn't shy about pressing him on the Trump administration and its controversial plans for the Department of Government efficiency. He was asked as a member of the oversight committee, what oversight was he proposing on Donald Trump and Elon Musk? Let's hear what he had to say. I Like how everybody's shouting at me. The black guy on the stage with a microphone stand saying, have you read this book? Read this book, read this book, read this book. Don't marginalize my life and what I've done. Don't do that. Don't marginalize the of other black people in this country of love.


Don't do that. We should celebrate the successes in our country down because you have to have the, So that was his response to maybe he, the crowd asked him about DEI and about his pushback. So he pushed back and told the crowd that as a black man don't talk to him about diversity, equity, and inclusion. But then when he was, he was talking about Elon Musk and Donald Trump. The crowd had some booze and some other things. So let's hear what he had to say about that. What They're doing is under the directions of the President of the United States, if you're gonna talk about what oversight is doing, we actually have to let the Doge committee, the Doge department actually work. What they're examining right now is in, in the federal system.


This is something that President Obama wanted to do when President Obama. So therefore he was not, the crowd wasn't happy during this town hall. They were trying to get Byron to answer questions about Doge, about the Trump administration and the crowd in Florida of all places. They really gave him a hard time. Dozens of people left after voicing their frustration with his answer. McDonald's is also running for governor of Florida in next year's election. Listen, People, Mimi, people are out here hurting. So if the economy, if the economy is bad, people gonna be mad. And if you voted for Trump or you endorse Trump, like you know Byron Donald did, people are gonna hold you accountable.


Like that pain they're feeling in they pockets, they gonna project that pain onto you. So you gotta, you know, Byron gotta stand 10 toes down on his decision and And he's the face of it right now. So if you're holding a town meeting, you are the face of their frustration. That's right. That's right. So, and speaking of Doge and Elon Musk, Elon Musk said he will take a step back from his work as leader of the Department of Government Efficiency. He made the announcement on a call with investors yesterday. He said he will continue to spend a day or two per week on government issues for as long as the president will have him. But this announcement comes after a tough year for Tesla. The company's stock is down 40% this year and earlier this month it warned investors about the biggest drop in sales history, revenue for the first quarter.


It fell 71% compared to the same time of last year. I wonder if that's going, I don't think that's gonna work for Elon. And the reason I don't think that's gonna work for Elon is because he has chosen a side. He's chosen a political worldview. So the only thing, only way I think it's gonna work for Tesla, if he, if he steps down period at C, he's definitely, He's definitely have to step down. 'cause people don't wanna drive Teslas anymore. And not necessarily because it's not a good car 'cause it's actually a really good vehicle because Of Elon and his politics. But not only that, but when I'm driving around the city and, and people are smearing dog poop on your car or they're speaking 'cause of Elon and his Politics, they're giving you middle fingers, they're flattening your tires. Oh yeah. Do you want to deal with that 'cause of Elon and his politics? So It's like, no, I don't want to deal with it. So I'm not gonna buy a Tesla.


When you got people that's, that's protesting outside of Teslas. I don't wanna pull up there. If I drive one, I know I'm gonna face consequences if I leave it on the street. It's people who've Lost their job 'cause of Elon Musk. I don't to Elon Musk went there slash all those federal jobs. So when they see those Teslas, the same thing with Byron Donalds, that Tesla represents Elon Musk. Correct. So yes, the Elon Musk and his politics, the only way things gonna bounce back to Tesla is if Elon Musk steps down as CEO. I agree with you. Period. Alright, so President Trump's his approval waiting. It is dipping it is at 42%, which is the lowest since he has returned to office. Now this is according to a new Reuters poll. The drop comes after more Americans express concern over his efforts to expand his presidential power. And the poll found discomfort with Trump's push to punish liberal universities.


His attempt to appoint himself, board of the chair of the Kennedy Senator. Now a large majority, 83% said the president must follow federal court rulings even if he disagrees with them. 57% said it's not okay to withhold federal funding based on political views, including that includes one third of Republicans. Now his approval rating was underwater nearly in every issue, including immigration and faith inflation and the rule of law. Three out of four respondents said Trump should not seek a third term something that is that the Constitution bars. But he's been floating anyway. And even among Republicans, 53% say no to a third term. And 59% of Americans say that we are losing credibility on the global, under global, under his leadership on the global economy.


And it hasn't been a hundred days. Listen, you can't have a bad economy and authoritarian rule. Okay? 50, if the economy was moving, people might let you get the authoritarian rule off. Okay. But you can't have both. Yeah. So that is your front page news. I'm Mimi Brown, follow me on social at Mimi Brown tv. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BIN news.com. I saw you on TV or something Mimi. What you was doing. You was on somebody TV network. Hey, I was, thank you Charla. I have been promoting my, my docuseries to Altina with Love. It just documents the Eaton fire and how it displaced a historically black neighborhood in Altina, California.


Where can People watch that at? Yeah, It is on the iHeart. You can go to ihearts on the iHeartRadio podcast network. Just put in two out to Dina with love and it'll pop right up. Okay. Thank you. Mimi. Meet me. You back tomorrow? I'm back on Friday. I'll be back Friday. Okay. See you Friday. I'll see y'all in Everybody else. Devi Brown will be joining us. She has a new book, living in Wisdom, A Path to Embodying Your Authentic Self, embracing Grief, and Developing Self Mastery Out right Now. So Debbie Brown, when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody's D-E-J-N-V Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne Ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We got a special guest in the building. My good sister, longtime friend Devi Brown is back here. Good morning. Good Morning y'all. Oh my God. How you feeling on book publishing day? I feel free. Mm. Yeah, I feel so free. I've had a lot of anxiety about it for the last few weeks. Why? You know? Well it's like, you know that creative birthing and like, there's a lot of like vulnerable stories in it and you're like, did I do that? Should I have done this? But yeah, now I just feel free. It's here, it's done. I'm proud of it. I feel great Living in wisdom. A path to embodying your authentic self, embracing grief and developing self mastery. Tell us about that title.


Oof being a healer, being someone that has been on their own spiritual journey for decades and being a teacher, I found that, you know, those are the three things that really give you a feeling of a well-lived life. Hmm. You know, when we're looking for healing or when we're looking for self-actualization or self-awareness, all the things, whatever we're looking for, when it comes time to grow, it's like ultimately we're looking to be the embodiment of our authentic self. To get past the performance of like who we say we are and actually get to the core. And then all of being alive is to have grief a part of that. You know, every day there's grief and whether it's losing someone, which I'm sure all of us have or will 'cause that's what it is to be here.


Or it's, you know, the daily grief of bearing witness to everything that's happening. Finding a way to embrace that grief is a part of what it is to be human is I think a really powerful shift in our growth. And then walking a past path of self mastery. Like looking to always, not necessarily like be better or prove things, but to just deepen in what you already are. Like mastery isn't perfection. Mastery is like the slow process of excellence of self, you know? And only we kind of know what that process is inside. I wanna go back for people that don't know Debbie's been here a long time ago, but for people that don't know who Debbie Brown is, I wanna start from the beginning.


If you don't know, Debbie was a successful radio personality, one of the best and media personalities. And at the top of her game decided she didn't wanna do it anymore. Mm. It wasn't like she was pushed out. It wasn't like she had bad ratings. She just said, you know what, I don't wanna do it anymore. Top of her game. And then she started going on this healing journey. Deb Devi was out in the clubs. Somebody got into a brawl or two, but we're not gonna go there. Wow. A brawl. No idea. I don remember, know what I'm talking about? No idea what was happening, What Braw was Devi Brown then I don't know. That was none. It was this. This is a healing journey. So I wanna A rebirth. A rebirth I wanna go to for people that don't know. What made you say, you know what? This industry is not for me. I want to give this up.


You were doing radio, you were doing in different markets, you just had a baby. And yeah, just said, it's not for me. At the top of your game, how did you go from a woman to radio to just like, no, I'm done with it. First of all, I just have to say, and y'all know this, like to me radio is one of the most incredible sacred ways to broadcast because like you're really in someone's head and body when you talk. Right? Like they connect you with their whole being. It's, I've always found it to be like a sacred responsibility that makes you good at like everything else. I realize that my purpose was evolving And I realized that a lot of the skills that I was amassing, like communication, connecting with people, building community, I just kept getting very, very clear direction from God that I was meant to do it differently and use it differently.


And I felt like I personally was going through so much. Like while I was still on the radio for many years, I was like kind of secretly, quietly getting certifications and like meditation and breath work and spiritual psychology. Like it was such a huge part of my off the air life. And I felt like at least at that time, because I left the industry maybe almost 10 years ago, at that time there was no blending of the two. You know? And I was having situations where I was having, wanting to have these deeper layered conversations and you know, I was being told by the people I worked with. Like no one wants to hear that. Like now we can't run that on the air. Like ask more questions about dating, ask questions about beef ask, you know, and for whatever reasons it's like what I had to give and what I felt God wanted me to give it was not valued at the time.


But you're so ahead of your time and now it's okay. Now people are vulnerable. Yeah. Would you see yourself coming back to doing radio? I love radio Because you were so ahead of your time. Now we have those conversations and it's not even a thing we talk about that people are vulnerable. It seems normal almost. But You got the deeply Well podcast. Yeah. Black Effect Network come through. That's right. Yes. And you know the interesting thing about Dev, And I want people to know this, like I met Dev in, I think oh 7, 0 7, 0 8, 0 7, the person dev is now, she's always been like, this is just a, to me, an evolution of who you've always been. You've always been the same one in the room. You know, the, the one in the room that people can go to for, for sound advice.


The leader in the room saying, Hey, let's go do this. We should be doing this. Like, I've, I've always felt that in you, I've always seen that in you. Why you don't work here If you, if you have, order a lay baby. Well, she Was in New York. Yeah. She, she, she was sways co-host for a while. No, I'm saying why she don't work here at Fair East Side. Hi IHeart dog. We got a leader. Good. Y'all, when it comes to healing the way y'all have been healing in this room, I am just so impressed and inspired. Thank you. There have been some beautiful, transparent conversations. Yeah. But you, I love the chapter 15. 'cause it's, we're talking about that in a way. Healing, accept. Yeah. Talk to us why that's important, that you have to heal and then accept.


You know, this is the thing about healing, right? And I've, I've worked in wellness and wellbeing for over a decade now, And I work with clients directly. I, I do workshops, I run retreats. I've had a lot of access to studies and data all around healing, around trauma, around all of it. And I found, you know, from my own journey and with others, it's like there's this misconception that you work on yourself to eventually be rid of everything that's ever happened to you. And that then your life will be perfect. That you'll go to therapy, that you'll do somatic exercises, that you'll meditate. And then one day you're gonna just like everything in life is gonna feel so happy. That's not God's design, right? Like no feeling is more holy than the other.


God wants us to know and experience and feel in real time. Everything that crosses our path. And that means grief, that means joy, that means, you know, jealousy, sometimes anger, that means fear. It's like all of it is part of the human experience. And so when it comes to healing, a, a huge part of it is also accepting that the past can't change for some of us. That that can feel heartbreaking, right? Like a lot of things have happened to so many of us. So hundreds of millions in your life that didn't get your consent. Maybe that you've never uttered aloud. You know, sometimes we carry things and we're thinking about and ruminating in thought our whole life about the things that have hurt us.


And I think it's important for people to know. It doesn't mean you're broken or deficient or not healed because you still remember those things. It's really about changing the way you relate to them. Hmm. Some things will absolutely never change, but when you heal, it really gets transmuted into wisdom where it doesn't feel like this hard, full, painful charge inside of your body. Every time that memory comes up, you're able to kind of look at it from an observer standpoint and be like, that happened. Yeah. And that really hurt. And God, that was hard. And I have respect for what I've been through. I have self-respect for who I am and what I've moved myself through.


All right. We got more with Debbie Brown when we come back. Her new book, A Living in Wisdom, A Path to Embodying Your Authentic Self, embracing Grief and Developing Self Mastery is out right now. We have more with home when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, just hilarious Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Devi Brown. Now, when you talk about working on yourself, what does that mean for people, right? When people who say, I need to work on myself and then they come back 10 hours later, I worked on myself. I'm healed. I'm healed. Oh my God. So, so what does, so for somebody out there that says, you know, I need to work on on myself, what does that mean? God, that's such a good question. And like that I'm healed thing is so funny to me because people will go to one therapy session and be like, yeah, microwavable, I did it.


And it's like, actually it takes eight to 12 therapy sessions to have like a real, you know, cognitive breakthrough or you know, you read one book and it's like, yeah, yeah, I do this because this happened to me and that's who I am. I think that self-awareness, but when you're looking to work on your self to transcend your experiences, there's a difference. Like Instagram has given us so much language. A lot of people are using it to manipulate Now. I Hate the language when it's used the wrong way. Hate it. I no like it bothers the issue outta me. Yeah. It drives me nuts because it's dangerous. Like, to be clear, I agree. It's dangerous. People using certain mental health language that haven't done the work, that don't know the work, it's a manipulation tactic.


It can be very harmful for people. It can be very narcissistic. None of those things are like devoid in the spiritual or the mental health space. All that same stuff still exists. But when it comes to like working on yourself, I think at the base level it's noticing how do you feel when it's just you with you. If there is anything inside of you that feels unmet, unexpressed, unheard. If there's anything inside of you where you feel anxiety, there is a charge in your chest or there is a rejection or a cringe, those are things to notice. 'cause it's information that maybe something wants to rise to the surface for your review. And I think when we're working on ourselves, it's really about being willing to look at the truth of what is, it doesn't have to be perceived as positive or negative, it's just what is true right now.


And then being honest with yourself about it. Well talk about some of the, the, the mental health and mental health things that you've been talking about that I feel have been commercialized to a point where people are using these terms but they don't really mean it. Right? Yeah. So, so talk about that a Little bit about to make Dev go off now. Yeah, no, I wanna talk about, no 'cause it really bothers me 'cause I hear people using these terms and I'm sure they don't even know what these terms mean. Right? Like you saying somebody I, you just gaslit me. Yeah. And I feel like sometimes it actually stops a conversation. 'cause sometimes when people hear those words, they automatically say, oh I ain't that. I'm not talking about that. Especially in a workplace where you can't have a normal conversation if somebody says something. 'cause now when you hear those terms, that also comes after human resources. You know what, Emini here. Absolutely. Yeah. Emini here.


There's just so much and, And I think people should really do like a lot of deeper layers of research, right? Like I think the internet is phenomenal in that the last five years our consciousness has raised so much since the pandemic because we have had access to understand, hey, a lot of people have experienced trauma or a lot of people have experienced life frictions or, you know, deeply challenging relationships. But everyone is stopping at like one graphic, right? Like they're stopping at reading one thing or asking chat GPT one question and then they leave it there, you know? And it's like, so I think a lot of terms like understanding, like a lot of people are overusing the term like narcissist or narcissism, right?


Not getting your way with someone or someone kind of even being self-focused, like every single person alive has some layer of narcissistic behavior. Mm. That's part of like the human expression too. It's some self-focus, but narcissistic abuse is something entirely different. And those that have experienced understand, like you get C-P-T-S-D from it, you get PTSD from it, you have changes in your body, your health decreases, like it is a psychological warfare that is insidious and can dramatically change the trajectory of your life. Now if that level of feeling isn't really happening to you, it may not be narcissistic abuse, you know?


And so I think we just need to go deeper into the layers of the things that we're learning. And I will say people that misuse language or use it as tools of avoidance, typically those are the people that usually are on the other side and fit the other kind of definitions for those things. One thing you told me one time that makes so much sense, And I love the fact that you give so many actual examples of how to do it. In the book, you told me that when it comes to the language, you can have the language and know what it is you're dealing with. But a lot of people avoid the actual healing. Yeah. The healing work. Yeah. So if you, if you read the book, there's a lot of different exercises that can walk you through that actual healing process.


Why do you think, you know, people forget the healing part once they go to therapy because It's hard, you know? And I think it, and that's the thing that I, I really speak to very clearly And in my book, it's like all of this is hard. There is no tip or trick to heal from challenging experiences, right? Like, I'm not gonna tell you, all right, do this five minutes every day. Yes, five minutes every day will build your capacity, but you need to stretch past the five minutes to devote actual real time to the changes you wanna see in your life. And so, you know, something i I talk about in the book is like there's a, a huge difference between having self-awareness and having higher consciousness or being embodied in your self-awareness.


Self-awareness is having the terms, it's going to a couple therapy sessions perhaps or reading a bunch of self-help books and saying like, this is what happened and this is why I act like this and this is why this is this. But it doesn't mean you're changing any of it, right? Like it doesn't mean you're taking it to the next step to behave differently or to invite in different experiences with people. And that comes through practice. That comes through process. And so in this book I talk about a lot like how to get out of your way. A lot of people have a lot of sophisticated language around avoiding themselves. You can avoid yourself with anything. You can avoid yourself with therapy. You're seeing the same therapist for 10 years and nothing in your life changes what's going on in there.


You know? Or you know, I see a lot of people avoid themselves with religion. You can be a part of a church, you can go there on Sundays and you can still not know God. You can still not make better choices, right? It is daily practice. It is showing up in your interpersonal relationships. It is having the hard conversations in real time as they come up and just being present with all of it without expectation, you know, without trying to control it or make it go your way. And so in the book we have a lot of practices. Like I teach meditation in the book. We work with mudras in the book, which are hand positions that can really elevate your meditation practice because your hand positions open different energy channels in your body. There is breath work that can be done in the book and every single one of those practices anchors in the changes that you wanna experience because it shows you how to regulate when you do get triggered when you do have charge.


And so both are needed. You have to have the cognitive and you have to have the somatic, you have to have the spiritual, you have to have the physical. All of it kind of beautifully goes together. Alright, We have more with Devi Brown when we come back. Her new book, living in Wisdom, A Path to Embodying Your Authentic Self, embracing Grief and Developing Self Mastery is out right now. We'll be back it The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Devi Brown Charlamagne. Why is meditation so important? Oh my God. You know, And I think in, in some other maybe wisdom traditions, some people might relate to it, if you call it reflection or if you call it co moments for contemplation.


But meditation is the master healer. 'cause it gets you out of your identity. And our identity is almost a hundred percent made from like all of the culturally created beliefs that we have or our beliefs from our family of origin or you know, the things that we're influenced by by society. And so when you're able to get out of all those extra layers of like what your titles are, you know what the role you play. I'm a husband, I'm a wife, I'm a someone's child, brother, sister, friend. When you take yourself out of all of that, you actually get to glimpse like, what am I designed to be? What was God's intention for me, of me before I fit into anybody's box or any relationship?


And so the thing about meditation, And I, I really wanna share this. You know, I believe in trauma-informed practice. And it's a little bit different to hold that space within the healing community than if you're not. It's recognizing that a lot of people will have barriers to almost every healing modality that comes up because of some of the things that they may have experienced. So in meditation, you're going through so many layers and the first time you try the first several times you try it could be so hard and frustrating and anger inducing and irritating.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the BOS premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint, is about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Yo EZ is your boy Bohan And I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions, and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go. Let's go.


In 2020, a group of young women in a tidy suburb of New York City found themselves in an AI fueled nightmare. Someone was posting photos, It was just me naked, well not me, but me with someone else's body. Parts on my body, parts that looked exactly like my own. I Wanted to throw up, I wanted to scream. It happened in Levittown, New York. But reporting the series took us through the darkest corners of the internet and to the front lines of a global battle against deep fake pornography. This should be illegal, but what is this? This is a story about a technology that's moving faster than the law and about vigilantes trying to stem the tide. I'm Margie Murphy. And I'm Olivia CarVal. This is Levittown, a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts, Bloomberg and Kaleidoscope. Listen to Levittown on Bloomberg's big take podcast. Find it on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Sit down and be still and it could bring up everything and make you feel like you're failing at it. And then you wanna stop and then let me go do things I'm actually good at. You know, that Is literally me. Yeah, yeah. That is, I feel like I'm missing out on doing something or I could, I could be doing this with this time or it's not working it like, so I grow to be frustrated when I try to Yeah. Meditate man. So I just be smoking Me too and that. Yeah. Well Emini here, that too, too. Smoking and meditate is like a great little collaboration and yoga and stretching. But I'm so glad you said that because I think that is almost everyone's response. But especially if you have been through hard things. And what I want everyone to know is that phase passes and that's part of what doing the work is, right?


It's being patient with yourself and witnessing yourself, especially when you don't wanna do it. And it's saying like, God, I'm sitting here And I hate this. This is stupid. Yeah, I don't wanna do this. Breathe. Breathe. Okay, okay. Wiggle, release. Open your body. Like you start meeting those feelings with things that harmonize that experience for you. But eventually the level you're aiming for is like higher and higher consciousness. Higher consciousness means a greater ability to be what you are designed to be on earth. And to also extend love and goodwill and compassion and power and influence to others for the higher good of of all concerned.


Yeah. You also, you dedicated your book, And I, I'm probably gonna pronounce her name wrong, to Ma Hascal May. Haskell Ma Haskell. Yeah. And I didn't know who that was until I went to go look it up. And she was a, a young woman who was dismembered an Encino. What made you want to dedicate the book to her? And you said, I pray you are free. I have to be really careful talking about this because the trial hasn't begun yet. Got you. She was a beautiful woman. I had the privilege and the pleasure of meeting when my son started kindergarten and our boys were friends. And so my son is in first grade, so this just happened last year.


And you know, I'm sure the parents listening, like when your kids are in kinder, like you're still very connected to the other families, right? Because the kids can't communicate on their own. So you're creating the play dates. You guys are getting together for all the birthday parties, like you are seeing each other almost seven days a week. She was the mother of this sweet, beautiful little boy that was in class with my son and two other sons, and her husband is currently incarcerated for allegedly murdering her and her parents. And her body was completely dismembered. Her head was taken, her limbs were taken and not recovered.


Her parents were dismembered and then their bodies were dispersed in the trash cans in my neighborhood. Hmm. There are horrors in this world. You know, I dedicated my book to her for so many reasons, but it's really just like, if someone takes your whole family, who remembers you? Yeah. You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, I wanted to just honor the fact that she was here, that she was alive, and that I will be thinking about her every day of my life. Hmm Mm Wow. Living in wisdom, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. Devi Brown is out today. I got a lot more questions. I just don't know what we, I, I I do. Well, okay. Yeah.


Does everybody need to have a purpose? I think everybody does have a purpose. I think what we get wrong is that purpose has to be quantified by something or that it has to make money. You know, I think just like so many words are being appropriated right now within mental health. I think other words are being used for performance, for really self validation sometimes. Or ego, right? Yeah. Like, you hear people, well my purpose is this, or you know, what's my purpose? And it's just another thing that you are kind of misp pouring yourself into purpose in my belief is simply your lived experience and the wisdom you've gleaned from it. It's the skills you've amassed in any and everything you could have ever done.


It's your innate gifts, you know, the things that you have that God gave you. And it's then using it to serve, putting it back into service for others. And so, you know, it's like I could say my purpose is talking, right? Because I was a broadcaster for years. I lead meditation, I communicate all the things, but really, like, I look at my purpose as like being able to be in darkness with people. You know, I think my life's greatest purpose is the fact that like, I'm not afraid of the dark And I can be in darker moments and not recoil with other people, that I can hold space for that. And I think, you know, that may not be the most glorious purpose. It's not the thing that's maybe gonna land me on a billboard, but it's the thing that like God trained me for.


It's the thing that my life has bloomed into. And I love it. I love that. I love how you break that down. And also you spoke to how people overuse words. Because half the time people don't even know how to answer that question. Well, what is your purpose? Like me, I still don't know what my purpose is. Emini here, I'm, I'm grateful for the woman that yeah, I'm becoming and my spiritual growth and everything, but I still don't know what my purpose is. And what if it's not just one thing? You know what Emini here. Exactly. And that's the thing. It's not Yeah, it's not. You know, and like, it's okay if finding your purpose takes your whole life. Yes. It's the point of being alive. Like why do we think we have to move so quickly through everything? That's the validation piece, right?


Yeah. Like that's the wanting to be seen in it or celebrated for it. But like, if it's your life's work, it is supposed to take your whole life. Yeah, that's right. Because my mother-in-law, my husband's mother, he, she literally just told me, she just found out what her purpose is. Wow. And that is to take care of, like, to oversee her granddaughter. I just gave her a beautiful granddaughter, her fir very first grandchild. And that's what she said holding a baby like a few months ago. Oh, I know what my purpose is now is to be here with my family and to take care of my family. 'cause she was living out the country for decades. You see? Please Don't. No, that was him. That's him. He started what just happened? We started.


Why Let you have this moment Say anything, Say Debbie. Don't they trying to say I think that's her purpose because of ice being no, Ain't got nothing to do. No ice. Don't try to talking About she came back, No. Don't have nothing to do with, she Came back over here to take care of my child and they, every day they joke about her being sent back, Debbie. And I dunno what it's, but yes. Literally, so you know. Oh Man. Emini here. I understand the friction in this room. Yeah. I, I get why They just have to grow up because Debbie Brown, living in wisdom, a path to embodying your authentic self, embracing grief and developing self mastery available everywhere.


You buy books now go pick it up. That's right. Go. If you love the sound of Deb's voice, if you miss her on the radio, you can go get the audio version as well and make sure you subscribe to her podcast, the Deeply Well podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. Deb, you already know I love you to death. Thank you. Three. I love you, big fan. Appreciate You. Oh, remember her knocking nobody out. That never happened. Do we have To get back to that? I Don remember that. Give each other grace. Even the oldies. It's The Breakfast Club Morning. All the versions. All the versions. Shout out to Debbie Brown, man, make sure you go pick up her new book. Living in Wisdom of Path to Embodying your Authentic Self, embracing Grief and developing Self-Mastery. Man S to Debbie. Yes. Salute to Debbie. All right. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren coming straight fast.


She Gets from Somebody that knows somebody, she gets the details. I'm The home girl that knows a little bit about Everything. She'll be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, was the latest on The Breakfast Club Talk, talk to me. So Miss Tina Knowles revealed in a sit down exclusively with People Magazine that she'd actually been battling and she's now cancer free stage one breast cancer. Let's take a listen. Wow, I'm doing great. Cancer free feeling great and just feeling very incredibly blessed that, you know, God allowed me to find that early.


Well, I struggle with whether I would share that journey because I'm very private, but I decided to share it because I think it's a lot of lessons in it for other women. I wanted to make sure that they knew how important it is not to slack on your mammograms because you don't have to let this Emini here. You, we can catch cancer at stage one, even stage zero. I didn't know that there was a stage zero. I could have caught this at stage zero if I had not missed my mammogram, but I did because of covid. And as a result it was stage one. It could have been stage zero. So you have to go get your mammograms. Oh God bless it. I'm glad you was able to catch it early, man.


And I, And I love to hear when, when people talk about their journey, right, because sometimes people forget or they don't talk about it enough. Like Gia missed her, but she was able to to catch us four years later. Even with Charlemagne and myself talking about colonoscopies. Yeah. People need to go to the doctor. You need to get checked out. Yes. 'cause you need to catch it before it gets worse, you know? Yes. And I remember there used to be like an age requirement for, you used to have to wait till you're 40 to get a mammogram. Now you can get it like in your twenties. Yeah. Because I'm sure if you got a history in your family, they probably encourage you to go get it earlier. Yeah. So I definitely encourage young women to get 'em Too. Is there another way? I I I thought there was another way of doing a mammogram. I know there's one way the women Actually put, they smashed down on it. Yeah.


But then there's another way. You don't have to show us envy. You don't even have any re But I wish there was another way though. They didn't have to. Like they Do all the stuff. Yeah. Okay. Vy was holding that Was was saying because I'm, I'm delicate with the neck. It's just awkward. Like, you know, just put it in the machine. All right. Oh, they keep you all awake when they do that. So it's not like colonoscopy. Yes. They Say it hurts. It's painful, right? Yes, it is painful. Colonoscopy be cold enough, they knock you out. Nb like be awake. But like, they like put pressures, Like they knock you off for the Colonoscopy. Yeah. They Put you to sleep. Yeah. Unless you, unless you want to be awake. No, They have to put you to sleep. That's quick. I thought the colonoscopy was quick. You don't know. You Put, they put you to sleep, you knocked out. Wow. Yeah.


I'm over my physical today. Yeah. Look at you. You're definitely awake. Prostate. You cannot say that. I can say that. No, I'm talking about prostate exams. But you can't say the, that's ridiculous. If y'all believe that's Crazy. Do not be, But I'm going today. I know you, you don't Even have an, You don't even got no appointment. You just wanna be going through. Why Is she having to go through Mr. Casey? Jesus. Well She's, so Miss Tinana know is promoting her book Matriarch. So she has been talking or releasing a lot of the, you know, different excerpts from the book. And in one of the, the passages, she actually talks about Beyonce and Jay-Z and how Beyonce chose to be with Jay-Z because she says at the time, Beyonce was actually dating another guy.


And it was like really serious. But at the same time she had started dating Jay-Z and Beyonce came to her, a player, Houston player. She was dating, she wasn't in a relationship, she was just dating. And she came to Messina and was like, I don't know what to do. Because at this point, like they, I think both the guys that came into Houston at one point, she was like, I need to make a decision. So Messina was like, well how do you feel? And, and she was like, I already knew it was Jay-Z for her. Mm. And when they talked about it, it was him. And that's where she decided to go. And she was like, you know, they were young just talking on the phone, barely getting to spend time with each other. He would come and do dinner at her house because they couldn't go anywhere for real. And that's how their relationship developed early on. She also talked about, y'all remember back in 2011 when Beyonce got pregnant with Blue Ivy, people was saying that she didn't deliver the baby. Yes.


Ms. Tina for the first time talked publicly about how she felt going through all of that because she was told not to say anything. Let's take a listen. I wanna talk about fame and the impact that has on a family. You say it's specifically about just the rumors. Fiance's first with Blue. What was that Like to hear people say the most horrendous things and to call my whole family a lie, you know, because we would all have to be part of that conspiracy and lie about something so sacred. It was, it was one of the worst times in my life because I couldn't say anything. My daughter was saying, no, 'cause you are just gonna make the story bigger so don't say anything. It's gonna go away.


But it didn't go away for a long time. And it's one of the most painful things for me to know that, that people could just be that disgusting and people just get to lie and they don't have to suffer any consequences. I knew Beyonce was, would be telling Miss Tina, like, don't say nothing. Right. But just imagine being the mother having to shut up and sit back and see because like she said, they would all have to be a part of that. Right. And we saw pregnant Joy time. Yeah. Like, and this is what this girl wanted. This is what she wanted for a while, a long time. And y'all talking about its fake. So yeah, she also got into details of like Beyonce and Jay-Z's wedding and talked about how they had to do it so private because again, they didn't want it to get out.


So they literally had to do it inside of a house. And her, miss Tina and Jay's mom cooked the food. Like everything had to be so, so private, so sacred. She also, for the first time in this book, talks about her split from Mr. Matthew knows. Lemme make sure I get Mr in there. Okay. Not Over. You gonna call Up here? Yeah. So she, she says that they were married in 1980, divorced in 2011, but it was because he was a really, really horrible cheater. He actually had a baby within their marriage and that was like the last straw for her. Oh my. Yeah. She said that like in two, 2009 is when he had the baby on her. But before that he would do some crazy things when it came to cheated and she would take 'em back every time because she kind of just couldn't let it go. Yeah. And then when that happened she was like, nah, I can't do this.


And they actually thought about getting together at some point, but she was like, she knew that the girls would be upset at him. But is baby back Together? Yeah. Where is the baby? Where's the family? She does, he has other kids outside of Beyonce and Solange. I don't know where that baby, The baby daddy had. Yeah, it's a, it's his, it's his a boy. I think it's his son. Let me look this up. He has, so outside of Beyonce and Solange, he has Nixon. Alexander knows and Coy Michael knows. So I two kids? Yes. Yep. Two sons. All right. That's how you know Tina named Beyonce and Solange because them names sound regular. These names sound too regular. Right. Okay. Yeah. Is that book out? Yes. Matriarch is now out. It's available now. Yep. And it's all about Miss Tina's life and not just Beyonce and Solange and that, but really about her life, her upbringing.


She talks about, you know, watching her brother almost get killed by the cops at one point. Just Yeah, it's a lot that you learned about her and, And in watching her talk throughout the interviews too, Matthew know Mr. Matthew Knowles is not doing any interviews anymore. 'cause he doesn't like when people talk about his personal life, like they put questions not to ask and how can you not ask these questions when you know Tina Knowles talks about it. Miss Tina Knowles talks about it. Yeah. And then what else is we gonna ask you? Well, I interviewed Mr. Matthew knows about, he, he has a cancer company that he works with that helps people find, like help In aid when you're going through like cancer and different things. Nice. And we had a very great conversation. Beyonce never came up and he was super nice at, but he wasn't allowed to ask about it. I didn't want to.


Okay, good. I did. You know, I wanted to I told you not to. Told not to, not to. I was waiting. I'm like, y'all gonna let me Just say I didn't want y'all know I wanted to, but he was, he was great. She bragged about it like it didn't come up once Come told. Better not. Alright. Happy birthday. John cna. Who you get that from? It's, it is John CNA birthday. Oh, He just broke the record too. He's the, I think he's the, he's been WWE champion 17 times. Absolutely broke Rich Flas record. He follows me on Twitter. Isn't that random? Really? John cna. Hey Yo. I know that's like you be having some of the most random like potential. No, no, not like that.


Like what? What? Don't get the days up next, right? Yes, it is. Who we get down to too much before after that hour. We need you at Department of Education to come to the front congregation. We'd like to have a word with them, please. All right, We'll get to that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Your execution on the Donkey of the Day is something to go, Hey, gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve the, we need to know they what you need to tell them. I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell them. Tell them tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne involved. Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty Day to now?


Well, sexy Red Donkey of the Day for Wednesday, April 23rd goes to the US Department of Education who under the Trump administration announced on Monday that it will resume debt collections for federal student loan borrowers who have defaulted on their debt. So millions of borrowers are at risk of having federal payments or portions of their salaries withheld in the coming months because the White House said it can and will take borrowers wages, pensions, and tax refunds. Let's go to K-O-A-A-N-B-C five for the report please. Major whiplash for millions of federal student loan holders. For the first time in five years, the Department of Education will start collecting, restart, collecting.


That is federal student loans. In default, student loans go into default after 270 days without any payment. The Trump administration said in a statement quote, there will not be any mass loan forgiveness. The Trump administration has announced we will put an end to Joe Biden's illegal student BA loan. Bailout attempts Loans have been on pause since March of 2020 because of COVID-19, the Biden and Harris administration even tried to cancel the debts of millions of borrowers. Now the Trump administration says the previous administration did not have authority to cancel that debt and it will start collections as soon as May 5th.


Debt cannot be wiped away. It just ends up getting transferred to others. So why should Americans who didn't go to college or went to college and responsibly paid back their loans, pay for the student loans of other Americans? I didn't go to college so I don't have student loan debt, so this won't impact me, but that doesn't mean I'm not gonna care about this. Okay? The reason I care about this is because I care about people. All right? Period. It doesn't matter what your financial situation is. If you live in a country, what people are barely getting by, that is not gonna make for a pleasant society. Not to mention working class people are a benefit to our business. Okay? Working class people who are listening to this, they're the ones who listen to this show every day, okay? They're the people who buy books. They come to the comedy shows, they'll spend their hard earned money to be at the Black Effect Podcast Festival this Saturday in Atlanta.


And every working class person in this country should be able to pay their bills and have a little leftover for recreation. Okay? They should have some money for leisure activities. And if you voted for Donald Trump because he promised to make the economy better, you gotta be scratching your head right now. Okay? Donald Trump said he was gonna make the economy better on day one, but all he is done so far is cut. Federal programs that benefit working class people put Elon Musk in charge to fire a bunch of federal, federal workers. This half-ass trade war that's going on that's hurting our wallets and 401k plans. And now the White House is bringing more pain to millions of Americans by restarting debt collection for student loan borrowers who have fallen into default.


I hope that you all realize this is just po politicians playing with the lives of people again. Right? I was reading an op-ed that Linda McMahon wrote in the Wall Street Journal, and she blamed the Biden administration and universities for making empty promises to students while pocketing their loan dollars. She said, greedy colleges have profited massively from Biden era forgiveness measures. When I read that, I said to myself, oh, the American people once again have to suffer because of this pissing contest between Democrats and Republicans. See, I hate when political parties do that. If Republicans do something that's good and benefit people dim should let it stand. If Democrats do something that's good, that benefits people, Republicans should let it stand. Linda McMahon said, colleges profit massively from Biden era forgiveness loans.


Well, Linda, there are plenty of corporations, institutions, and people in the Trump administration who profit massively from things y'all do too. I honestly don't care as long as the working class people are getting some relief when the rich get richer and the poor don't get a devil damn thing, that's not good. But if the rich get richer and people are able to get some money in they pocket too so they can live, that's a beautiful society. Okay? And I don't want to hear you idiots say, no, they gotta pay these loans back. You can't get a loan and not pay it back. Sure, but how come there is never that sense of urgency to pay loans back when it comes to these corporations? Okay, 2008 financial crisis. US government bailed out banks. A IG got 182 billion, Citigroup got 45 billion in tarp funds and hundreds of billions in loan guarantees.


Bank of America got 45 billion through the TARP program. Those were loans. 2009 auto industry GM got 50 billion in federal aid. Chrysler got 12 billion. GM filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy and had over 30 billion in debt. Wiped out. What about during Covid Airlines? Delta, United American Airlines all got billions in payroll supporting loans. And my point is, I don't ever hear or see about these corporations getting pressured to pay money back the way we are so quick to do American citizens. Yes, I'm glad all these institutions were able to stay afloat. We need those institutions, we need the airlines, we need the banks. But don't we need the American people to, is it really gonna hurt us as a country if we don't garnish the wages of student loan borrowers if we don't take from their pensions, their tax refunds, is it really gonna make or break us as a society if we choose to simply let those folks be for the time being?


Why at a time like this, would the Department of Education and the Trump administration be doing this? Because it's not about what's right, it's about revenge. I'm not a Joe Biden fan. I think his legacy is trash. But the student loan forgiveness that he provided was great. Okay. One of the better things on his resume. But Donald Trump is hell bent on wiping his ass with Joe Biden's resume. It's that simple. And we, the people have to suffer because folks have political scores to settle. Please let Remi ma give the US Department of Education the biggest Heehaw, Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid motherfucker. Are you dumb? Yep. That's what we said earlier. It makes no sense. None whatsoever.


They Deserve that. All right, well thank you for that Donkey of the Day. Yes Ma'am. Now when we come back, Alycia Johnson will be joining us. She has a new book called Flip the Tables and we're gonna talk to her next. So don't go anywhere. What's the whole No, what's the whole book name? Flip the tables now. What? Clip the tables. Because tables Need to every disrupt this guide to finding courage and making change. I Know that's right. Your, your book title better be shortened. The way you be coming at these, these People long after title. Sure. It it sure is. I'm going back and forth with them right now. We talking about, oh, you need a subtitle and why? That's, that's what it should be called. And why? Why It's The Breakfast Club. Good Morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. Her new Book, flip the Tables is out right now. We have Lencia Johnson. Welcome. Thank You. I'm glad to be Here. How you feeling? I Feel good. Interesting to say that in the midst of everything going on, but I feel good taking care of myself and getting this message out. Well we find joy what we can. Right, right. We have to. You got to. Yeah. That's the only way to survive. Absolutely. I love the title of your book because I think that, you know, people don't ever expound on that part of Jesus enough. You know what, Emini here By Crank Jesus. Yes. Yeah. Flip the tables, the everyday Disruptors guide to finding Courage and Making change. Break that title down.


Yeah. You know, it act, I'm glad you mentioned that reference. I'm a pastor's daughter. I love that story of Jesus and, and all of my work, I've worked on a lot of presidential campaigns, I've worked for Planned Parenthood. People constantly ask me, oh my goodness, how can I make change? And they think it has to be at this massive scale. But what I realized is that when we find the courage to really be ourselves and to live in our truth and to speak up in rooms and do these small acts of disruption every single day, it doesn't actually require folks to quit their jobs and run for office. I don't think a lot of people should do that. It doesn't require us to be like Dr. King or you know, having these massive platforms, which are really important. But there are things that folks can do every single day.


And I found that getting connected to your individual purpose and having the courage to be who you are is directly connected to being an everyday disruptor that propels our communities forward. And I think it's kind of divine that it's such a time as this that it came out when I started writing this book five years ago. And who knew that it would come out three months after, a few months after Donald Trump was elected again, You worked on the VP's campaign, right? And you did you work, you worked with her, Joe, the Barack Obama brother too, right? Yep. I, I worked on, I worked on Joe Biden Obama's campaign, Joe Biden's campaign, Elizabeth Warren's campaign, and Vice President Harris's campaign. What bothers me is I know people like you exist and people like you work for these individuals. Why aren't they disruptive enough?


Why don't they flip tables? Why do they keep, why do they don't? Why don't, why don't they have the courage to disrupt the status quo? You Talking about Barack Kamala? All of them. Yeah, all of them. Yeah. Well, you know, it's interesting because I don't, I don't wanna say I look at, well, I, I don't think I look at all of them. In essence the same in democratic politics And in politics in general. Elected officials try, I think, tend to follow a certain path, right? And sometimes it seems as though making sure that the status quo remains. I do think if we step back a little bit, Barack Obama was a bit of a disruptor, right? Because Of, because of him though, because of his Identity, 'cause of him his identity. But, and, and because he, you know, folks told him he shouldn't have ran and he and he did.


Right Now there's a whole system at play that folks, you know, when you become the president of the United States or the nominee nominee for the president of the United States, you know, you uphold this party platform. But the reality is, I don't look at them to disrupt what our country needs politically. I actually look at us as the people in the groundswell, which is why it's just as important. Yes, I work for a lot of presidential campaigns, but it's just as important Toro to work for these local races, to work for these primary races, to work for these governor's races. All of these people who are actually trying to challenge the system and get more reflective folks in and position to actually push forward the policies we care about, like universal healthcare and you know, racial justice and, and access to abortion and all of those things.


And so, you know, it takes a lot of courage to shake the table and it takes a lot of courage to concede that if you're gonna shake the table, you actually might lose in the short term, but you're going to create a path for other people to push forward that change. And it'll be a little bit easier. Because you were there and you started something, How did you get into politics? What got you into politics in that part of the game? I think it was always in me. I talk about my late grandmother in the book often. I actually dedicate the book to her, miss Ozella Bennett. And she was one of those people who much like a lot of our ancestors, their names aren't in history books, but they were foot soldiers. My grandmother was in the church. I'm the dog of a pastor. So I grew up in the black church and there's a lot of politics there, right?


A lot of social justice there. And just this understanding that where much is given much is required, that my gifts are not my own and that they are actually on loan and that I actually have to get those out and help The World around me. And my grandmother, no matter how much she had or what she didn't have, she always felt like she had to stand in the gap. And voting for me is just all Emini. Here I would go to with my parents through the voting booth. I had that little sticker, but that was just like one part of it. I had to be an active participant in The World that I wanted to create. And so for me it was just kind of natural that it would be a part of my life. Now how I got to my position, I talk about it in the book. I, I didn't know anybody in democratic politics. When I moved to DC I was working a corporate job, I just had a dream.


I was like, oh, this black man is president. I think I kind of wanna work for his reelection campaign and figured out how to network with folks and ended up taking a job that I wasn't even qualified for. But they took a chance on me And I figured it out from there. And I can't just sit on the sidelines and critique something and not be a part of it. And I also understand how engaging, if so many more of us engaged in the, the, the process, the outcomes will look different. Our communities will look different. But for whatever reason there are so many barriers for us to engage. And that's another reason why I wanted to be part of this. Because I felt like, well if I can do this and people can identify with me, maybe it won't feel as hard for me to engage in politics. Maybe, you know, I won't feel ashamed that I don't know every single term that they're using or every single way that a policy is developed.


I'll be honest with you, sometimes when I have to go on CNN at M Ms N Bt, M-S-N-B-C and talk about something, I gotta research what I'm talking about. Because government class was in high school. I'm 37 years old, I don't remember everything. And so if I can't remember all these things, right, if I have to continue to inform myself, imagine all the other people who are just scared to participate because they don't know. It's not that they don't want to. And so I know that I have to be a representative of that. But I also, again, it's this calling where much is given, much is required and I'm required to make my communities better. I think right now with politics and like how we're seeing people get messages out through like TikTok and stuff like that, things are changing. Absolutely. And I saw an interview that you did where you talked about you weren't the most qualified, but you were the most recommended when it came to working for the Obamas.


And I saw another interview where you talked about your red flag is you chapter in your book, oh girl. And I put in both of those together. I think that there's like a renaissance of like new political leaders, but they're afraid that they don't know enough or that they can't challenge the Trumps of The World. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So how do you speak to those leaders that are coming up in this book? Because they're there. Yeah. They just need to figure out how to do what you did. No, they literally are there. Which is why I start the book with disruption of self.


Hey, what Up y'all is DJ Envy? The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news you don't have to bring, bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your A tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowes Premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Yo Kpop is, it's your boy Bohan, and I'm bringing you something Epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews, and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world, and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions, and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the K factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.


In 2020, a group of young women in a tidy suburb of New York City found themselves in an AI fueled nightmare. Someone was posting photos. It was just me, naked, well, not me, but me with someone else's body. Parts on my body, parts that looked exactly like my own. I wanted to throw up, I wanted to scream. It happened in Levittown, New York, But reporting the series took us through the darkest corners of the internet and to the front lines of a global battle against deep fake pornography. This should be illegal, but what is this? This is a story about technology that's moving faster than the law and about vigilantes trying to stem the tide. I'm Margie Murphy. And I'm Olivia CarVal. This is Levittown, a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts, Bloomberg and Kaleidoscope. Listen to Levittown on Bloomberg's big take podcast. Find it on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


Right? We actually have to look in the mirror, and that's the hardest thing to do. One thing that I've realized in working in advocacy spaces and political spaces, I'm not in trouble for saying this, but we're telling The World to treat us well and to vote for us to enact these policies that see us as worthy for humanity and all of these things and fighting for justice. And yet we're not treating each other well. Right? And a lot of that is because we are not healthy. We're not dealing with the things that are, are holding us back from being who we are. We're not dealing with this trauma, and we are, we are doing this interpersonal harm that is actually not allowing us to do the work that needs to be done for communities. And so, I, I put that chapter, the red flag is you and the disruption of self section of the book.


Because so many times we are the ones that are getting in our own way. Mm. And that's why, you know, the only thing stopping us sometimes Yes, there's the system, right? Like there's all of that. And yet at the same time, sometimes it's, it's us getting in our own way. Alright? We have more with Lencia Johnson when we come back. Her new book, flip the Tables is out now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne ne Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. We're still kicking with Lencia Johnson. Her new book, flip the Tables is out right now. Lauren, What, what about your, 'cause I know you did a lot of work with Planned Parenthood and now a lot of what you were doing is, is they they ain't supporting that. Yeah. So when you do all this work, you stopped taking the rest to, to fight, to make, to break this ground.


And then you see this new administration come in who's completely against it and it's stripping all of that. You feel defeated or like what happens now? Because yeah, you're not there Anymore. No Emini here. And then they have the audacity to talk about they want to put policies in place for people to have more babies and give people $5,000. I'm like, but y'all voted against a child tax credit. So what's interesting about working at Planned Parenthood, I worked there for six years at the national office and talk about disruptive being the daughter of a pastor lover of Jesus and advocating for abortion rights. People are like, how do you reconcile that? I was like, I I I just exist. Literally. I just exist. And the teachings of Jesus, the red text in the Bible tells me a lot of ways in which I should show up in The World.


When I look at, when I was working at Planned Parenthood, president Obama was still in office. And I was like, oh, we good. You know, he believes in reproductive freedom. This is great. And they're like, oh no, let's look at these state policies and these states that are overturning the right to access to abortion. And not only access to abortion, but sex education, contraception, all of these things. And just gutting healthcare systems and, and health centers that are helping people who have nowhere else to go. When I look at what's happening now at the federal level, and you know, the Trump administration is literally going after organizations like Planned Parenthood, it reminds me that these people do not care about people at the margins.


They do not care about low income folks who have nowhere else to go. And if you actually wanted people to have more children in this country, you would up, you would actually support and bolster the healthcare system instead of gutting it. We last week was black maternal health week, and black maternal mortality is on the rise. Maternal mortality across the country, across the demographics is on the rise in the wealthiest nation. And so it's challenging, it's frustrating. There's this Alice Walker quote I put at the beginning of the book, and I'm paraphrasing it. You have to keep a healthy soul on the face of constant oppression, which reminds you that at the end of the day, there's going to continuously be something that you're fighting for. So how do you maintain your spirit in order to keep going?


And that is through the joy and the rest and all of those things can coexist together while you're also still fighting for the ability to have agency over my body. The one thing I will say of everything being burnt down from abortion access to everything that's happening in our country, it gives us the opportunity to build something better and something new. I don't wanna rebuild the old because the old was clearly it was able to be dismantled. I actually now wanna be able to imagine something even better that's actually going to work. And how do we build that? And that's actually what gets me up at night. I'm like, I'm not fighting these people to rebuild what didn't work. I have this vision that excites me to build something even better, even on the days that are hard.


And, and that's too simple. Even, you know, I'm going back to the urgency. And now when people ask us now, they like, they'll tell us all of these different things that Trump is doing every single day. And they're like, yo, what are, what do you think of that? And I'm like, I don't know what to think. 'cause I'm like, what am I even supposed to do? Yeah. Because it always seems like the urgency is put on we the people, right? But then when these elected officials that we voted for from 2020 to 2024 when they were in the White House, they didn't govern with a sense of urgency. And that's what always gets me about Democrats. Whenever it's election time, it's a sense of urgency. It's on y'all. It's the threat of democracy. And you know, you, you're gonna lose all your rights and everything else, but you don't govern like that when you get in office. Yeah. You know, it, it is frustrating. I will say I don't pay attention to what that man is doing all day, every day, because then I'll just sit in this place where I'm immobile.


Right? But I do look for, for small pockets of hope. And to your point, it, it does end up being us that have to save our own communities. But like, I think that's in general a nature of who we are as a people. And that is community Emini. Here, look at, you know, our friends who started State of the People, which I was a part of, you all broadcasted and now it's going, now there's a whole tour. So Dan, Shout out to Angela Rye and Joy Reid and so many folks who are, are just building something beautiful, reminding us of our power as community. And I think out of that births, people who will govern with urgency of now. So I write about Ayanna Presley in the book, but I also write about Shirley Chisholm who was just fed up and was like, oh, I'm going to actually be the one that changes.


You know, David Hogg, who was the vice chair of the DNC, but was a a, a survivor of Parkland shooting. He's done all of this activism and now he's challenging. He's getting a lot of heat. That man is absolutely, he's getting a lot of heat. I have said that, I said that two months ago. Anybody who's not willing to fight in the Democratic Party should be primary Akeem Jeffries, Chuck Schumer. Y'all should resign if y'all are not the people that can meet this moment. I really feel that way. And anybody else in the Democratic Party who's not willing to fight should be primary. I'm all for what David Hogg is doing. I said that months ago. And, and listen, you know, there are some people who disagree with it, but he said, listen, change has to, we can't just keep talking about change.


That's right. You gotta actually go after it. And whether or not you believe in what he's doing, whether or not you believe that there needs to be new leadership, whatever it is, like change isn't gonna just happen. When we sit around and wish for it, we actually have to do something about it. And sometimes in order to get these folks to operate with some urgency, you gotta put some pressure and some heat under them. That's why everybody in the party should have had a copy of this book. Flip your, flip the table ab a long No, I don't know if the Earth did, if it's, if they gonna do it though they have No choice Now. They, they don't have, we never don't have, when do we ever have A choice? No, there's really no choice now. I feel like it's always fight or fight. Like do what you gotta do to get outta this situation. For us it's Different. I could be wrong And I hear you, but it just, I feel like it is different, but I don't feel like it, anything has changed about the way that people are handling it.


I don't really feel the sense of urgency. There was an interview that you talked about, DEI you're like, these companies are folding, it was a glamor magazine and you said these companies are folding, they don't understand that the proximity to the president isn't power. Power is showing him that he needs you. People are not gonna do that. Everything that we're talking about, people just don't do it, You know? But I, I think what I hear you and I do have to remind us, Saul, that this man has only, he hasn't even been in office a hundred days. Lord have mercy. But because we are in such a information overload, it feels like forever It does. It's like you open Instagram And I'm seeing restaurant I wanna go to, and then I'm seeing what this man is doing in the White House. That's right. So like, we're in this information overload. And yet, and at the same time I think about at the State of the Union, shout out to Congressman Green and y'all had him up here.


And I was like, oh my gosh. Every single Democrat should have gotten up right after him. He said that too. Absolutely. And disrupted the entire speech. Right. And then when you know Senator Booker did his filibuster, people were saying, yes, this is what we need more of. And now you're seeing more people in the streets. And I think people are, are are, some of our elected officials are understanding that there's more that they can do now. And then there are still going to be some who don't. And we have midterm elections and special elections And I am all about getting people in office who are going to be effective and also us participating in that. If you, whether you agree with them or disagree with them, if they represent you, you have the power and the right to show up and tell them what is working and what isn't working.


And I want more of us to, I want our elected officials to be scared. I want our elected officials to be like, my constituents aren't going for this. Or my constituents told me I have to do this and that's why I'm doing it. Absolutely. Or flip the tables is out right now. Valencia Johnson, the everyday disruptors guide to finding courage in Making change. And this isn't a book, you know, just for people politics who are in the politics. No, just in life. Life. You wanna learn how flip some damn tables like Jesus did. Yes. More of that. Yes. Like can you imagine like Jesus flipping over tables? I he was angry. Yes. I think you should, should I think you should find a table to flip. Listen. Okay, we, that's a whole nother conversation for us to have that With the wine. Listen, You turn Water.


The wine Johnson. This is The Breakfast Club. Good morning Y'all. The Breakfast Club Morning. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Envy. You just reminded me. Salute to my guy Mr. Show me the money. Mr. Show Money is his name. Mr. Show Money. I was in Newark, New Jersey over the weekend and he gave some gifts for Jess and Lauren t-shirt and you as well. But he told me to give you this some rero. What's that for? He said, he said, get at the cowboy. I said, who is Cowboy? He said, envy. And I said, why you call him Cowboy? He said, you know what I'm talking about. So I'm just, I don't know what he's talking about and I'm just passing you to some. But that's a sombrero though. That's a, I'm not Mexican and I'm not Latino.


This is Well you Dominican. I'm Not Dominican. Well, why do you get me a Sombrero? I bet you know how to wear it. You look at you, you put it your head, you know exactly how to wear it. That is so cute. You too big for that. They all over Jess's in-law's house. Listen, they look, you know. Exactly. Look at you. Oh there you go. There you go. But that's good. What, what? What did I say with this in barrel? Like what Now? You don't know. I don't, yeah. Right. Huh. Well speaking of Lee, right last how we got like, she gonna take a shot right now. Oh Wait, she always looked like she about to take a shot. Hurry. Yes. Just say Buenos Diaz. Buenos Diaz Eno. Good morning. Good, good Day. I'm actually DJing Tequila Fest in Atlanta next week.


So this, I'm definitely, I'm gonna take my some bread with me. There You go. Why did that happen this weekend? My, so we could do the Black Effect Festival and then go drink tequila at Shut up your alcoholic. Let's get to, she gets from somebody that know some, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She'd be having the latest on. Good Lord. The latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Ryan Coogler has posted a thank you letter to his EXAC account and it is the sweetest thing ever. Drop a bomb From Ryan Coler. Yes, Please drop up.


Do do it another time. Red. Woo. He deserves two of them. Can you do two in a row? Is that okay? Thank you. So he posted this letter to his EXAC account and he's just talking about how grateful he is and how his heart is bursting with gratitude because everybody that came out and supported sin over its opening weekend over Easter weekend. He says he wants to thank everybody who went and brought a ticket. Go see it. You know, people who carpooled, who you know, got babysitters, made a new friend while they were there. You know, he talks about how he believes so much in sine cinema and a theatrical experience and he doesn't get to do what he does if people don't come out and see it. That's right. Sins was a spiritual experience. Yes. They mixed black music. Black Magic, the black church, the creator Black masterpiece, man s that Ryan Kugel thing that I kept hearing about was the soundtrack.


Like I kept Hearing about the soundtrack. Oh, the music was fire. Everything was fire. Like the music, the way that it looked, the coloring, the storyline, the acting. That's what's Up. Yeah, I'm going this week. I was supposed to go last night, but I couldn't make it. I'm going this week though. Same. I'm gonna go again. I'm gonna go for a third time just because I was just Oh, So you Say the movie three times. I know that's right. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna go again for a third time. Just be, first of all, it's one of the movies you can Watch it. You went with different dudes too, didn't you? Wow. Actually indeed. And what's up with It? What's wrong with that? Wow. That's, that's why you went to go see, remember I told you how she got three dudes that day on Valentine's. Three people sent her flowers up. Wow. Yeah. You Beyonce mother. Like, I don't know what First, What should I do First I went by myself.


First of all, liar. I swear I went by myself the first time I watched it. I watched part, I watched up until a certain point because we were interview, you know, Every time you lie you stutter. Second time I by myself. And then the third time I'm gonna go by my, tell them what you back there laughing at because they know You Lying. Okay. Anyway, back, back to Ryan Cooler. Not enough about me. I thought he did something that was really sweet. At the end of the letter though, he ended the letter. Then he said PS and he talked about the fact that people are making a big deal about him and Michael b Jordan's relationship. Him and his wife's or they're married or they, I believe they're married. His wife Married, yeah. They're him and his wife's relationship and you know, other relationships that he's had that, you know, spanned across all of these years and helped him be the creator that he is.


But he said he wanted to take a second to shout out Michael Shaver, who is their picture editor, who he's been working with for over 15 years. And if you see any of the photos from the film and just like how cinematic and then like the photography, like the stills or whatever from the film. Yeah. Fire as well too. Wow. But I thought that that was so fired that he took the time to do that, to make sure this man got his shot. He said that this guy missed, missed the press tour because he was spending time with his family. Mm. So he wanted to make sure he got some love as well too. But Ryan Coogler, Ben, he been out here doing the thing. Great Individual. I love Ryan Cougar's mustache girl. For real. That's, that's the first time I actually seen a mustache like that actually looks good because you know, that's Steve Harvey mustache.


Like, but when you put it on Ryan with the straight backs and nothing else on his face, he says, okay, I can see, I can see that little resident. Andy got an unprecedented deal for D for cni. He did. So he actually did a deal with Warner Brothers where he will retain the rights to the fem centers in 25 years. Yeah. He Gets the ownership price back up. Yep. And that has been the source of a lot of the conversation as well too. And people are talking about how, well some people Oh, one more thing too. He secured a first dollar gross deal. Yes. Talk about what that is and why that's important. It means that he receives a portion of box office revenue before the studio even begins recouping its production costs. Oh wow. Which Is a big deal. And deals like this don't happen often. I think the last time that people keep pointing back to that things like this have happened was Quentin Tarantino and he, he mentions Quentin Tarantino in his letter as one of his inspirations for what he does as well too.


Yeah. But as of today, he has grossed $45.6 million domestically and $71 million globally at during his open weekend. Opening weekend. Yes. That dope. We gotta keep supporting. Congratulations. Shout to And that's original IP man. That's an original story. Yes. Written by Ryan Kogler, like drop on the mine for Ryan Kogler. That's all of the original IP that Hollywood is looking for exists in the south. Love the see black folklore from the south. And he, he includes family photos in his letter as well too. 'cause he talks about how it, it stems from his ancestry, which he talked about up here as well too. And Ryan's pretty young, right? Yeah, Yeah. He is young. I can How old is he? I'll look it up. I wanna, real quick before we get outta here, go back to Shannon Sharpe, back to Shannon Sharp, Back to Shannon Sharpe.


Jesus. Well, nothing new happened. Oh, okay. Not nothing crazy as of yet. I can check my emails, but Stephen A. Smith did go on his show and talk about the situation and he had a really good point about the career stuff and where Disney is right now with everything. Let's take a listen. All I can speak to about is what I know based on the reports. And I can speak about ESPN and Disney to be clear, even though this op this, this podcast, this YouTube show is owned and operated by me solely, it doesn't mean that I'm going to be dismissive of ESPN who employs me in my daytime job on first take. With that being said, it's important to point out a couple of things.


Number one, I was not there. I am not, I can provide no eyewitness account. And even though I got love and respect for Shannon Sharpe and I'm sincerely hopeful and prayerful that he's completely innocent of the allegations that have been levied against him, I can't sit here and speak to his innocence or guilt from a knowledgeable place because I have nothing to do with this. I haven't seen anything. I don't know anything. I don't even know this person. Yeah. So I Emini here. People wanted to update from the, the career side, ESPN Disney, see where that was gonna go. And I guess this is the closer you're gonna get to it. Before this happened though, I think a lot of people were saying the obvious that normally with a company like a Disney, they don't wanna get in the mud of the mess at all.


They normally take a step back. They haven't said anything officially yet. But Lemme ask you a question. What did, what did Dr. Umo say though? Oh baby, let's take a listen. I'm standing with Uncle Shannon 'cause I don't like when black men get taken down. I gotta stand by. Yes. He's a lifetime snow bunny hopper. Yes. He's a lifetime snow bunny hopper. But that's my brother, uncle Shannon Sharpe is my brother. I'm standing with Uncle Shannon Sharpe until the facts prove otherwise. Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like seeing brothers get taken down either, especially when it's self-inflicted. But we gotta remember, destiny's not a matter of chance, it's a matter of choice. And all of this is happening because it seems like Shannon Sharpe some poor choices.


And being 54 at the time, hollering at a 19-year-old is a very poor choice. Okay. That's it is what it is. Yeah. You know, yes, it is a shakedown, but you know, people can't shake you down unless you give 'em something to shake. Yeah. Well, we don't know what it is yet. Let the facts play out in court. Well, It's definitely a Shakedown. Well, we don't know if Emini here, we don't know if it's true or not. $50 million. Okay. That's What you're talking about. Like What does that even mean? Like Yeah, What you Mean? Because if there was, if there was a violation, If it wasn't a shakedown, then she'd be pressing criminal charges That might be coming next. I don't know. But You did that. But that's what I asked you yesterday. I asked could they still press charges on them criminally Emini here. Some of this stuff is as recent according to the victim as January, 2025.


So I Emini here. I don't know every law in The World, but that's, that's like a couple months ago. I don't see why not. Right. And just watch, I Would have to look up the laws in Nevada though, And I, and, and talk to the attorneys I Nevada as, as it is a 20 year statute when it comes to sexual assault. And I just, and just hearing the lawyers say outta his own mouth that they was close to a $10 million settlement. Why you don't like when you, when you settle, it looks like an admission of guilt. Like if you're innocent, why would you settle? But, Or if he, he does settle it, it, it doesn't have other people come out. Right. They always say Michael Jackson settled out that one case so other people wouldn't come out. No, That's not what they said. Coran. Johnny Cochrane actually told Michael not to settle because as soon as you settle, you become a piggy bank.


But can, and everybody in their mama are gonna be coming out with they handout. Yeah. And accusations, people Coming out regardless if that's what they wanna do at this point in our day and age. But Yeah, because remember when women remember that Cassie, he settled. Did he settle with her? And then Ario Day came like, oh, I want my money, everybody. And then Obama came that she got 300 and she was like, excuse me, who got 300 a day? No, she did, he gave her $300 shut because That, So what the damn masses was worth It was, I think it was like three. Yeah, it was $300. I'm about to look it up. But, But that, but that, to your point, did he settle with Cassie and then what happened? Everybody came running out. Oh, okay. Yep. Like I want my payday. But if he was gonna settle, he should have settled before it was a lawsuit came out. Yeah.


Behind the scenes. Behind the scenes. That's why it Don't make no sense. That's why none of this makes any sense to me. So Jess, it was Jess is correct. It was $300 and 30 cents for the, She got the 30 cents, Jess. Oh my Bad. But that was the, because she didn't sign that whole deal with the NDA and the masters and all that stuff. But yes, Jess $300 and 30 cents through All that for $300. And Ryan Coogler is 38 years old. Oh, okay. Okay. And happy birthday George Lopez. Yeah. We'll be back with more George Lopez As well. Yeah. Yeah, because I, we, he had on the Sun row a couple minutes And I No's Birthday George Lopez. I gotta know the Mexican's birthday. Oh my God. All right. Well that is the latest with Lauren. Now Lauren, you also talked about earlier that John Cena follows you. Yeah. You Know, Vy Don't do that.


Nothing. Nothing. He Say John Cena follows everybody. Yeah. He Follows a million people. He follows me. Follow Charlie. I don ifss million people. That's what was Every everybody so excited. Why you? I don, you know, you know what I, you just recently talked about getting hair plugs and getting and bringing back hair so you follow him. Maybe you know, he follows you. Maybe you should DM him. Wow. Envy You got, let's see what happened when he put them tariffs on him. Wigs. What? With your wig. Don't look like you're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne to God. We are The Breakfast Club.


Salute to Debbie Brown for joining us today. Man.


Salute to my good sister Debbie Brown. Her new book, living in Wisdom, A Path to Embodying Your Authentic Self, embracing Grief and Developing Self Mastery is Out. Now make sure you subscribe to her podcast, the Deeply Well Podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio Podcast Network. And Debbie will also be at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening this Saturday in Atlanta. We have a mental health and mindfulness panel that she will be, she will be sitting on, man. So join us, you know, go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get your tickets. Okay. Sarah Jake Roberts will be on that podcast stage. Cam Newton will be on that podcast stage. Carrie Champion with The Naked Podcast and a host of others, man. So go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get your tickets and we'll see you Saturday. And Wheezy is hosting, Yes, wheezy and Mandy from Decisions. Decisions Weezy is hosting, are Hosting. Love that.


And also salute to Lencia Johnson for joining us this morning as well. Yes, Her new book Flipped the Tables, the Everyday Disruptors Guide to Finding Courage and Making Change a book that Jess Hilarious does not need to read. She's already a disruptor. Period. And listen, y'all can catch me May 10th. It's a pre Mother's Day, comedy Day. We got three shows in Detroit at one Mike Comedy Club. Make sure you get your tickets at Jess Hilarious official.com. Yes, I'm doing three shows 'cause I'm only gonna be there for one day. We got the 11:00 AM brunch, the the Early Evening Show at 7:00 PM and then the late night show at 9:30 PM So make sure y'all bring your mothers, your aunts, your grandmothers brothers, bring your sisters, whatever, whatever, whatever.


Just get your tickets And I will be doing meet and greet at the last show, ja official.com. Can't wait to see you, Detroit. Now it's time to get up outta here. You guys have a great day in SLU to Atlanta. I'll be in Atlanta next week or next week, still promoting my book that's out right now. Real Life, real Family. And then of course Tequila Festival. Alright, shaman, you got a positive? Nope, I do. I just wanna tell everybody, man, gratitude. Man Gratitude should always be your attitude. Gratitude is one of the strongest and most transformative states of being. It shifts your perspective from lack the abundance and allows you to focus on the good in your life, which in turn pulls more goodness into your reality. So always be grateful. Let gratitude be your attitude.


Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all Done?


Hey Kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast, beardless with me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, you know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading Blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sam Mullins and I've got a new podcast coming out called Go Boy. The gritty true story of how one man fought his way out of some of the darkest places imaginable. Roger Caron was 16 when first convicted Has spent 24 of those years in jail. But When Roger Caron picked up a pen and paper, he went from an excon to a literary darling from Campsite Media and iHeart podcasts. Listen to Go Boy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.