
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent conditions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or along on your couch with that AC blasting at and T 5G. And Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a Rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert, or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible planning. Device covers not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for You@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Coke Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Coke's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar. 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan field music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company rules Important.


Mainstream got one of the biggest things in America. Culture. They not like everybody. The, Breakfast, Club. Shake it. What the fuck up. B Club PJ Envy the family Guy. Just hilarious. I'm the wild card. Keep the Real and Charlemagne the guy. I'm a lovable athlete. Or your clown. Yo, I'm loving that energy up there right now. Sometimes You gotta pop out. Miss Show now. Let's begin. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. What's up Charlemagne? God. Peace to the planet is Friday.


What's Happening, Everybody? Yes. It's Friday. The weekend is here. Good morning. That's right, man. How y'all feel out there? How you feeling, Jess? I feel good. I'm okay. I got on my little silk pajamas. Okay. Oh, okay. Big pregnant. Okay. Big pregnant. Exactly. How many more weeks we got left? Three. Three weeks left. Right? You, you asked the same question every day because I just, I Make it a weekly thing, bro. If she said she got three weeks left yesterday, she still got three weeks left today. I don't be remembering. I just, I just love to ask, should I ask once a week? No. I just love to ask. 'cause Jesse, thank you. Envy. And you out here performing this weekend, right? No. Next. The following weekend. July 26th and 27th. Oh, so you Performing when you got a week and a half left? I know.


Yes. You crazy. But I'm gonna drive down. I'm, we, we driving. I'm not going to get on a plane drive You driving to North Carolina. It's only four hours away from my house. I ain't that little baby. Be that little baby. Be born in North Carolina. You gonna be mad. Yes. North Carolina is not real slow. It is not four hours. It is not four hours away from your house. It, It is Baltimore. It's not Raleigh. No, I don't live in Baltimore. Y'all keep on putting Down. Yeah, she on the outskirts. I mean, yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. Alright. Merlin is very big. Naya said. Good morning y'all. What's up? Good morning, Nye. Good morning. Na. I'm blessed Black and Holly. Favored man. Happy to be here. Another day to serve. What we getting into today. Corey Hardrick will be joining us You know actor. He's in a new flick, divorce in the Black from Tyler Perry.


It premiered yesterday on Prime Video, so he'll be joining us. That's right. And also TK Kirkland. Comedian TK Kirkland will be joining us as Well. Our guy t to the mother. F and k. He's performing at the Stress Factory in New Brunswick, New Jersey tonight and tomorrow. All weekend. I believe so. Yeah. We'll be talking to tk. TK is a, a elder statesman in this game. Yes. In this business. Yes. Always great to sit down and see what t what's on Tk Kirkland's mind. Absolutely. Alright. The name of the movie that Cory Hardrick is in is called What? Divorce In the Black. Yep. Ari be like, look, since you just went through it, I got this whole script Right. That I put Him and Megan though. Oh my God. Oh, both. Yeah.


Meghan, good star in the movie. Yeah, I know. But, but Cory J Oh, oh my God. Great timing on Tyler Perry part. Yeah. It it is. Great timing. Yeah. Nah, it is great timing. So hopefully this is a great movie. Okay. All well, when we come back, we got front page news. We're gonna talk about the disaster that is still the Biden campaign. Jesus, the Democratic Party is in disarray, but it's not an easy fix, but it can be fixed. I was, I was just thinking about it. Right. We got a second. Would you feel as bad if they just tell you, look, there's some things Biden remembers, there's some things that he can't, wouldn't you feel better? 'cause it feels like they're trying to tell you nothing's wrong. Right. And that's what I think is like the slap in the face because they say, nah, nothing's wrong. He's fine.


Oh yeah, we, yeah. It is not early signs to dementia. And then he goes, again, I'm, I'm not gonna sit here and diagnose the man. 'cause I'm not, I don't know what You know a, a diagnosis would be, but, but something's wrong. But clearly something's wrong. And the the bigger issue that everybody should be thinking about is Kenny went in November. Correct. And we've, I, I know I've been saying for the past, I've been asking that question for the past 18 months. And I think it looks really clear. It's not a, it's not a safe bet. It's not a slam dunk. It's not a nothing ever is. But nah, it's time to move on All. Well, we got front page news when we come back with Morgan Wood. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan.


Good morning. Good morning y'all. So many people would argue that President Biden did a much better job addressing reporters at the close of the NATO summit yesterday than his performance against Donald Trump in the debate, while others, I guess, like Sean Wayne would say, it's much more of the same. During his speech, Biden said he had no plans of dropping out of the race unless his team came back with data figures showing there's no way he could win. Biden continued to defend himself from calls to drop out of the 2024 election. He mistakenly referred to Vice President Kamala Harris as Vice President Trump. As he attested to her qualifications, he also slammed former President Donald Trump saying he's too busy golfing to campaign. He spoke about how polls are inaccurate and also addressed his schedule being so busy saying he needs to pace himself.


But you don't have to take my word for it. Let's hear more from President Biden addressing reporters at the close of the NATO summit. The consideration is that I think I'm the most qualified person to run for president. I beat him once. And, I will beat him again. Look, I wouldn't have picked Vice President Trump to be vice president. Do I think she was not qualified to be president? Lord. So let's start there. My schedule has been full bore. I've done, where's, where's Trump been riding around his golf cart, filling out his scorecard before he hits the ball. I mean, look, he's done virtually nothing for at least five presidents running, or incumbent presidents who had lower numbers than I have now later in the campaign.


What I said was, instead of my every day starting at seven and going to bed at midnight, it'd be smarter for me to pace myself a little more. What Are your thoughts, guys? I know y'all watched it. You called it a disaster, Charlamagne. Oh, I, I mean, I just think the whole campaign is a disaster. Not just that You know one moment yesterday, but I just think it's time for President Joe Biden to move on. It's the same thing that I've been saying for the past You know 18 months. You know. He, he said it yesterday that if his team told him he couldn't win, he would drop out. Well, I don't think he can win, so why are we still playing this game? But, but not only that, like if we know that every time he speaks, he says something, he puts his foot in his mouth every time. Right. He says something that's completely wrong, completely left.


Why continue to let the brother speak? Well, I, I, I think, I think that is the part where I think people overreact because people mess up names all the time. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, like, like, like literally all of the time. All at the time where you calling your, your vice president Trump. That was, That was wild. What you call president. We've all done that. We talk all the time. Yes. Have you heard yourself? Have you heard me? Sometimes? Yeah. I was gonna say, we definitely, I'm not the president All The time. It's total difference. Totally difference. But you are human. What? I'm, yeah. We are human. But he does it a lot. My reason as a president, my reason if for wanting him to move on, don't have nothing to do with that. I just say it's, it's six different polls that all happen behind Trump. Yes. Polls are inaccurate, but our eyes and ears aren't with everything that's at stake in November.


Ask yourself a simple question. Can you tell me with a straight face? You like his chances? Yeah. But why the poll so low? Because of of, of the things that he said. 'cause people don't, don't have any confidence in him. No. Yes. They don't have any confidence. And they feel like he's too old. They Feel like No, it's because Early signs of dimension, you couldn't make a complete sentence. It's because it's because they don't feel like he's strong enough on the border. You know. It's a, it's a lot of different reasons. It's more than that Too. Yeah. I, I, I think about, yeah, people are getting hung up on a lot of different things. You know. It's a, it's a bunch of different things. One of the things that a lot of people got hung up yesterday on is that he accidentally introduced President Zelensky calling him President Putin. Let's hear more about that. And now I wanna hand it over to the president of Ukraine, who has as much courage as he has.


Determination, ladies and gentlemen. President Putin. President Putin. You're gonna beat President Putin. President Zelinsky. I'm so focused on beating Putin. We gotta worry about it. Anyway, Mr. President, I'm better. You are a hell hor better. At least he caught himself that time. Yes. And I Say like, he really caught that. He said, what you mean of big Putin? Oh my bad. Oh, he's so focused on beating him. Yeah. And trust me, Trying to play that one off. Those optics don't help but You know. People don't think he's strong enough on the border. People aren't feeling the relief in their, their pockets when they talk about You. know the economy being better. You know inflation. You know. It, it, it was up, but now it's down a little bit. But people still aren't feeling it in their pockets. People don't like him. You know funding Israel's military.


Like they, they don't like the war in Gaza. Like, there's a lot of different reasons. There reasons folks aren't, folks aren't, aren't high on Trump. But I've been asking a simple question for the past 18 months. Is the Biden Harris ticket a winnable ticket in 2024? I don't think it is. Like, can you look at me with a straight face and tell me you like his chances in November? No. Do you, when you see him, do you believe in that? If that's what, if that what's going to inspire undecided voters? You like, come on. It Doesn't seem like he believes in himself. Honestly. It really doesn't. And, and everything that you said, but then when he speaks, you want him to be, you want him to be powerful. You want him to be aggressive. You want him to be confident. And, I just don't see that. And, and the way that he messes up names makes me feel like he don't, ain't got it all together. He, he, he is an uninspiring candidate with no main character energy.


I've been saying that for a long time. Alright, This comes as multiple democrats have called for him to step down. But the support majority of Democrats still are backing Biden in this race. We'll talk more about it in the next hour. All right. Thank you Gail. I mean, Morgan, I'm messing With you. I'm just messing with you. Messing. Whatever. Oh, man. All right. We'll see you next hour Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo.


Sha man. Envy. What up are we live? This Is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We lied. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Monique. How you doing Vy? I just wanted to call and tell Lama he gotta get it right. He called Biden Trump. Guys might wanna play that back. Who you talking about? Biden Trump. When did I call Biden Trump? Just Now, In reference to what you were Talking, you were talking about Step Down and that you just called him Trump. I don't know if I did it. I I, I don't know if I did or not, but like I also said just now, I, I don't, I don't, I don't trip off stuff like that.


'cause we do it all the time. Did you hear when I said that? I heard What I'm saying so that you're, that that proves my point. I I, I'm not tripping off stuff like that. Like I don't trip off people messing up names, But Right. But still What you mean. But still, I literally just said I'm not tripping off that because we do it all. We do it all the time. And, I didn't even know that I did it. So that proved my point. Okay. I'm Nah, I get it. But when it's, when it's by and he's talking about his vice president. And this is something that he's done numerous times. He's called himself the vice president. He's called Kamala Harris, the president. Yeah. Envy. We've done it all the time too. I don't think you hear, you gotta listen to us back sometime and you don't really realize it until you go and read YouTube common stuff and you be like, damn, I did say that. Or Damn Envy did say that. And we sounded stupid.


We don't, we don't. You just, we talking, but we're Not the president of the United States talking about policies and things like That. Yeah. We still talking to tens of millions of people. It's a lot different. It's not Hello? Really? Hello. Who's this? Hey, it's Courtney. Hey y'all. Good morning. Good morning Courtney. Get it off your chest. Hey, I just wanna get off my chest. It is important to be in your kids lives. I just turned 27 on the 30th and my father hasn't told me happy birthday in like years. And it does still hurt. Like it really does hurt. And You know. I try to hit over it. You know. But even in adulthood it's like, dang, you still being learning.


So father being your kids vibe, because You know, no matter how nonchalant you act, You know you Still do it. You know it's okay to call your dad too. You said your dad hasn't called you in a year. But it's okay to reach out to your dad and just be like, Hey, what's up Pops? I mean you. Right. But it's like, why should I have to do that when it's like You know you, my dad like You know you did me wrong during my lifetime. You play the ego game. That's what you play the ego game. You reach out to your dad. Yeah. Just reach out to him and tell him how you feel. Tell him life is short. Tell him it makes you angry. Life is short. But You know I'm a cancer and my ego, I'm stubborn too. Oh, Come on on, come on, come on with that astrology. Come on with the zodiac. That's your father. Let her be sensitive and emotional. Okay? I am a cancer too.


I understand ma'am. Yeah. No. And congrats on your baby too. Thank you baby. Thank you so much. You're welcome. But no welcome. As long as you still got You know breath in your body, You know. 'cause I it, I know you're not going to agree with this, but we don't know. Well, you don't know what he's going through either word. And maybe he's not, he can't be the bigger person. So show him what that's like. And at least you can say you did try You. know what I'm saying? Even If, you reach out just one time and tell him how you feel. At least he won't leave Earth knowing, not knowing how you feel. You know what I'm saying? You are right. You right. I definitely try to do that. But You know, hopefully it doesn't go the wrong way. 'cause every time I see him it's like, dang, I really do wanna cuss you out.


Like you, my twin And I was like, I wanna cut you out every time. Call him now. Once you get off the phone, just call him and say Good morning pops. I love you. That's all. Do that now. All thank you. She ain't gonna do that. She said, all right. She ain't gonna do it. She not gonna do it. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Is it your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil.


Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is Tone man. Tone. Good Morning everybody. Good morning. Good morning. Tone. Get off your chest. Listen, I I'm with Saw bitch down that at least since the beginning of last year, man, that man, they need, they need to sack Joe. Biden down, man. The man got dementia, man. And what the Democratic party doing constantly putting him in front of people, making him talk on TV is elderly abuse. I I I'm, I'm want you to an extent. I I feel like they know that he ain't got it all together. So why you keep putting him up there embarrassing him? It It's elderly abuse, man. And, and, and, and the way he's, the way life has been under his administration since he's been president has been too tough on us.


It, it's, I'm at, I've seen people say they'll rather have Trump back in office because just life been too tough. And then when you seeing this man getting billions and billions and billions to relieve all these other countries like Joe, we hungry Joe. What I what I just said. I'm debating if I'm, if I'm buying waters for the, for, for me to drink or food for me to eat. And it's like, how the hell is that? When I live in America, We, we complicate these things when we shouldn't. Like, people want upward mobility and people want to feel safe. That's why, that's why, that's why people don't feel, that's what, that's what people are feeling under a Biden administration. They don't feel like they're feeling that relief in their pocket and they don't feel safe. It's just the truth. That's how people feel like, well, whether, whether it's true or not, I don't know.


But you cannot tell somebody You know what they feel. Hello? Who's this? Hey, it's Tisha from Texas. Hey, Tisha from Texas. Good morning. What part of Texas? In Dallas. But we had like a storm in May and then Houston got hit in June and July. And a lot of people are still without power. So send them some healing and energy and some power too. Absolutely. Okay, so what I wanna get off my chest. I love the show. I thought I loved The, Breakfast Club before, but I really, really, really love it now. Jessica has been a great asset. My problem is, I'm kind of tired of that intro that y'all got with Monique. It's like a sermon every time I feel the same way. Get it. We know. I've been thinking that.


I I agree with you, man. Oh, okay. I've been I've been meaning to say something. Yeah. I think I have said something behind the scenes. Not that I don't like the intro. Oh my God. It's just like a sermon in and we get it. We, it's, it's overkill now. And it's triggering for me just because of how Monique came in here and You know laid me out one time in the studio. So it's Triggering. Oh yeah. It's triggering for a lot of people. Jeff, one time she said, I don't care. He lays a lot of people out. Yes. So I mean, I, I it's You know what's the song? We're a movement by ourself, but a force when we're together that y'all, I hate when one of y'all is out and not everybody is there. But I love it when you're all together. It's just this energy. I wake up, I'm walking right now, it's five o'clock in the morning and I'm walking three miles with the dog listening to y'all.


Thank you so much for changing the culture and making it fun. Well, Thank you and get your steps in this morning. Thank you so much. Oh yeah, Yeah. We got it. We got it. Love y'all. Have a great day. And Jessica, congratulations on that, baby. I'm so glad we are at where we are with technology so you can still be on the air and be at home. Thank you so much. I appreciate It. Okay. All right. Have a good day. All right. Be safe out there mama. Okay, bye. Alright, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Jess? Yes, the Sbs. It was really nice last night. Did y'all watch it? Okay, well it was somebody that performed there that I thought should have Usher tribute, but we'll talk about It. Alright, we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The.


Breakfast Club. Happy Friday Gang. Gang. Ah, morning everybody's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. Your Music. Real h Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. So ESPY's Espy Espy talk. Okay, so I love that Sierra opened up the show with her.


Classic. She did One, two Stab. She did. Oh my Goodies. Goodies. And she ate it up. That's why it always takes me back to, she should have been in the Usher tribute because that's, that's a, that You know what I'm saying now. The twerk in sight. She was fully covet. She looked good. Boom, boom, boom. Sierra Eve and then F


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic pan. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available torn capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start sw with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owners' manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for the academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


It's Lee come key. Welcome back to the Lee Kung key request line. Ready for something with a kick that's still smooth. Talk about a hot time at time. Crisscross. This is America's number one spicy mayo and non GMO verified sriracha. It's the sriracha slide coming at you from Lee. Come key, turn it out. Sriracha slide on over to sriracha love.com to check it out. Sriracha real smooth


Perform too. I thought that she, that's Ls u's own. So she had more energy than a lot of the female rappers that we see on stage today. Yeah. Like and look and the the crowd was kind of dead. I mean it's the ies it's like whatever. But Laura Wayne was front and center hyping her up. Like oh Her, her and Wayne got a record together. Her and Wayne got a song. Yeah. Yeah. Was that the song she did? I don't know. I'm not sure. But she, they, he was hyping her up. Like that's, that was what it was. But she she she ate it up. Yeah. I love fja. She dope Drum to Bon Flo J. Dope individual all around from basketball to music. Yes. Yep. I met her a couple times. She's a humble soul. She cool as hell. Rest Peace. Her father camouflage.


Mm Okay. Serena Williams and her opening monologue. She had some fight. She been waiting on her life for this. I'm just gonna play it. If I've learned anything this year, it's that none of us, not a single one of us, not even me should ever pick a fight with Kendrick Lamar. He will make your hometown not like you. The next time Drake sits courtside at a Raptors game, they're gonna force Gump. Him slights. Tiken. That's her. Get Back. Who got a better cri walk? Serena or Kendrick's wife? Oh Whitney. They both, they both got some. Yeah I would, they both get busy. They both get busy. Serena. Yeah, Serena do get busy. But I ain't expect for Whitney to get busy like that either.


She be hopping with it too, right? Yeah. Like she, like Whitney Was me real, she hopping with it. I'm like okay. Yep. I like that. And then South Carolina game Cox one team of the year. Drop a clue bomb for them. You Already know. I know. 8 0 3 all day. Alright, Metro. What's happening Don? See what's happening. Shout Out coach. I was ready. Say shout out to coach. Shout out to coach. Okay. And then Beck's best Boxer of the year went to Terrence Crawford. He also appeared on Breakfast Club and then Best UFC fighter went to Sean O'Malley. So it was actually a great, a great show. Okay. You Know and and drop on a C bond for Aja Wilson too. She was, she took home a trophy for the best WNBA player. And I. Think she won Best Female athlete yesterday and she's on the cover of NBA 2K 5 8 0 3 Metro Zone.


Asia Wilson. That's right. Best player in the WNBA. Okay. Okay. The Crown. The crown is hers until further notice and it's not changing no time soon. I like that. Okay. Okay. All you are manager. No, I'm just You know she's from the crib so You know hype her. Yeah. Whenever I see somebody from the crib you doing the things that she does, You know it inspires me. It's well deserved. That's right. Did she get a book A Wilson already has the New York Times bestseller? Yeah, she has new No I'm talking about did she get your book? Oh, I don't know. Oh, okay. Probably not. Look, Diddy's mother hospitalized Diddy's mother. No, I don't wanna report this laughing. Come on, shut up. Diddy's. Mother's hospitalized.


Janice Combs was rushed to a Florida hospital yesterday after experiencing chest pains. Reports say that Diddy was in Miami at the time and was able to be by her side upon her request. They're still running tests to determine what caused Janice or Janice, sorry, I don't know if I'm saying it right or not her chest pains. But a close source to the family says that she believes that the chest pains are from stress linked to Diddy's legal issues. She's expected to stay in the hospital for another day. Janice is 83 years old and she looks good honestly for a 83-year-old prayers up for Mama Combs. So Definitely prayers up for Mama Combs. Definitely. Absolutely. A hundred percent. I Know she was 83. I think she, I think she older than that.


I think she's 84. I think she's 84. Okay. Well Tell how old she, It says it in things. So she's 84 Years old. Oh I I see 83 everywhere. But I mean You know either way I, I'll take either one. Please God please. God let me see. 83 years on this planet or 84. Exactly whatever it is. Jesus. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Kim Kardashian tries salmon, sperm facial. What? So on a recent episode of the Kardashians, Kim k admitted to getting a salmon sperm facial. Alright, now I know the L is silent y'all, but I don't care. I'm gonna put it in the word as long as I see it. So, salmon, sperm, facials are injected are injections that reportedly improve skin hydration, plumpness texture and wrinkles.


It's an anti-aging technique that promises to increase cell turnover, improve pigmentation, and produce more collagen. Last year Jennifer Aniston admitted to doing the same facials but claims she stopped because she didn't see any benefit from it. Kim k trying out these facials shouldn't be much of a surprise because back in 2022 she told the New York Times that she's willing to try any anti-aging treatments. She willing to give anything a try that will keep her looking young forever. So that's one of those things. If y'all looking for something else to do to, to y'all face out there. Well salmon Sperm, well don't You know before you say something about MK, you better start checking what's in a lot of y'all products. 'cause you ever heard of Tore, you ever heard of that?


Tore is an organic molecule that was originally extracted from bull semen and a lot of energy drinks contain tore. Really? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm saying it's a lot, a lot of energy drinks contain rine. So a lot of y'all been drinking bull semen and don't know it. Now a lot of companies, and I'm not gonna say any of the company's names 'cause I don't know if they advertise on iHeart Right. But they now produce the tore synthetically. But a lot of tore is in a lot of energy drinks. And that is a something extracted from bull sperm. Well, I mean, fun fact. Well I'm not really thinking that it's a problem anyway. 'cause who don't drink sperm You? know what I'm saying? It's like a big whoop You know. I've never drunk Sperm You know. So no, I'm not talking about what Y'all are you talking to like ladies and gay men like Women?


It's like yeah. Is like I got all whatever You know. So it shouldn't be a big deal. Same sperm. I actually might prefer some of that than You know. Yeah, yeah. It's like, yes. And I. Get what you're saying. It's like when you talk about people, how they say like talking about how, how like cow's milk isn't really healthy for humans. Yeah. So it's like why would you drink some a milk from another species? That's what you saying, right? So yeah. So don't clown her for drinking salmon, sperm, If. you drinking human sperm If, You drinking whole milk And I. Like, I like this Human sperm. I like this chest. I think this is logic. This is sound logic to me. You know I'm have to get some of that to a ring. I don't want It. All right.


Alright. All right. So That's just nutshell. I don't got time. This Is freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. It's rain. It's not, this was science class. Okay. All right. Now I'm trying to see what, what? Oh God. Now you the most excited person in the room talking about drinking men sperm. You see that awkward pause? He started Crip walking. He Was thinking the ways, thinking the ways to be gay. I I'm just trying to not say that. You cannot say that. Singing for the Sea me a yo. That's that's funny. Hilarious. I didn't find It funny. Red, Did you find it funny? Oh, all right.


Well when we come back front page news, y'all. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Oh, don't wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Let's get into it then. So Donald Trump is asking a judge to throw out the guilty verdict in his New York hush money case. His team made the request on Thursday pointing to the newest Supreme Court ruling that defines when a former president is immune from prosecution. His sentencing in this case was initially set for this week on July 11th, but has been delayed to allow for more time to consider the Supreme Court's decision.


In May, the New York jury found Trump guilty of 34 counts of falsifying business records and making hush money payments to adult film star Stormy Daniels. Meanwhile, New York Senator Kirsten Gillibrand is pushing two pieces of legislation, she says would reform the Supreme Court. It comes after multiple Supreme Court justices were accused of accepting lavish gifts and luxury trips and failing to disclose conflicts of interest. Gillibrand says, AOCs articles of impeachment seem reasonable. Let's hear more from Senator Gillibrand. Together these bills restore integrity, faith, and trust in our nation's highest court. This legislation makes clear that no one, even Supreme Court justices are above the law.


It's simply outrageous. Federal judges and especially Supreme Court justices should have, should be above reproach. Even the appearance of impropriety undermines the public trust. We need to hold our justice accountable and we need to limit how long they're allowed to serve. If they've broken laws, if they've certainly had conflicts of interest. Those are factual issues that really would be need to be assessed. And you could assess that in an impeachment process. But it certainly raises grave concerns for me that they are not objective. All of that is above my pay grade. I, I You know, I just know that the Supreme Court You know should be what everybody is talking about because they're no longer a legitimate institution. They are corrupt.


So You know whatever pieces of the legislation she's pushing that could reform the Supreme Court. I don't even know what that means. Reform the Supreme Court You know, but, but, but whatever it is, lemme tell you it's something needs to be done. Yeah. Break it down for me, Morgan. Yes. Lemme tell you. So the bills would require the Supreme Court to create a streamlined and open process to receive ethics complaints and improve transparency around gifts and conflicts of interest. Another bill would rid the Supreme Court justice's lifetime appointments and impose an 18 year term limit. What do you think about that? So that way they wouldn't be able to serve until basically they die or step down. I Don't, I I I don't know because 18 years is still a long time and a lot that, that's a lifetime. A lot of damage can still be done.


I I I believe we need somebody with the courage to expand the Supreme Court and You know everybody keeps talking about, well, You know how you can't pack the Supreme Court. Conservatives are conservatives already have. And it's not even about You know, just it being You know, majority conservative. It's about the fact that they're so far right. You, know what I mean? Yeah. Democratic. And they're supposed to be impartial. They're not. Yes. Democratic Florida Congressman Maxwell Frost actually entered a chat saying the same thing. He's the youngest member of Congress, the US House of Representatives, and he wrote on X recently that Supreme Court is a right wing, politically corrupt branch of government operating with no oversight. He adds that Americans deserve a fair, impartial court, not justices who are brought or bought, excuse me, and paid for by billionaires and special interests.


Of course this comes that's right after New York. Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez or a OC as a lot of people like to affectionately call her filed impeachment articles against two justices this week, Thomas and Alito. Regardless of all of this, I keep telling y'all You know, regardless of how you feel, regardless of which side you just make sure you are registered, registered, registered, registered to vote. The Republican LED house passed legislation on Wednesday that would require voters to provide proof of citizenship when registering to vote. I thought we already did that, but Speaker Mike Johnson said, the save Act, which stands for Safeguard American Voter Eligibility Act, is aimed at preventing non-citizens from swaying federal elections.


Let's hear more from Speaker Mike Johnson on the Save Act. But we have so many non-citizens in the country right now that if only one out of a hundred of those illegal aliens voted, you're talking about hundreds of thousands of votes being cast. President Biden says he's gonna veto the bill. And Democrat leadership right now is engaging in a very robust whipping operation to stop this bill from being passed. I it is absolutely outrageous and the American people need to know what's happening here. Should Americans and Americans alone determine the outcome of American elections? Or should we allow foreigners and illegal aliens to decide who sits in the White House and here in the People's House and in the Senate.


So that bill passed with a final vote of 2 21, 1 98 with five Democrats voting in favor of the measure and now heads to the Senate where it faces strong opposition from Democrats. But President Biden said he would veto that bill and Democrats argue the move would make it harder for Americans to cast their ballot. There's already so much going on with voter suppression as is. Do you think that this could help or hurt the situation? I I I don't think there's anything wrong with providing proof of citizenship when registering to vote. Yeah. I wanna say we already do that, right? Yeah. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I don't see how that hurts. So Are they saying something other than your license though? Like you, you would have to come down with a birth certificate to, to register to vote Is crazy.


I thinks what they're Asking for, I think that's a little too much. Like nobody wants to come down with a birth certificate if it's their license. That's, but I do get what they're saying where like Americans should actually decide who's the president of America. But I can't see people bringing their birth certificate down to You know to vote. That just seems a little strange. Weird. Lemme, I saw this. Y'all know where y'all birth certificate certificate is Under my mama bed. Yeah. It's definitely under my mama bed somewhere. Yeah. I'm just saying You know a lot of people don't, they don't have it been reached. So Yeah, Could be. But I mean a concern and it is, I mean, it's illegal for people who aren't us citizens to vote in federal contest. So I don't see the problem with You know having to provide proof of citizenship when registering to vote. Some felons also can't vote.


So there's that just saying. Alright y'all, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on social media at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, be sure you check out the Black Information network@bnews.com and follow us at Black Information Network. Thank y'all. The, the only other thing I too would say Morgan is, and not just the Morgan, but everybody listening, they, they, a lot of people say non-citizen voting is, is not even a thing. Mm. Like they say it's not You know you can't vote. It's not Yeah. It's, you can't register. It's not, it's not widespread Or even a significant, that's what I would say. Occurrence. And they say it's already illegal. So I don't know. Maybe people just feel like this is a nothing burger. I, I, I don't know. Mm. Alright. We will certainly see, I mean, sh November is right around the corner, but at the same time we've got time, So.


Alright. Exhaust. Thank you Morgan. Have a good weekend. Thank you. You too. Everybody else when we come back, actor Corey Hardrick will be joining us You know him for so many different flicks and he is in the new Tyler Perry's divorce in the black. And we're gonna talk to him when we come back, so don't move it. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. That's right. He walked in looking like he the leader of a, a group A Stella, r and b group. Corey Roderick. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome. Thank you for having me, man. Appreciate it. How you feeling? I'm blessed and highly favored, man. I'm on The.


Breakfast Club. Blessed Black and highly favored. Blessed black and highly favored. Yes Sir. I love that you got the new movie Divo in black Tyler Perry's new movie. Yep. Today on Amazon. Came out today, dropped today. How does it feel? Man, it feels surreal. It feels like I'm a new artist right now. You know. I got this new great energy in my life. You know. I feel like God got his hand on me and I'm ready to take it to the next level. You've been doing this what feels great over 30 years now. 30, 30, 30 years. I've, it still feels new. You don't feel like a a, a og in it now? Nah, I don't because I live like a simple, I'm real simple off like when you don't see me like acting like it is just like, I'm, I'm simple. I, I stay disconnected to everything. I just feel like I go like, what's the next job? I just keep my head down and keep going. Then when I go out to like Essence and then people love and they saying all this work, then it makes, it makes you feel good to say You know your people appreciate you and they love what you do.


And that makes me want to keep going. Do You know when you got one? Like you like You know you do a role like this and you be like, oh man, this, I got one this. He said I, I got, I got one. Okay. Okay. I got one. Tyler, how Do You know? I love Tyler Perry Man, he gave me an opportunity. He called me up and Megan Good told him that I was a great actor and he said, If, you had a chance to pick one actor who you working with? She said, Corey Harger. Wow. Tyler called me one morning and he was like, hello Corey, it's Tyler Perry. That same deep voice. Did you believe it when he first called? Did You know it was him or he was like, eh, No. 'cause You know them scam. People be calling you a lot So you don't know if it's one of them. But It was really him. And I had to get my voice right and he said, I'm a fan of your work. And I was just like, wow. You know he wants to work with me. And I read the script and it was all on the page. And I felt like it was a character I've played.


And I said I I can do some justice to this role now. I was ready to do It. I saw you say working with a good co-star like Megan Good is like having a, a good dance partner. I said that dance Partner. I thought you said dance partner Or good tennis man. I if I said that. Yeah, but she's great 'cause I've known Megan for Said I don't, did I say that? I Essentially you just saying that you got having chemistry with a post. Yes. We had great chemistry 'cause I've known Megan, we did an independent film and we we we've seen each other in passing always rooting each other on. So when we worked, we had good chemistry and it was already You know that energy was already there and it just carried over to the film. Even though we play two opposites, it's like, it's it's crazy chemistry that we need for the protagonist antagonist and who my Dallas is.


He's a, he's a bad, he's a wild boy. He's crazy. But that's necessary in film. You need that crazy dude. So I was gonna say You know for people that that don't know just came out today. Tell people what the film is about. Two divorced couples going through different gist of families. My family supports me, but even though I'm wrong, they never tell me I'm wrong. You know, which is not right because you got You know your family always by your side. But no, you gotta tell him he's wrong And Dallas just didn't know how to treat people. And I think it stems from his childhood trauma dealing with You know his different abuse that he's went through and he's never knew how to heal and never knew how to treat people. So when you don't deal with that, like mental health issues, it carries over into your adult life. And that's what happened with him. So he loved her but he didn't know how to You know.


He kinda sabotaged the marriage even before it got going and she had to leave. It was enough. You know And, I like outside Corey looking at that situation, I'm like, she gotta be happy. Gotta do what's best for you. And that's this character. She did that Ava, so Did you feel like y'all got Typecasted because You know both of y'all did go through high profile divorce? No. I I I don't think so. I'm an actor. You know. I've been doing this Charlamagne for like 30 years. And I know when I see good work on a page. And it just so happened that that happened in my life. But what happened was I pulled from my experience, the triumphs, the tragedies, everything and You know and what I do, what I'm great at And I said, I'm gonna put, I'm gonna embody all those channel all those feelings and emotions and I'm gonna just put it into the camera.


I'm gonna let the work speak for me. I don't really speak much about personal life, what matters, but you going to know about the fruit that he's You know. Were you hesitant at all when, when he, when he called you said the, the name of the movie is Divorce and Black and everything that You was going. I didn't the name. Oh, you didn't know the name At first. I Didn't know the name at all. I didn't really know the name until I got down there. You know and started seeing You know 'cause it was initialed. DITB then I, but I put it together like, wait, what did this mean? I said, damn. They gonna start saying something. They Gonna finish, start saying something. But I said, You know what? I'm an actor. Like I gotta go do what I love. You know I gotta take care of my babies. You know. I, I And I love to act. That's it. But it, but it's, it's, it's, it's tough right?


Because you're out here and for, for you and Megan, y'all out here promoting this movie and it makes people want to ask about your personal Situation. I mean, as they should. 'cause they want to know. But my whole thing is my real life is my real life. And You know. I just don't, I've never been that way. Even being in a situation married, I, I still never, I always protected my kids and You know I protected her as well. 'cause I feel like that's a man's duty. You know whether you together or not. It's always protector. Even though no matter what's going on, I I I just don't, I don't fall into the pressure. Like you can't pressure me into putting no one down and saying this is what happened or they did me like never that You know.


It's always gonna be unconditional love with me because I definitely want her to win and she wants me to win and we know the truth and that's just why I leave it. Did you have to call her and say, look, I'm just gonna let You know we doing this movie. It's called this but it has nothing to do with that 'cause No. Okay. No. She just text me and said she's very proud of me. That's dope. You know. She's so proud of me. You know The World don't know that. And they don't see that. They don't need to. So it's all, it's all like love. I love it. You know As an actor, You know before you take on a role, do you have to empty out everything you might be going through personally to fill yourself up with this, this role, this character? I do. I empty it all out on the camera. So when you see it, it's coming from a real place.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent c conditions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY, there are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies advises threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


It's Lee come key. Welcome back to the Lee. Come key request line. Ready for something with a kick that's still smooth. Talk about a hot time at dinner time. Crisscross. This is America's number one spicy mayo and non GMO verified sriracha. It's the sriracha slide coming at you from Lee. Come key, turn it out. Sriracha slide on over to sriracha love.com to check it out. Sriracha real smooth.


That's the therapeutic side that I use. I use it as therapy to get it all out. What If? You gotta get into a dark space myself. Like what if you're a happy, joyful person, but you gotta get into a very Dark space. Most of my characters been dark, but I been shooting people You know, biting people, nose off. That's what I like. That's what I do. No, those like, that's what I do. Like I, I know how to play that guy really well. Street Guy You. know what I'm saying? And. I feel at home playing that character. So it's kind of like a easy transition for me when I get these characters. So on the other side, is it easy to get out those characters? Yes and no. When I did a lot of, I did like five or six action films and that was tough with all the shooting. And sometimes You know. It feel like you got the PTSD from here and all. And Ducking You know.


I remember I used to walk around the house and look around the corners. You know, like You know somebody over there, kid, daughter running out. Dad is just me. It's just me. Dad. Yeah. Well you gotta answer the door with the deep voice, like who is it? Yeah. You know. You gotta put that tongue. Like it's just, but no, I, IIII know how to, I know how to channel it and, and, and move it to the side when I have to. But What, what was the most challenging scene For you? I would say the most challenging scene was roughing up Megan, because I've never put hands on a, on a woman in my life. So that was hard. Mm. So I had to ask her. You okay? Like, like touching her, like a hand and You know I had to throw over the kitchen. And I felt bad 'cause I was like, how I'm gonna do, she's fragile, but she said, Cory, go for it. I got, I've been doing this, be an actor. Play Dallas service, the character.


I did that. And so that was cool. And then Miss Debbie Morgan. Hmm. That was hard as hell, man. Walking into the gr Y'all didn't see them. I can talk About it. I mean, If, you want to give it away? No, it's a scene I have of Miss Debbie Morgan You know Miss Debbie Morgan. And I had to grab her. I had to call out a name and she's like, baby, grab me. Like, she grabbed my hand. And when she did that, then I, I did it. I grabbed her. Now you, you've been doing this for, for over 30 years. Yes sir. Now you just said something that made me think, is this what you always did? Right? You said, I asked Megan, Hey, do you mind back then, was it, did you ask or was it just like, no, I'm doing my part and this is what it is. But now it seems like I hear more and more actors saying, let I, let me ask first, do you mind if I do this to you, even though it's in the script, let me speak.


Did you always did that or was it Always I've always been considerate of a woman or anybody on set You know. I pride myself in being a professional. You know I've never had an HR case in my life. You know name is clean. I've never got fired from a job in my life. So I pride myself in being a professional and respecting the whole workspace and environment and doing my job. So You know I would've done this years ago, but now it's a little, it's tight 'cause everything is different. You know, even we had a little intimate scene. It wasn't really like that. I had to say like, you okay if You know boom, even though it's In the script. I had to, I had to. You never, I had to You, know what I'm saying? And I did that. I wanna make sure my scene partner's comfortable working with me. And I make 'em feel comfortable in that, that brings out their best work.


'cause they know I'm there to, to handle business. Ain't there for nothing else. All right. We got more with Cory Hardrick. When we come back, it's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Cory Hardrick. His new flick Divorce in the Black is on Amazon Prime. Charlamagne. I remember Megan told me one time, she said that you gotta watch what roles you even take nowadays because people think you're that character. Man, listen, Charlamagne, I, the movie came out at 3:00 AM I had about probably 60 masters. Like I hate that. No You know really? But they was, But they said, I love you Cory, but I hate like they really, so I said I did my job.


That's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I, he's gonna have a, he's gonna have a good shelf life. And if it can do what You know Lauren, we were talking earlier, Lawrence got the Matrix after. What's love got to do with it? If it can do that, then I'm all for it. But I need people to know that's Dallas. Let's please don't run up on me on the street like that. Yeah, because you got idiots out here who for whatever reason don't look Different. Listen, somebody follow me man in the LA airport and said, why you killed Tupac? Man, stop man, your up man. And he was serious. He said, why you kill And? I looked at him like, no, I know he's playing with me. Right? He followed me to the damn gate, man. And he was like, man, why you set him up man, why you do that? I said, man, are you serious? Like, you had to get the extra Look. Yes. Yeah. I said, man, come on now. I don't even the brother that's a movie.


Don't You know this. Like, I have nothing. I just play the character, man. I don't think they do. When, when, when Megan said that to me, I thought she was tripping too. But then I'm like, no, some of I can see that in this, in this era Or like a, a movie I did Brother Love. That's done really well for like the younger generation. Yep. They always be like, why did Quincy kill? I don't You. know what I'm saying? I'm like, that's a movie. But You know. That means we're doing our jobs. You know art imitates life. And if I gotta keep doing that, then I'm a, I'm not gonna shortchange the craft because a person feels a certain way I gotta go. It's like all or nothing You know what I'm saying? How was it adjusting to like You know still having your career, but now being in a co-parenting situation? Speaking of the kids, because I saw you had your, think you had one of your kids, but you had the BET awards, The basket. Yeah. My, my son Cree.


Yeah. He was at T Awards 13. He got to meet in Ellie Chopper. He saw a gun. Like he was excited. But like I said, we have a great co-parenting relationship and it's about the kids. At the end of the day, it's about the kids. And we're doing great in that, in that area. And like I said, I just, I want everybody happy, man. I support that. Just happiness. Well, what's it like sharing those moments with your, with your child at the BET awards? Because You know he's ha he's happy to be there with you, but then when he sees the NLE Chop gunner, you like, Hey, No, he was trying to act super cool around me. I was like, Cree go. I was like, son, get the picture. He was like, dad, chill man. Don't, don't embarrass me, bro. But he called me man. He was like, dad, chill man. I was like, what you just call me man? What? Chill Man. I didn't talk like that man. What you, he like, he was like fronting on me.


And. I was just like, come on son, you hacking all cool. He Ain't call you bro. Because that's the new thing. They'd be like, yo, bro. He like chill. Who You call the bro? He called me bro. But not, then he called me Chill man. I was like, okay son, I'm gonna chill because right now I can't, I don't wanna mess up your energy. 'cause you in a good space right now. And he's got inspired by going the next morning. He woke up, trained in two hours in the backyard. Video showed me the, the, the FaceTime like, dad, look, You know I really wanna go to the NBA You know. So I said, if that can give him that spark, man, that's what I wanted. Oh, That's what he wants to do. You want the book? He wants to Go? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I. Look, I tell him, you can do anything in this world. You wanna do And I. And it's something on people. I was doing an interview and we always say hard work, dedication. And then we finished up what I got God on my side.


He said it on People Magazine. Wow. Yeah. So that's, that's what's up man. So How are you as a dad? Like you said your, your son called you bro before. Yes. He has. You, You're a girl dad as well. So that means you get emotional at times. Always. I'm always emotional with my kids. Alright. I'm the same, but, so, so talk about that a little bit. Raising kids in this industry and having kids. How has it changed your life? It's changed my life because I, I gotta walk with a certain responsibility on how I move. And. I pride myself in that because I got somebody counting on me, like some little people counting on me. So Daddy can't make the wrong move. Daddy gotta stay on swivel. Daddy can't get caught up in no mess. Daddy gotta protect the mama regardless. You know what I'm saying? So that's just how I live my life. I think The biggest issue for us is, I, I can't speak for us everybody, but You know sometimes with black men, we, my, I'd always say my dad raised me out of fear and not love.


That's just because he didn't want me to make the same mistakes that he made. And being that we're, I believe the first generation that gets the luxury of healing. Yes. We have to show, show, show how to lead, how to parent with, with love and not fear. Yes, I agree. It's all about love and fear because you do crazy things outta fear and it, it won't, it's just like that can't be healthy. So you gotta move with love. You gotta move with the good pure intentions. And like I said, but you gotta tell you, you gotta be honest with your kids too. You know. I try to tell 'em what the real world looks like and what it really is because my kids are very spoiled. You know first class, I didn't fly a plane till I was 17 and that was coach all the way in the back. Shoot. I ain't get on until I was 21. I was 21. Yeah, I think I was 17 or 18.


I was about, he knows about You know Sushi, the first class and Emirates and Lafon. Emirate. He said Emirates And Sushi. But La Konza, he knows like he in a, at an early age. But I said, son, mommy and daddy work for this. You gotta work man. Don't know If, you don't work. You can't, you not gonna get none of this. That's real. And you can't rely on Daddy. Like, I will take care of you with my kids. But I'm like, come on, that private, that $55,000 school tuition ain't no joke. You know. And now my daughter just got in kindergarten, same school. So I'm like, son, I'm doing that for you. So you gotta do something. That's The other struggle. What's that? Because, because my daughter's the same way. My, my youngest eight and five.


My favorite airline is Emir. You know And. I like Mint, JetBlue and You know. Like, I wanna go back to Zanzibar. And it is like, like whoa. You know what I mean? So, but but You open their eyes though. Yes. But there's also a part of you that feels like you want to instill some type of little struggle in little Struggle. You know, remember the pork and beans and hot dogs You know. So they don't come from that sugar sound like it is just like, I want him to have that sometimes. Take him to Chicago, take him to the project. I want him to see that. No, they order steak. Can I get my steak medium please? I'm like medium. I used to get it well done sizzling. But Do we really want that for our kids? I I don't, but it's kind of like, I wanna trick 'em like I want it, but I know. Yeah, you You know like, man, my kid's gonna be fine. Yeah. But just give 'em a little balance. So My kids order Uber Eats when they hungry.


Yeah. We'd have to go and make something, figure Something out. Shoot. If there was something to make, If it was something to make, but they Go Uber Eats now I'm just gonna order Chick-fil-A today, dad. Yeah. And we say, okay, it's, it's different. All right baby. But are we setting them up for success or is it like fail? Like that's what I'm saying, like, because I didn't have that. Like I, I know how to go get it. Like whatever. You can throw me out in the survival mode. I'm sure you guys as well. But I guess I do get afraid sometimes. I pray constantly to raise trauma free kids. So why would we ever, why And I always think to myself, why do I want to You know, show them any type of trauma. Like why, why do I want that in them when I'm, when I'm trying so hard to get it outta me? Was there any of any doubt that I might not make it out of Chicago? Yeah. A lot of times, a lot of, lot of crazy stories got a gun pulled a lot.


It is a lot of those we'll be here all day. Like I, I made it out by the grace of God. You know I've got this song, Psalms 46, 10 be still know I'm God. That's right. I've been wearing the blood of Jesus on his left hand for 13 years. Got oil on it. So, but I still cuss. I'm still real You know. I look at Man in the eye and let him know I'm a grown, I'm a grown ass man. You know. It's just me. I hang. I don't need 30 people with me. You know. So it's just like, but I do, I do love God and know I'm still here because of God. And I, And I got a purpose to fulfill You know. What Does your support system look like? Like just, just you Corey. I mean, I'm working on it. My kids not a big one. You know. Mm. I'm working on it. I'm just now getting like, team behind me is telling me to celebrate myself.


I don't really know how. I wasn't never really used to celebrating me. I was always what's the next job or what's the next thing or keep moving or that's not good enough. Or 'cause I 40 something movies I still felt like not appreciated. Sometimes You know, like, man, You know, but, but this is the first one where I feel like Mr. Perry was just like, You know. He told me he loved me the other day. Hug me. I'm so effing proud of you You know. And to hear him say that gave me some confidence to say I'm doing, I'm doing all right. You feel like you don't get the credit you deserve as an actor? I'm not looking for it. I don't know. You are not looking for it. But do you feel that Way? Nah, they'll give it to me when they supposed to. Like I get underrated and how come you ain't more movies that I get compared to people, but I'm like, people you compare me to, I love.


And my friends You know God gives time. Like the time is different for everybody. You know. But I feel like my time is now though. All right, we got more with Cory Hardrick when we come back and make sure you check out Tyler Perry's divorce in the Black on Amazon Prime video right now. Keep a lock. It's the Breakfast Local. Good morning. Morning everybody. Its DJ J Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We still kicking it with Corey Hardrick. He's in the building. His new flick Divorce in the Black is out right now. So Corey, what is your dream role? I really haven't thought it. I used to wanna play Barack, but then they did a movie about Barack And. I was just like, ah, I can See That. I can see it. I can see it too soon As you I can from Chicago.


What now? I just wanna play like, I want to play black Jesus say The. World. Like You know. I wanna really do that like in a human way. Like save people, help people You know. Just let people know that You know that we gonna be all right. You know And, I. Can I, can I I'm the one that can make sure everything's okay. I wanna play that character, whatever that character may be. How do you stay focused nowadays being a a a a single man and You know being on television and being in movies and yes, I'm sure women are You know coming at you. You aren't Breakfast Club with a blazer on no shirt, No shirt, You know thirst trapping. I saw y'all. No, no, I'm not. I ain't thirst trapping, giving it up. But I said I wanna, I said I wanna hit him with that Rick James.


Rick Just hilarious. I said I wanna hit him with that. Rick James You know my man out there. He told me, he's like, yeah, light-skinned brother's always coming no shirt on. But I said, I got dark, dark skinned energy brother. I I I act like a dark skinned dude, but I, yeah, I am nice. Whatever man. But nah, I'm not, I'm not dating. It's just I'm focused on my kids. That's why I'm dating. Like, 'cause when I'm not trying to work or handling business, I'm trying to get my body right. I'm real into the health conscious. Like I eat, well I do cryotherapy, massages, physical, the So I'm I do that and my children You know. So no, I'm, I'm, I'm focused With doing this movie Therapeutic for you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, It was just for the subject matter. You know, even though Dallas is nowhere, like Cory Hardrick, And I want people to know that.


'cause You know I got some messages that I saw too. And they gonna be talking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But if they, they don't recognize that I'm an actor. I've really been doing this. You know, I've been to the Oscars You know twice. I've been in a bunch of movies. It's made over billions of dollars. But like you say, I haven't really been visible. Like I got a publicist now she's here. Michelle, if I got a manager, Sheila like got some strong black women behind me. So it's like, did you not have that before? Nah, I didn't. Oh, that's why you hesitated when I asked you what the support system look like when you say you working on it. Yeah, I'm working. This is all new. Wow. I've known them both for a while, but this is new. And they're You know. They're like my community who's trying to inspire, encourage me. So sometimes it's still hard for me to believe it who I am. Is that because you, You because you lost your mom at such an early age?


You I would say that's some of it. And just dealing lost my brother like 14 years ago to gun violence in Chicago. That's why Chicago, when we bring that up, it's kind of like a touchy You know. 'cause that brings back memories of tragedy and pain. You know when I think about Chicago, but it is You know it happened and You know. I just, I'm doing my best to honor, honor them to this day. And I mean I lost my stepdad a few years ago as well, who's like a my dad as well. So it's just been a lot. Yeah. Yeah. It's been a lot. And then You know everyone knows the other, the other thing. And so it gets tough, but it is what it is. Do you have to adjust to bringing people around? 'cause you probably condition yourself to be such a I'm Closed off loner. Yeah. Yeah.


I don't trust nobody. Like it takes a while to get into like my space or just to let you in there. So I'm, like I said, when I said I'm working on it, I'm really like working on it now. Like today I do see light at the end of the tunnel. I feel like it's clear as day now, like where I'm going. I've developed strength, like a certain strength where I feel like I'm, can nothing stop me now. I'm actually stronger than I've ever been at this moment in my life. I'm always scared for actors though. Only because like You know, they, you, they always say staying busy as a response to trauma. And when you're acting you can totally escape yourself. You don't even have to be you Right. Or deal with you. So when you not acting right and you finally gotta just sit down and deal with you, oh my God, you Right. I mean, Yeah, because I, I give it all into the camera, but when you go and you're done, you just plop down and it's like, man, I'm exhausted.


You. know what I'm saying? Like, I, I'm drained, like I'm drained. Like what do I do to pick myself back up? That's why I just do a lot of things like eating healthy that helps me out. Like drinking some fasting and drinking juice, doing the juice clean like that, that, that gets me back. Doing the foot treatment, like detox treatment with the foot treatments. So yeah. That's, that's pretty much It Sound Like you're learning yourself all over again, man. Yes. I, I'm, it's a good thing. Word in a good way. Absolutely. Just in a good way. Like people are like, man, I ain't never seen like you, you stepping out and you doing all this stuff. But I feel like I got, I have to now to get to where I need to go. You know, it's just like I gotta do a little different, just a small tweak. I'm not really changing who I am, it's just, I'm just letting people know that I'm, I'm Corey Hardrick.


But I'm glad we're seeing you more man. Thank you Jay. I'm proud of y'all brothers doing it. Thank you sir. Doing it man. Holding it down. Did for the Culture. Did you have chest hands and you shaved them off? Or you I had no chest hair. I didn't, didn't Put no grease. You talking about this man, Come on man. It's just interesting to me. You Ky Charla. I Finn hit him with that pause. He didn't even say pause. Pause man. When You, when you're doing the blazing no shirt, I'm like, okay. Like you said Rick James. I'm just trying to figure out, but I, It, it get a little tricky when they glisten the chest. I don't do nothing to my chest. Whatever my chest look like, that's what it's gonna look like. You Don't want 'em to put No, You ain't put nothing on my chest. So Even when they doing the makeup, you don't let them Spray stay away from the chest. They coming there, they be like, lemme spray on this a little bit. Charlamagne. No, I gotta keep it grown man.


I'm a grown ass man though. Don't, don't come in my chest, man. Paul, god damn. I was now you about, that was crazy. What did he Say was crazy now? Yeah, It was crazy. No, you my man. I hit you with the boss. Jesus Christ made us awkward and uncomfortable. All right, well Corey, we Appreciate you for joining us. Thank I saw Charlemagne was flirting with you. Take out the movie Though. Yes. Voice in the black out right now. Salute to the good brother Tyler Perry. We do not give Tyler Perry to flowers he deserves. I love Tyler Perry. This movie gonna change. It's changing my career trajectory. I'm telling you right now. You, when y'all see it, you going to see what I was saying. We saw what Megan said about Tyler paying her the most she's ever been paid. Well she deserves, I've heard Tara Roger say that. I've heard Tiffany had you say that. Can I tell you? Yeah. He paid me the most I ever made in the film for three weeks.


Really? Ever. And I've worked on films five months, $75 million budgets. Three weeks. That's why I say he is a gift from God. He's an amazing human being From God, man, And, I. Don't think people realize And I. Maybe I'm wrong because I'm not in Hollywood, but doesn't that set a precedent once you get that? I hope so. Your rate moving forward. I hope so. Like, like I said, I can just being honest. I hope so. I would love to You know double that or keep it pushing there and, and, and and beyond. So yeah, I feel like I'm, I'm on the right track okay For that. But Salute the Tyler 'cause people don't do that. Man. And I love hearing those stories. I love hearing people say that. I had the Brad Pitt, Eddie Murphy trailer, like the three levels. I I went in there, had a bed or a water bed. Ja, I'm saying you could live in his, in the trailer they had for me.


That's how I knew. I said I'm being valued. That's right. That's Right. So that's why, that's what brought out my best work of being valued. Wow. Well thank you so much for joining us. I Love Tyler Perry. Tyler could ask one More question. Ask me anything. Why Don't you look at this man right here. You Said alright man in the interview man, you seen Morris Chestnut before. He looked like Morris Chestnut. Morris' Not in the movie. Like he not working with Morris. This ain't nothing to do with nothing. He swear he looks like, Oh, you saying you look like Morris. You think he look like Morris? He called himself more. Just nothing. Now you've seen the brother. You be in movies with the brother. You look like Charlamagne. I don't thank you. I don't think you favor Morris Chestnut. Thank you. Well, I don't see it. You might need Lasix a little bit, just a little You know. Just, but why Are you saying you look like another man squint like this? Like you saying you look like another dude.


What's Going on? No, Morris said. Morris said he gets mistaken for me. That's what he said on Jennifer Hutchin show. I know more Morris line his ass up. Morris don't look like you, man. Why y'all doing that? Stop that man. That's my man. Corey Roderick. Ladies and gentlemen, check out Tyler Perry's divorce in black on Amazon Prime right now. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank you. Let's get the, just the mess. Your music is real. Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. Don't do no Lie. She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide Method on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See.


It's time to set it off. Okay, so Michael Ailey and Megan Good reunited. Michael Ailey ran into his old work wife Megan Good at this event in LA and their reaction was caught on video and is now going viral. I'm pretty sure y'all saw the video. The video shows Michael Ailey hugging Megan Tight picking her up, about to spin her around Ma making her squeal with Glee. And, and then it shows that Jonathan Majors is standing right there, seemingly being unacknowledged. Seemingly re remember that I said that Michael Ailey skips him and then dabs up the rapper D Smoke. And he was right there with his wife too. But he politely greeted these smoke's wife You know with a handshake.


And then they all took a group photo. Fans went crazy at the scene, the video, because like I said, it, it seemed like he didn't acknowledge Jonathan Majors. So it was a lot of comments swarming around and all of that. Oh my God, that's crazy. Not how you gonna pick up somebody wife and, and do all of that now that the way they spoke, that, that, that was a little crazy You. know what I'm saying? For my, for my, my guy to be right there next to me. But Lauren LaRosa from Brown Girl Grinding did her research and or Brown girl grind Brown girl grinding, grind, Grinding. Okay. Is Brown girl doing something? Little Freaky. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Lauren said little freaky on a Friday. But yeah, Ute Lauren, she did our research and found a full video of their interaction and it seemed like Michael Ailey spoke to Jonathan first.


First right before he even like, so he hugged her first. That was funny. I just wanted to clear that up. 'cause people ain't clear that up on these blogs, they will believe Anything The yeah, the, the the most negative narrative Because nobody cares about the truth when the lie is more entertaining. So it's better for me if I take your clip outta context or take your words outta context and get this engagement and get these retweets and get my, get the computers puting. Correct. That is, that is so crazy though. But it, it is still, I still, he he ain't had to pick her up though. Like, all right Mike, I was gonna ask you that. You don't have a a, a friend that You know like that, that will, that picks you up like that? No, Not in front of my boyfriend. No. We not even play like that Now because it's only, I I I agree with that.


I think it's still gotta be a level of respect. Like You know. Yeah. It, it depends who it is. Like I got one person like Danny, Danny who's shares the same birthday with me. You know Danny one of my best friends. You wanna let Danny pick G up? Danny Picks G up all grab Hey G, like they haven't seen each other in a long time. It doesn't bother me. Danny is, Danny comes to my house when I'm not home. Danny Still drinking Patron like he do. Nah, nah, nah. Oh, okay. Because He be drunk. I about to say Danny Be drunk so you're doing too much Danny. But, But does Danny, does Danny pick you up too after He does not, but Dan. Alright then. But Daniel Come to the crib. I saw Danny do that. I saw Danny hug you from behind one time. Danny does not hug me from behind. He did. Don't start that rumor, but Dan'll come to the crib.


Pick, take my kids to amusement parks like he does that. He's the only one. But You know. You just don't know how to close they are. I got you. Yeah. I aint never picked none of my homegirls off their feet. I don't see the point in All that. Yeah. Like, and then made them squeal and almost spin 'em around and it's like, damn. Well Man was happy to see each other. I don't know how cool to see y'all. Absolutely happy to see each other, but no, it was just still, it, it was still a a, a more appropriate way. He could have greeted her in front of her man. Two women arrested for killing sugar. Daddy, we have the report. Please play that. Prosecutors Have filed charges against two women who investigators say gained access to a Dead Man's cash app by cutting off his finger. Investigators tell us Audrey Miller and Tiffany Taylor Gray viciously attacked the man inside his northwest DC apartment back in April, then cut off the man's thumb, stole his phone and cleaned up the crime scene.


Y'all watch too many movies. I know, I seen that on a movie. I just can't think about what movie it is. It sounds like a a I seen it definitely. It's gonna come to me in a second, but I seen the movie where they've done this. Yeah. But It and it sounds like a lifetime movie. I wouldn't even give that to b That's too No, that's a little too good. That, that sounds like something Lifetime did before. But the guy was 53 years old. He was a married father of two Mm He was found with multiple stab wounds, blunt force fractures and a missing thumb. And look how about after they cut off his thumb and they gained excess too. His cash at they splurged on Uberize weed and liquor. That's what they did. They did that for a cash app ca. Cash app. That's crazy. You couldn't put a gun to him and say Get get me your ca money just me that you gotta cut his thumb.


I don't know man. I tell you. I I just, I don't know. Yep. I don't Know anymore. One of the girls was 22 years old. She reportedly worked at a, as a sex worker and referred to Facile that was the guy's name as her sugar daddy. So that's, and the other girl was only 19 Audrey Denise Miller's 19. So, And now they about to go to jail for the rest of the rest of their natural born lives as they should. Absolutely. Because they watch too many damn movies. Yeah, that was, that was really sad. And they're both goofy, I would say. And real quick, I wanna get to this show. Chris Brown commented on a, a post of one of his lookalikes right now, these lookalikes, they be big fans though. You. know what I'm saying? Sometimes they are, sometimes they not. But this guy's a big fan of Chris Brown.


Chris Brown got so mad, he commented and said, it's lame as f you impersonating me. You look like you missing a chromosome. Be you Mya. You could never be me. So stop before I slap the itch out. You how you mad? 'cause somebody look like you. Or maybe you, Chris, maybe you feel like you don't look at him. May maybe more just us you did at the Charlemagne one time. No Charlamagne


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and stok in the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction. All conditions always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


At public.com. We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all you are investing in one place, 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


It's the come key. Welcome back to the Lee. Come key request line. Ready for something with a kick that's still smooth. Talk about a hot time at dinner time crisscross. This is America's number one spicy mayo and non GMO verified sriracha. It's the sriracha slide coming at you from Lee Conkey. Turn it out Sriracha slide on over to sriracha love.com to check it out. Sriracha real smooth.


No Charlemagne aint out here. Just he let other people say that or he lie and say, people said that he look like Morris shots not, he not really posting pictures like, oh my God, don't I look like Morris like or every Now And I post. But see, this is what I do. I post a video of Mars, okay. And say it's me. And then people will be like, boy that ain't you. They'll be, they'll be like, wait a minute, that ain't you. 'cause they thought it was me at first. Nobody cool because it's the resemblance. No, it's just, but see, it's a big difference. Like Shalene is a clown. Everybody knew that. So it's not like they taking him serious anyway. Like this man's so bad. Facts, You know. True. But I'm like, Chris, don't get mad. Chris. Wait, Chris be going off. Anyway, Charlamagne sits down with LL Cool J for an exclusive interview that drops today at 9:00 PM Am we discussed?


I mean, 9:00 AM I'm big here. They wanted me to be excited about it. And I messed that up. We'll Pretend. Alright, Charlemagne. God sets down with tj. We dropped the interview at 9:00 AM today. He sat down with the legend and they discussed some things. This particular clip is interesting to me about Ello cool j battling Jay-Z back in the day. I I, is it true that you and Jay-Z once battled in a parking lot in Manhattan and, and you wrapped a verse from Funkadelic Relic and, and him and his team laughed at You. First of all, I wasn't a, I didn't rap a verse from Funkadelic Relic. Okay, that's the first, That's the story. It is bullshit. Okay. It's not true. What what did happen though is see Guy You know he in the club and he trying to You know flash money to get my attention and I'm looking, okay.


And then this man's sauce came up to me and was rapping. So I had a couple of rhymes. Remember I'm albums in now when I ain't have a deal. I had a suitcase of rhymes. Now I'm albums in. So I said some rhymes. Then I said a little bit of a song. Ain't no stopping this a little bit. I was out of rhymes. B. So yes. Did I run outta rhymes? Was I finished rapping? Abso absolutely. Was it their peanut gallery? Absolutely. Yeah, man, I, the the new series drops today at 9:00 AM It's called Outta Context. It'll be a recurring series. And You know ll talks about a lot of things. He talks about learning how to rap again. He talks about a lot of stuff with Jay-Z He talks about Russell Simmons and his legacy and he talks about his legacy ll being in the game 40 years this year. Did y'all talk about how he wanted to, to, To beat you up at one time?


And y'all squashed that? No, not on camera. I don't even think we, no, that never even came up, period. We never talked about that. That was so long ago, man. I mean, it's good that you guys got over it. 'cause at one time he really wanted to beat, beat you up. He, he wanted a box. He wanted to put hands on you. Yes, A couple times. Oh my God's four or five times a long way. We all, we all, we all have. Yes, we all have. Yeah, that is just for the mess. But the, it'll be, it'll be up on my YouTube channel at, at 9:00 AM Okay. And my YouTube is C of God. C-T-H-A-G-O-T. Alright. Yes. Now, who you giving your donkey To? Man? I need the Democratic party. They, their, their symbol is a donkey for a reason. We need Them again. Listen, we need them to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a war with them. Okay? Okay.


Alright. We'll get to that. Nexus. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. You are checking out The, Breakfast, Club America. America has a problem out. They're gonna see the disinfectant. Is there a way we can do something like that by injection? I wouldn't have picked Vice President Trump to be vice president, but I think she's not qualified to be president on January 6th. We're respected all over The World. And we're not left at, we're like a bunch of stupid people. Well, whatcha are talking about? Yes, you're adult. I'm tired of your shenanigans. What did I do? Give a problem figuring out whether you're from Mayor Trump and you ain't black. They're taking black jobs Now. Oh man, Charlemagne, I just want to know today, who gets donkey other day on The Breakfast Club hee-haw.


Oh no. Donkey today for Friday, July 12th goes to the Democratic party. Your symbol is a donkey for a reason. Listen, America, when it comes to this presidential election in November, we all deserve better. I don't care what party you represent, I don't care who you have voted for in the past. I don't care who you voting for now, I just wish we had better options to choose from. Okay? More than half of all Americans believe that Biden nor Trump should lead their respective parties White House tickets this year. The reason Democrats are getting donkey at the day this morning is because of President Joe Biden. I've been asking a simple question for the past year and a half, and that question is, can the Biden Harris ticket win in November? I even went so far as to say back in December when I was hosting the Daily Show, Hey, president Biden isn't getting any younger.


He's not getting a new running mate. So he needed to do America the biggest favor and step down. The stakes are too high in November and we know elections are gonna be close regardless. But what's concerning is that even through all of Trump's dysfunction, right? The fact we saw him lead an attempted co of this country, the fact he said he wants to terminate the Constitution to overthrow the results of an election, the fact that he is one of the primary reasons the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate institution. I keep repeating this because I want you all to understand. The Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade legalized bribery of public officials declared the president of the United States absolutely immune from criminal prosecution. They have ended race conscious admission programs at colleges and universities across the country. They are just corrupt.


And not because they're majority conservative, but because they are supposed to be impartial, but they are not. Okay? Right Now, if voters attempt to elect leaders, the Supreme Court claims the authority to overrule them by literally picking whose vote should be counted or recounted. I'm not making this up. The Supreme Court literally doesn't have to care about what voters want. Republicans have to set up a system. I mean, Republicans have set up a system where either Republicans win elections or elections don't matter. Please, I told y'all earlier this week, read the article that Eli Ell wrote for the nation. It's clear, concise, easy to understand, and you can see the damage Donald Trump's Supreme Court has done to America.


But let me stay focused even with all that dysfunction, And I didn't even mention any of the criminal charges in convictions. Even with all that, somehow Biden and the Democrats look in more disarray and more dysfunctional than Trump and the Republicans. And the reason for that is President Joe Biden. Joe Biden distracts sadly, from all the dysfunction that Donald Trump has brought to this country, Trump lies 30 times in the debate doesn't matter. President Biden's physical and mental fragility eclipse that Supreme Court presidential immunity ruling eclipsed by President Biden's physical and mental fragility, the threat of Project 2025 in the future, eclipsed by Biden's Physical and mental fragility and You. know why Biden eclipses all of that dysfunction because folks are terrified that he can't win in November.


It's not rocket science. If democracy is at stake, act like it. Where is the sense of urgency? Okay, running President Biden is not a sense of urgency. I saw six polls this week that he's behind Trump in the latest P-B-S-N-P-R Mayors Poll says majority of Americans don't want Biden as the Democratic candidate, but he hasn't lost ground to Trump. It says, if the election was held today, 50% of registered voters would support Biden. 48% said they would vote Trump. The difference between the two falls within the margin of error. Let's talk about those margins. Do you really believe when you look at President Biden, he can inspire and energize those undecided voters? How many undecided voters look at Trump and Biden and say, You know what I'm gonna choose to couch this year.


I'm staying home or I'm gonna vote third party, or I'm gonna write in who I support and, and people. This narrative is not changing between now and November. Every time President Biden is in the public eye, folks are gonna be discussing how they feel he's physically and mentally not fit to run. And that will discourage people come November that along with how people feel about his policies, which he won't ever get to explain because he will be constantly trying to defend that he's physically and mentally fit so he can't even get to his record. And those are the reasons why President Biden needed to step aside. Everyone who is saying he needed to step down is absolutely correct. I saw folks mad at George Clooney and saying, you shouldn't listen to celebrities.


George Clooney is a tax paying You know. Well, you shouldn't listen to celebrities. You know celebrities are outta touch. I say George Clooney is a tax paying citizen who votes. He has a right to an opinion just like we all do. Furthermore, his word means more than a lot of us. Not because he's a a celebrity, but because he's a Major Biden fundraiser. Right? The man headlined a fundraiser for Biden that raised $28 million for his reelection campaign, the most for the Democratic Party from a single event in history. His word matters. Okay? And he's not asking Biden to drop out because he wants Trump to win. He's asking Biden to step down because he doesn't want Trump to win and he doesn't think Biden can beat him. Why is this a hard concept for people to grasp?


Okay, last night at the press conference, president Biden said this about dropping out. You earlier explained confidence in your vice president. Yes. If your team came back and showed you data that she would fare better against former President Donald Trump, would you reconsider your decision to stay in the race? No. Unless they came back and said, there's no way you can win me. No, I'm saying that No. Paul says that. Tell him, tell him today. Okay. Tell him today he can't win. And then what do you do? Your bump, his very qualified VP to the top of the ticket, Kamala Harris. Okay. Pair her with a white man.


I don't know who that white man is personally. I like Governor Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania. Pair her with a white man and everybody just go to work. Okay? Don't tell me Vice President Kamala Harris can't win. Don't tell me this country will never vote for a, a, a woman of color because stranger things have happened like 2008 when we elected a black man with the middle name of a terrorist. And in 2016, we elected the executive producer of the Celebrity Apprentice. Stranger. Things have happened in desperate times, called for desperate measures. But desperate times can also bring about historical change. And don't tell me there is no time to put Vice President Kamala Harris at the top of the ticket. There's only four months charlamagne to snort. Enough time. Well, according to President Biden last night at the press conference, the campaign hasn't even started yet.


He said it. Listen, How accurate does anybody think the polls are these days? I can give a series of polls where you have likely voters, me versus Trump, where I win all the time. When the un the unlikely voters to vote, he wins sometimes. So bottom line is all the polling data right now, which I think is premature because the campaign really hasn't even started. I mean, it hadn't started in earnest yet. Most of the time it doesn't start till after September after Labor Day. So, okay, a lot can happen, but I think I'm the best qual I know. I believe I'm the best qualified to govern. Okay, well, since the campaign hasn't really started yet, and it doesn't really start till after Labor Day, I guess we still in training camp.


So let's try a new starting quarterback named Kamala Harris. Okay, look, I know y'all like to run around saying, I would vote for a corpse before I voted for a convicted felon. But wouldn't you rather vote for somebody alive? Why do we act like there is no option? Okay, and the time calls for this, all right, we have a president who is a convicted felon and a vice president, or we have a ex-president who is a convicted felon and a vice president who is a prosecutor. Okay? It's perfect. The prosecutor versus the convicted felon, something that is always in the eyes of a lot of people. You know some things. Something that has always been kamala's. A chilies Achilles heel could actually be one of her greatest grips right now. Okay? I don't know if she can win either. It's all a toss up.


But I think it will bring more energy. I think it will be more inspiring. And for people who say it takes years to get national recognition, not in this day and age. Okay? As soon as that switch happens, Biden drops out and Kamala becomes the nominee. The World will know because of social media. Okay? That's all folks will be talking about. You know. Can Kamala overcome sexism and racism to become president? I don't know. I just know personally I would rather deal with that familiar distraction, people being sexist and racist towards a candidate. We've seen that before and we've seen people overcome those things. Okay? President Obama won and Hillary won the popular vote. But You know that damn electoral college. All I'm simply saying is keeping President Biden in the race for president is cruel and unusual punishment.


And I'm talking, I'm not talking about elder abuse. I'm talking about for us. Alright? The American people, this whole election, Trump versus Biden is cruel and unusual punishment for us. The people we deserve better Republicans don't care. They have chosen the devil. They know Democrats. It is time for old Captain America to put down his shield and it's time to bump the VP to the top of the ticket and rally around her. Okay? It's all a crapshoot either way, because the Supreme Court literally doesn't have to care about what voters want. But hey, it's time for Democrats in America to start thinking about President Kamala Harris because President Joe Biden ain't it? He's tired.


And if he's not tired, we are. Please give the Democratic Party the biggest hee-haw. All right? I would have to agree. I would have to agree. It's time. It is time. Harry, what else? What's going on? Like y'all already I'm done. I I'm just gonna say I agree. I'm Done. I have nothing else to say. I'm Oh, you wanna the linger a little bit? No, I just was sitting there. I'm done. No, I'm talking about envy. You wanted to, I Was, I was waiting for you to, he Was just thinking. You agree? That's All that's wrong. Anyway, since we ain't got nothing else to say, I have this to say.


Let me tell y'all something. Y'all know Denzel coming up with this new movie, gladiator. Gladiator part two. That is the one sexy Yes, man. Oh, You seen him in the Bronx? What? No, like he, it like I'm looking at this picture of him. You have A man. This Is absolutely, I have no, but not this man right here. This is crazy. Like You really know how to instill confidence in your man. You have a baby that's about to drop You. Chris driving the truck. Chris just almost hit somebody just now all swerving off the road, listening to you You know You have a man. All I'm saying is the salt and pepper. Denzel with the Caesar and a goatee and a it is. Yeah, Man. That's why I'm letting my pepper grow. Not pepper. That's why I'm letting my salt grow in right now.


Don't Compare yourself to Denzel You. know what? Never ever we have to stop this like this dude thinks he's more that he says, I'm letting my song Pepper because the dead You know what, Here's the thing that y'all need to understand. There's a certain tier of handsome that there's just You know people all just can't get to me. Me, come back. Me. Denzel TK Kirk will be joining us. He's performing at the Stress Factory in New Jersey this tonight and tomorrow. So we gonna talk to TK when we come back. 'cause this nigga lying. This he crazy. What I'm lying about being handsome. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. That's Right. The Good brother.


TK Kirkland. Ladies. Yes. See for the mother Fing. K Yes. Yes, yes, yes. A summer visit from TK Kirkland means something big must be happening. And it is. Yes sir. Because you just announced to catch me. If you can World tour. Yes. Via Live Nation. Yes. We, we started in April, but I You know I always try to get to yo And I get ready kick stuff off. But then with the kids and other stuff, I had to travel so everything worked out well. So I'm making a pit stop this weekend for the Stress Factory. 'cause it's my home. This is the only date that video had And I had to come do Jersey. So that's why I'm here. You know, to promote that and to talk about the, the rest of the tour, which I'm gonna be in Houston next week at the House of Blues.


And the 19th I'm gonna be at Elmos in Austin, Texas. So I, I'm, I'm excited. I'm excited. Charlotte, man. Yeah. You just turned 63 this year too. Dang. Yeah. Grasp What keeps you motivated, man? What keeps you going? Just, I just think it's in my DNA You know. And at one time I think we talked about I was gonna retire and then when you start realizing when you home for a couple days or a week, you go, wow, listen, I don't know You know. You're like, You. know what? I think I need to stay busy because I think that's the old mindset. People think they need to stay retired just to chill. But I think to stay youthful and active and live a long time, you actually have to be active and fit in your schedule.


Working out and taking care of yourself. All the, so I stay consistent with that. I wanted to ask you about comedians stealing jokes. Right. And it's, it's something that we always talk about all the time. You've come up here so many times and, and you probably were the first one to talk about signs of getting old and make sure you date somebody that knows the signs of getting old signs of Stroke. Right. Right. But I've been hearing that joke more and more and more and More And more. Does that upset you when you, when you hear your jokes? Here's the thing, when I said that joke, someone said, Sinbad did that joke years ago. What people don't know about me, And I. Think Charlemagne could say. 'cause he's, he's worked with me a lot of times. I never watch another comic. Mm. I always stay out the room.


There's no comic that's not gonna talk about something that another comic has not talked about already. It's impossible. You and you, it's gonna be the same topic. It may not. Now If you do somebody's material joke for joke, for joke. You're stealing the joke. But If you dealing with topic. Like we all, if we are comedians, you wanna talk about marriage, you wanna talk about marriage, I wanna talk about marriage. Right. I can't stop you from doing that 'cause that's your story. Right. One thing that I do about my standup show is I read a lot. When I go and get on the mic, whatever happens, happens. I don't have a a set structure show because when I got my degree, it was, we were taught that when you give a speech and they'll get the same speech for the same audience. 'cause every audience is different.


Correct. So you truly have to be prepared for what's going to happen. So when someone distills something to mime, I'm not that petty. I I got so much material, I'll do two, three hours on you in a minute. And you a Tough act to follow regardless. tk. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't play, you already know I bring the heat. Absolutely. Yeah. I bring the heat Was is a concert or whatever. I bring the heat. And I, I saw you at Essence Fest. That had to be like a full circle moment. Listen, because you hosted the 30th anniversary of the Cash Money Millionaires. Yes. And shout out to Baby and Slim. We've been working on some other things. What are you doing with them? Because I I I've been hearing that you might have a Netflix special coming. Yeah. But then I'm hearing you doing something with Birdman. So was the Birdman like a special?


Yeah. What we gonna do is everything should be finalized soon, but we gonna do it October 18th at the Fillmore in New Orleans. And it's gonna be cash money presents TK Kirkland. Wow. So we getting ready to do something really, really huge and, and then we got some other big things that we're doing. So it's 90% done. But you went On tour with them back In the day. Right? I started with Cash Money and what happened was a man shout out to Ron Bird 'cause I was touring with Jay-Z on Hard Knock Life tour. And when we got down to New Orleans, Nelly and them was all on the show, but they didn't have nobody to host it. So I'm sitting in the audience, You know I'm an opportunist. So I said, Ron, y'all, y'all need somebody to go on. He said, you wanna Go up?


Ron Bird was the tour manager. You know exactly. Ron Bird is You know. I was on that tour. You was On that tour? Yeah. Yeah. I was on that tour. Nelly Birdman fabulous. I was the Yep, yep. And Amarie. Right. And I went on and baby saw me and You know. He said, yo, they was about to do baller blocking and You know they just came into a lot of money. So I was flying down there all the time. And when we got ready to do the set, I was in my dressing room. And this when baby didn't really respect money 'cause he was carrying money around like Floyd Mayweather. Why you say he don't respect money? Because, Because he was just throwing You know I'm old school. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know. I believe everything you make, you keep, like he, I mean the word stunner really fits him. Yeah. Because he stunts Joe in a, in, in a positive way.


How would You tell these kids nowadays that just people in general, how would you tell them to respect money? That's A good question. Charlamagne. What kids to me don't think about as their future. You get set up from the government. 'cause they, everybody gets their credit card. At least they use it back when you was 18, 19 years old. They send you this credit card to get Mm. They have $2,400 on it. Kids, most kids in the hood never get that kind of money at one time. So they go shopping, never pay the credit card bill. Now when you get older, you realize you start getting your life again. Won't get your credit. Good. And you realize now that 2,400 is 30518 cents. It was a set up from the beginning. So what we wanna tell kids is think about your future. Because when you get my age and not even my age, you understand it better.


But you can really start it in your twenties and thirties. Because one of my things I put in my act is like Rockefeller was so amazing. He got most people thinking that Most of the schools in Atlanta or HBCU schools, Rockefeller. Yeah. Watch the game. A lot of people think that Spelman is A-H-B-C-U school. It's not. Nah. You ready? Spelman's not A-H-B-C-U Watch what I'm about to tell you. You ready? Rocka Spelman is Rockefeller's wife. They dropped the Rockefeller Spelman. I don't know if any of this is true, but I'm listening. You Better Google it right now. I know what I'm talking about. Yeah. Let Me Google this right now. Yeah. Google it right. While we on the air, I'm listening. Yeah. While we on the Air Rock. Spelman is Rockefeller's wife.


Let me see. Oh, Laura Spelman Rockefeller. Laura Spelman Rockefeller was an American abolitionist, philanthropist school teacher and prominent member of the Rockefeller fellow family. Her husband was Standard Oil Co-founder John d Rockefeller Pelman College in Atlanta, Georgia. And the Lawrence Pelman Rockefeller Memorial were named for her. Okay. You learn something new every day. Isn't that something? Yo, that's Crazy. So Spelman, the HBCU is named after a white woman. That's wild. I never knew that. You, You see what I'm saying? Right. Ain't that insane. What made you, how'd you, when did you, when did you hear that? Like, what made you do that years ago? Because I read a lot and it, it, it blew my mind. I read a lot too. But I ain't never read that one.


That's what I haven't read every book. Right. Isn't that amazing? Is it? In 1884, the school expressed it. Gratitude for Rockefeller's generosity by changing the name. Spelman College was named Pel after Laura Spelman. Due to her significant financial contributions to the institution throughout her life, Laura Spelman was dedicated to social and educational causes, particularly for women in African Americans. Yes. Who's the HBCU? She just donated a lot of money to it. Wow. They said yeah, the rock. I knew this story. The Rockefeller family continued to donate 10% of their income to charity, including substantial donations to Spelman founded to educate black women. Wow. And other colleges around there. Okay. It's just not Spelman. So it's just amazing things that happened in 18 hundreds.


How The World can manipulate or change because we, there's just some things we just don't know. Yeah. All. We got more with TK Kirkland when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning y'all. It's the EJ NV Jess Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with TK Kirkland. Charlamagne I saw you on Vlad TV too. You said that Faison love stopped you from killing somebody, from shooting somebody. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Shout out to Faison. I'm always gonna show love to fa on. Back in the nineties, I had some issues with some gentleman down in the comedy club. And I could tell the whole story What happened. You gonna Shoot a comedian? No, no, no, no. The owner. Oh the owner. Jesus. He going to the top.


Damn. Let's Hear the story. The owner, I had went out early that day and wound up meeting this girl probably the night before. And we wound up having sex during the day. That's why I learned so much to this point in life that I try not to have sex before a show 'cause I'm just tired. Tired. Okay. Me and this girl You know we threw down dog in like two, three o'clock. I'm out. And I got three shows that night. And I missed two woke up panicking You know. And one thing about me, I always like to smell 'cause I'm still taking my shower. I ain't going out until I wash my ass. Right. So I get there and they all are in the office. And one deuce punch me in my face, yo. For being late. For being late. That's my point. Okay.


Now, I had already caught a case here in New York with the puffy situation back in the day. Right. Hold on. You need to for people that are new here. Oh yeah. Because you said puff situation with everything going on. That was the credit card fraud case case that we had back in in the nineties. Right. And once you go to court, your hands are tied because you on probation. Now, I was in a very crazy situation. I had the case here in 98, but a year before that I had caught a case in la So now New York was trying to convict me as a predicate felon. Right. And a predicate felon in the state of New York is a mandatory four to six years. So I'm dealing with that. A lot of people got a pass in my lifetime is because I had something else over my head.


And once you get in front of a DA or prosecutor that really want to make an example, they wait. Yeah. They waiting for you to slip. You gotta turn the other cheek when people are putting you in a bad situation. So you gotta make good choices. So what I did was I went to the whip and coming back up. It's coming up. It's coming up to blast. And Aon saw, I mean he


snatched. Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and stok in the scenery. Have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more. Intelligent Allwheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise and healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


It's Lee come King. Welcome back to the Lee Kung key request line. Ready for something with a kick that's still smooth. Talk about a hot time at dinner time. Crisscross. This is America's number one spicy mayo and non GMO verified sriracha. It's the sriracha slide coming at you from Lee Kung key. Turn it out Sriracha slide on over to sriracha love.com to check it out. Sriracha real smooth.


Hurry up. Got me in the car and he's driving yelling at me and Oh, he saw you with the gun? Oh yeah. He, I was getting, it was about to be on dog. Where'd you get when you was walking out the street with the handle? No, no. I always, back then I was crazy. You know I always kept something. So did he punch you and you left? Yeah, I left. The guys left. So I, I didn't yell and fight. I just knew what I was gonna do. So I went right outside. They wouldn't come outside. They was scared. So they wound up calling the police and everything and Faison snatched me up and got me out. And he was yelling at me because Faison also was one of the good friends who wrote me a character letter or the puffy situation to the judge here named Margaret who put fear in my heart. This woman, I could just tell she was tired of me because what happens when you go to court, they do care about that particular case.


But what they care about is your past. And her concern was how did he get away with all this other stuff? Like y'all should have stopped him years ago. And basically what she was saying is, the buck stops here. So I, she put fear in me to the point that I had literally took a deal with New York to turn myself in in January. And I was gonna do the four to six year. Now while I'm up in Rikers Island fighting the puffy case, puffy gets in trouble with Shine and Jennifer Lopez at the club with the gun. So the same da people come to me that's trying to put me away.


They want puffy that bad. So they come to Rikers Allen and my attorney is there. He say, Hey, they want to talk to you and wanna know what you talk to the grand jury that you saw Puffy with the gun. And You know me being clever. I said, y'all get me outta here. We can talk about it. You know can talk about it. So they took me from Rikers Island back down to the tombs. So You know, the cos know you. Right. So they see the detectives every day, they, yo, what's going on? So they taking me out and they got me in the black car and we are going to the club where the shooting happened. But they not telling me exactly what happened. They want me to ret between lines. So they're saying you was here and Puffy was here.


So I'm like, I was here, puffy was there and they so You know I'm, I'm like going through it. But all this time for the three days they took me out. I'm getting Blimpes, I'm getting Blimpes You know because you in jail. The the, the food is horrible. So I'm like, I'm hungry, I'm thirsty. You know I'm eating my butt off. Right. You know. They take me back up to Rikers Island. I think a week later they come to me and my attorney says, tk, they want to know if you're going to help them with the grand jury. And I said, nah. So were You at the club that night? Nah, they wanted me to lie. Oh, Okay. So they wanted you to put yourself in The club. Yeah, they wanted me to put myself in the club because that's how bad they wanted. Puffy damn. Yeah. They wanted him that bad dog. And I said, nah, I'm good.


They was mad as hell, yo. I said, nah, I'm good. And I wind up getting that four to six off the table. I got five years probation and here I am a successful business standup. Did You ever have that conversation with Puff and told, tell Puff what they were trying to do? Or now you never had that? No, we never, we never had that discussion. Uhuh. We never had that discussion. You might have Stopped Puff's, raining, tar, tk, If. you have said something back then. No, but I wasn't there. It would've been a lie. So They put him in jail that Jesus You. know what I'm saying? Oh yeah, Yeah. Always that type of situation. Yeah. Yeah. I totally agree. It might Have put him in prison. Puff, puff. He a legend. Yeah. But Puff is going through what he's supposed to go through. Mm. Does that make make sense? Yeah. See, in life you get so many chances to do.


Right. If, you don't do right. The universe has a way of humbling you. Oh, I agree with that. Absolute. The universe will humble you dog more than you met. 'cause as you You know, we all successor. Right? You get up certain days, you got your chest out a little bit more. Some days You know you, you treat some people a little wrong. You know, sometimes You know it's just the way it is. Right. But you gotta take that moment to say to yourself, yo, I I'm blessed. That's not, that's not, that's not push this envelope because God can really take this away from you in two seconds, in a minute. That's right. And, and If, you keep treating people bad. You keep doing violent things to women. You keep being disrespectful.


Now, don't get me wrong, you can do this maybe one year, maybe a week and then get your life together. But If, you have a track wreck for years and you didn't figure it out or the universe or make you pay. And when that situation happened to me with Puff, what hurt me? Well, we didn't have social media then. But what hurt me, my mom found out because when I was doing crime before, we didn't have social media. No one knew about your business. You could have shot somebody. Right? But no one knows what you did a week ago. So now this hit the news. Now the same people who love you and respect you, when you get in trouble, they're embarrassed. 'cause they whole career, they talk about how amazing you are, how blah, blah, blah.


And when you hurt them, it's a blow. And my mother didn't go to church, yo for like six months. Wow. Stopped going to the same place to get her. She didn't wanna hear about it. Yeah, she didn't wanna hear about it. She was so I explained to her, I said, ma, do not be embarrassed. I said, you raised me right? I said, you raised me. Right. You know. So when someone says to you, just say You know he's his old man. That was his choices. And all those experiences made me who I am today. Right? 60 something years old. I'm humble. I'm respectful of life. And to still doing what I'm doing at my age is just in a a total gift. TK Kirkland man, go check him out. Catch me If. you can World tour tickets available right now on live nation.com.


And he'll be in New Brunswick, New Jersey this weekend at the Stress factor. Stress Factor.com. Get your tickets, get your tickets. Ladies jumped from Jersey City and then check me out. Next Friday, July 18th in Houston at the House of Blues and Austin, Texas, July 19th at Elmos Austin. And please follow me at TK Kirkland like the water at Costco's. K-I-R-K-A. Nica. Some of y'all can't spell. There you go. Well it The Breakfast. Club is TK Kirkland. Mr. Nbe. Mr. Charlamagne. The Breakfast. Club.


Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. It's time for pass the a Ny Yeah. DJ come spin that. Come spin. What up Nyla? What's up guys? Big Nyla. How y'all feeling? Blessed Black and highly favored. How are you? Love that. That tan is serious. Listen, we was on, we was in Anguilla last week. I know. I Know You. know what I mean? Soaking up the sun. Love it. All right, speaking of soaking up the sun, I'm gonna get into our first record of the day.


It's a new joint by Anesia featuring Emotional Oranges. And it's called Hot Outside Maybe. I like that. I like that a lot. I could clean up my house. Do my homework today. Yeah, I I do think it's a little too hot to be doing love making songs though. I don't wanna think about no two bodies rubbing together when it's so hot outside and If you gonna do a song about it being hot outside. You gotta talk about people being musty. Oh my God. But other than that record is great. Yo, what is your obsession with hygiene with I, I don't Know. You know what y'all like smelling people. I don't like smelling people. Oh, okay. But I feel like I don't even be noticing scent as much as you do. That's not true. You got A strong, he Looking for people to smell yo. He do No smell just, it just hits us.


Like why would you come around us like that? That's the Question. Well, it's hot outside. Make sure you guys tap into an's new joint. It's Fire. Next I'm gonna get into a joint off of Capella Grate by Responsibly called Be Chester. I feel like something I've heard before. Yeah. By Capella Gray actually. Is that the same They sound Yeah, the same tone Used First. Same tool as The other one. Oh, as Galles you're saying? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. It sounds similar to Galles, but it's sampled. Speaker Knockers. Oh the D. So that wasn't a Capella gr just now? No, it's Capella Gray, but he sampled Speaker Knockers instead of like that thing up. Got you. Yeah. Okay. Shout to Capella girl. Nonetheless, the tape is fire. Definitely tap in.


It's not all party vibes like that one dope features. Some of the best verses I've heard from a lot of New York City artists. I do like that. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So definitely tap in. Okay, next I'm gonna go bossman, dlo and Lil Babies. pj, what y'all think? He Ain't gonna pay. They rent, he Pay ring. It's dope. Sounds Similar to the other one, but I like Lil Baby and Bossman. Yeah man, y'all think everything sounds similar today? It Dude, who fault is that after the artist? The production sound the same. It sounds So Who is that? We just listen to That Was Bossman Manilo Boss. Manilo And Lil Baby. Lil. Okay, okay. Got you, got you, got you, got you. It feels good To hear Lil Baby again though. Like I feel like I haven't heard him in a while, so Yeah, no, yeah, it, it does feel good.


He's back outside but okay. And then last but not least is Common and Pete Rock just dropped the album. You Didn't, you didn't even, you said that your age demo don't care about them. Oh my God. You Know you can't say nothing behind the scenes. Nothing. She just said that. She Literally said that's not what I said. She did not. Well that, that's not what I meant by it anyway. What? Shut. Damn. Alright. But no Common and Pete Rock just dropped the album. I actually went to the album listening and there's people my age there, by the way. Anyway, nonetheless, the first record, the whole album is good. But I'm gonna go with dreaming. Us Old heads with salt and pepper bids and You. know those of us that gotta get You know colonoscopies, You know we're old enough to get colonoscopies.


My, we understand that Pete Rock and Common is a combination that can't miss. That's, that is a very, that's dope. Very dope combination. Very, very Hip hop. Pete Rock and one of the best producers ever. And yes, especially with the boom Bab sound from the Bronx. And Common, of course, it's one of the best lyricists ever. It sound effortless like a, like a nice age bottle of wine. Yeah, that's a good script. Yeah, It sounds definitely like something from back in the day. Damn. I mean, not necessarily back in the day. Just sounds smooth, fresh. It sounds vintage like it sounds vintage Like back in the day. Vintage. When you say vintage, Did we say vintage or just, just sound like hip hop? Sounds like hip hop Hop. It sounds like hip, hip, hip hop from back in the day. Well, You know what because just played Low Baby and Boss Me Dlo.


Right. That's hiphop too though. And that's hip hop. And then we played Common and P Rock also, which is hip hop. It's also hip hop. So it's just, it's a different style. It's, it's more Boom B they call it. Its urban Adult Contemporary Hip hop. And. I think that we should start putting things in those categories. Why? You gotta be in that if I like that too. You don't. You literally said before we started that nobody my age. I said nobody my age group cares. But she said she liked it. I went to the album listening party. She said she liked it. I'm never gonna listen to Boss Smith Dlo and Lil Baby in my free time. I just play that at the parties. Gotcha. I listen to Common And I. Listen to Pete Rock. So that's why I'm like, I don't know. So is Bossman Dlo and Lil Baby you Don't Care About? Not Common and Pete Rock. Damn. Which one? They both dope. Different. Different. I said in my free time, that's for the men.


I play Bossman Dilo and Lil Baby. All the men turn up. It don't turn me up. Got you. Meg Glow Cardi. They turn me Common. Pete Rock, common Pete Rock. Don't really turn me up. But that's just what I like to listen to anyway. Anyway. Anyway. All right. All right. Salute the comedy P Rock though. Let's do some church notes. Why y'all always trying to jam me up in here first with the 42 Doug interview talking about, anyway You should know. That's your partner right there. You should know whatever you say behind the scenes. See your partner. He gonna put on Air Big Mouth. Alright, make sure you guys follow me on Instagram at Nyla Simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. I'm having an event next Friday with Queen Rhapsody. She's gonna be gracing the stage doing some joints off her new project.


Please don't cry. If, you guys haven't listened. Definitely. Listen, probably the best album to drop so far this year. So Ooh, That's a big statement. Yeah. Yeah. I'm standing on that. The best album to drop so far this year. So pull up on us rss, VP, everything's on Instagram. And then definitely tap into the certified Vibe. Playlist available. Oh, and I'm sorry, we're also gonna be sponsored by Team Hennessy. Shout out to Ivy Rivera and Flagger. Nice Big Ivy. So I'm super excited with a fly. So drink for me y'all. All right. All right, well thank you Nala. No problem. When we come back, You know we throw it back on a Friday. So let me know what you want to hear. Okay. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Nasty. Why you smiling? Smile. Start smiling your face.


Face His face. No, that gets me every time when Vy be like, yo y. Y'all know we throw it back. We Throw It back on the Friday. Okay. Gets me every, you can't do it. Put your back in you it. He been yelling something in the hall all morning long. We can't say it on air, but he's really kinky this morning. What? I don't know what he talking about. You'll hear him in a second. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Salute to everybody out in Chicago. I'm heading to Chicago tonight, so I will see y'all in Chicago in the shine in a little bit. Where You at? In Chicago? The Piazza. Okay.


Like You know what that is? No, you just didn't say so it just like you tell me you going to Chicago? I'm like, help me. Where you gonna be at? He didn't say He knows like, oh, I've Been there. Don't even go outside. You Didn't say. Everybody in Chicago, I'll be there just hanging out You. know what I mean? Okay. To be out on the south side. Alright. Okay. Definitely not gonna be on the south side. I'm gonna be, anyway. Please be careful. Yeah. I'm gonna be out Chicago tonight. Scrap. I think Scrappy's gonna be with me tonight too. So I'll be in. Please be careful. I'll be in Tampa. I'll be in Tampa tonight. Seventh Grove. I'll be there from seven to 8:00 PM with the Urban League of Hillsborough County. Talking about my new book, get Honest or Die Line, why Small Talk Sucks, which is available everywhere you buy books now.


Salute to 95 7 to Beat. That's where you can hear The, Breakfast, Club in Tampa. Yes. And I'll be there tonight at Seven Grove. Seven to 8:00 PM So see you out there. That's what's up. And then July 26th, 27th, that's a Friday. And Saturday I will be in Raleigh, North Carolina at the Raleigh Improv. Y'all get y'all tickets@justhilariousofficial.com. I cannot wait to get there and yeah, get y'all tickets. Alright. All right. When we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now we got a salute, Corey Hardrick for joining us this morning. That's right. Make sure you check out Voice in the Black Him with him and Megan. Good. It's on Prime video right now.


So to The Good Brother Tyler Perry. That's another Tyler Perry production. That's right. And also comedian TK Kirkland. My guy, my one of my OGs, TK Kirkland. He's performing at the Stress Factory in New Brunswick, New Jersey tonight and tomorrow. That's right. And yo, I want to tell people, man, I dropped a new series today. I launched a new series today. It's called Outta Context with Charlemagne the God. It's on my YouTube page. My YouTube is Cedar God, C-T-H-A-G-O-D. And the first guest is the Icon Living LL Cool J You know LL is celebrating 40 years in the game this year. Def Jam is celebrating 40 years in the game this year. So we talk about a plethora of things You know that have happened throughout his 40 years in hip hop.


You know He, he addresses You know the So-called Friction with Jay-Z. He talks about the legacy of Def Jam, the legacy of You know Russell Simmons. He talks about You know, learning how to rap again. Lot of good stuff man. So go check it out on my YouTube page, which is C to God, C-T-H-A-G-O-D. It's called Outta Context with Charlemagne to God. So check that out and thank you in advance. Alright, well it's time to get up outta here. You got a positive note for the people I do and as good as the weekend You. know what I'm saying? Even though we just came back from vacation, You know a lot of people still need a little break, man. And always remember when your mental health isn't in the best state, give yourself a break, all right? Don't feel guilty for things you can't do. 'cause a lot of times normal things like eating, sleeping, socializing, it may be difficult.


It's okay to go through that struggle. Rest this weekend. All right, recover this weekend. And most importantly, be kind to yourself and know that whatever you're going through, the bad times, they're temporary. See you on Monday, breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all Dust@public.com. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss.


Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more. MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers. Step into The, World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna Make him an offer he can't refuse With family.


Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you Want to get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowing world of the Godfather Slot Someday I will call upon you to do a service for Me. Play the Godfather now@choacasino.com. Welcome To the family Vtw group. No purchase necessary. Avoid word prohibited by loss, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus During the summer when the weather gets hot, I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or alone on your cap. With the AC blasting at T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or stream your favorite show episode after episode.


So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G. At Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you. Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel Core Ultra processors.