
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny, seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Ugh. Spam calls Sound familiar. Introducing line two. Get a second phone number right on your existing phone. Imagine discounts appointments, online forms. Handle it all without giving out your personal number. It's like having a secret weapon against spam. And when those unwanted calls sneak through, boom. Blocked. No more interruptions. No more stress. Stay connected. Stay protected. Keep your main number safe and out of harm's way. Ready to take back your phone. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today.


Good morning, us a yo Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just Hilarious is out. What up Charlamagne? Peace to the planet is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Absolutely, Man. This it is, it feels so good to, for the temperature to start changing, it'd be a little warmer. It feels better. I hope. I hope for everybody's just enjoying the weather. If it's warm, where you at? I think it's warm. Pretty much everywhere. Yeah. But hope They're enjoying the weather. Just make sure you got on the right deodorant. Don't get caught lacking. Okay. I told y'all last week I got caught lacking a little bit. I ain't smelled musty in years. You didn't wear the Deodorant?


Yeah, I had deodorant on. That's my point. I took. So you wore deodorant and you were still Musky. Musty. Yes. I had a little musk, but I took that crew neck off And I was like, whoa, what is that? So I want all of y'all out there to be prepared, but let's talk about other things, man. When in the hell did the Mega Millions ticket go up to $5? Okay. You can't even afford, you can't even afford to hope anymore. We can't even afford to hope no more in this country. What Was the Mega Millions before? Was it $2? It was $2. $2 a ticket. I, listen, I'm old enough to remember when it was a dollar. Okay. Then it went up to $2. Now it, it jumped to a whole $5. But what's the winnings? You usually only play when it's like a billion or hundred. It don't even matter. I, I play all the time.


I'm playing all the time. Play all the time. For the, since it, from the existence, from the beginning of the Powerball and the Mega Millions, I went into the store to buy five Mega millions tickets. And she was like $25. $25. Wow. What you mean $25 to cost me $20 just to buy five Powerball. Five mega million. That's what UNC want. Unc want five mega five mega million get five Powerball. She told me that it was $25 for five Mega millions tickets. 'cause the ticket prices went up to $5. You can't even afford to wish no more. Yeah. You know what's so crazy? When you start getting older, you start doing old things Like that is an old my dad thing. I remember my dad going to the store be like, I remember when this was only a dollar.


Now it's $2. I, I just Wanted Tim, why? That's, that's not an old thing. That's an economy capitalism thing because everybody's affected by that. Regardless of age. You idiot. No, But nobody complains about it. But older people like you. What Whatcha you talking about though? You, you tell me that. I never heard nobody talk about the power ball Like that. People complain about the price of things going up. Y they do. Oh, Absolutely. Absolutely. And the power and the Mega million is yet another thing that has gone up in our country that people shall complain about. If you are a regular Mega Millions player like I am, I two to $5 at Nine, Five tickets, $25. Do you know what type of increase that is? I can't even afford to hope. I can't even afford to wish to play the Mega Millions now. Nah, I don't be playing like that. Have you ever won?


Yes. I win all the time. How Much you win? What's the most, Most I win was a hundred dollars. How much do you think you spent Mr. I play all the Time. I spent Emini here. I've been playing it for years. Like literally for years, since the Powerball came to South Carolina, whatever that was eons ago. So A couple thousand dollars you would say? Sure. But you know what? It's, it's about the, it's about the hope. Okay? It's about the wi, the wishful thinking. That's all the lottery is. You go to the store and you're like, man, I'm gonna play this lottery with the hopes of winning. Now you can't even afford to hope $25. I can't do it. But that decreases my chances 'cause I can only probably afford to buy one or two tickets. You're not spending no more than $10 Rie. Okay. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news.


Morgan will be joining us. The Philadelphia Eagles went to go see Donald Trump yesterday. She'll break that all down. And then of course we got some sports for you. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news now in sports. The Cavaliers beat the heat by 55 last night. 1 38 to 83, they send the heat home. They won that series four nothing. And also the Warriors beat the Rockets. 1 0 9, 1 0 6. They lead the Series three one. And that series is very chippy boy. They, they are are two seconds away from just, just straight up and down brawling. But great, great, great games.


Let's play all basketball. That's what we love to see. I'm glad to see the NBA being physical. I liked the game other night between Detroit and the Oh, that was a great game with it. They was physical. They were physical. Played warriors and rockets were physical. I like it. That's what playoff basketball is about. What's Up Morgan? Hey Y Hey, good morning and happy Tuesday everybody. How you feeling? Blessed Black and highly favored. How are you Morgan? I'm doing well, thank you. Let's keep in line with sports, but let's make it political. Right. So President Trump, he honored the Philadelphia Eagles at, on the South lawn of the White House yesterday following their Super Bowl championship Win. Now, Eagles quarterback, Jalen Hurtz was among some players who did not attend the ceremony due to scheduling conflicts. But that didn't stop the president from honoring the team.


Let's take a listen to President Trump speaking at the ceremony. That was a special day. That was a big one. But the Eagles have turned out to be an incredible team. An incredible group with a fantastic coach and coaches. And having you at the White House is very, very special and important. And we appreciate you being here. So President Trump also shined a spotlight on the team star running back. Saquon Par Barkley the two had the opportunity to play golf over the weekend ahead of this visit. And Barkley also rode with the president on Air Force One. Now the president joked kind of tongue in cheek saying that he offered a Saquon Barkley a ride on Air Force one.


And usually people are like, oh, no, no, no, that's okay. But Barkley was like, yeah. So let's take a listen to President Trump honoring Saan Sequan Barkley. The season started off slow, but you soon caught fire with your great coach inspiring you and you got the ball to your superstar running back. Who I met yesterday. And I want to tell you he is, he's a handsome guy, but I wouldn't want to tackle him. Saquon Barkley. Where's Saquon? Did he Just say he wouldn't wanna sleep with him? No, He said tackle him. Tackle him. Tackle Him. What does that mean? He's a handsome guy, but I wouldn't wanna tackle him. Just 'cause he is handsome doesn't mean I don't wanna tackle him. I don't wanna sleep with him. You know? But he is handsome.


He said tackle him as football. Right? Carla Main. Okay. What would he be, Be tackling him for? He's not a football player. Read between the lines. Who's Wrong with you man? Going, If I was the Eagles, I wouldn't have win. Simply because Trump was rooting for the Chiefs. Forget all the Pol politics and all that. You was rooting for the Chiefs heavy. Okay. Heavy. Yeah. He was rooting for the Chiefs. But you know, some of the players wanted to go Emini here, it's still a a, a opportunity to meet the president. So it Yeah, absolutely. In fact, that's what Sequan was saying. He pushed back over on the criticism he received for playing golf with Trump over the weekend in a social media post. He said quote, maybe he just respects the office. Not a hard concept to understand.


Now, AJ Brown, Devonte Smith, Jalen Carter, Jordan Davis, Brandon Graham, Nolan Smith, and Zach Bron Bond also had a scheduling conflict. So they did not attend the ceremony. Moving on, the real, the White House is signaling that it is not extending the real ID deadlines. Remember I told you guys about that about a month ago. Real id, you gotta be real ID compliant. So get to the DMV, the MBA, the MVD, whatever they call it in your area. Get there and make sure that you have an updated id. So Kentucky lawmakers sent a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Christie Noam asking for a delay on real ID enforcement citing the potential for long lives at the DMV or what they call in Kentucky, the MVD, they call it the MVA here in Maryland.


As a result, some other states are hiring more staff and increasing DMV hours. So the Trump administration says all states will need to comply by the May 7th deadline. That's literally around the corner. May 7th is the deadline. So real ID is an enhanced security driver's license that will be needed to board any domestic airline flight. Let me repeat that. Domestic, that means stateside. That means if you going to Atlanta from Maryland, if you go into California, if you traveling in the States, you're gonna need to be real ID compliant. So it's definitely not giving, try it with this administrations, but I'm not gonna get too much into that. We'll talk well more on the other side. I wonder how that works. 'cause you know, I have my people reach out because, you know, to get the real ID and they say you can't get appointments with the DMV unless your license expires within the next three months.


Yeah, Emini here and the same thing I was gonna say with Charlemagne, I I, I don't have a real ID and, and when I, they said you have to schedule an appointment and my appointment's not until June. So is your, is your license expiring Ivy? It's not expiring but you real, but he Probably has flights between now and then, right? Yes, of course. So I can't get a real ID till June. But they're saying until that you have to carry your passport or your passport card. But I can't get one until 2027 because that's when my license expires. So my point is like what I thought you could just go to the DMV and get a real id, but they telling me no, you can't get one. They're gonna License Expire. Right. But they're gonna continue to issue them as well beyond the deadline. It's not like, you know, oh, you know, the deadline's over so you can't get another one or you won't be able to get one. They will continue to issue them beyond the deadline.


It's just a matter of that is the deadline. So if you have a flight beyond May 7th, it's gonna be a No, I understand the deadline, Morgan. What I'm saying is I want to get a real ID right now, but they're saying I can't because my life, they say you gotta, they, unless your license expires within the next three months, so I can't get one for two years. Well no. They told me I, I just had to make an appointment. I just made an appointment and they made me an appointment for June And I can do it. But the problem with it is like what Charlemagne said, if I'm traveling May 8th and my appointment's in June, what the hell am I gonna do? Well you Carry your passport, You have passport. If you have a passport, a lot of people don't have passports. Right, right. Absolutely. Which is exactly why the Kentucky lawmakers are asking for that delay. But yeah, we'll get more into what's going on with Trump Hits.


He's, it's his first 100 days in office and he also signed executive orders on immigration. So stick around for more front page news at seven. And I would also say this to people that's trying to get a real id, they have these centers where you can actually walk up and do it. It, it's not at the DMV. So when I went to the International Car Show, you know the car show was in, in every state. They had places where you can just walk up to the booth and they'll do it right then and there. They just don't have it in Jersey. So I wasn't able to do it. But New York, they have it for New York. I know, I think they have it for Georgia. They have it for a lot of different places. So definitely call and ask but I just can't do it till June. So we'll see what happens. May 8th when I gotta travel. But thank you. That is front page news. Now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake Up whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Keisha. Hey Keisha. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Good morning. I wanna holler at Charlamagne about the Black Effect Podcast. Please Keisha, what's happening? Charlamagne, I got some positive things to say to you this morning. Okay, what's happening? Talk to me. Well this is my third year attending and it was amazing.


I just wanna put that out there. Thank you. Anybody who has not attended, they need to attend. It is a great event for networking. My daughter And I have a podcast called The Loose Lips and Liquor, Loose Lip, lips and Liquor. Oh, I remember y'all. I met, I think I met y'all one year. Loose Lips and Liquor. I remember that name. No, You haven't met yet. That's the problem. Oh, okay. I feel like I know that name though. Loose Lips and Liquor. Well, we want you to know their name, but it, it's a really great event and everybody was so welcoming. Everybody was coming up to each other. We were doing interviews, people were running us down to interview them. It is just really a great event. It's something that everybody needs to take part of if they can. If you're interested in podcast, it's really a great event.


So I I'm glad you had a great time and thank you to you and your daughter for, for pulling up three years in a row. And also I wanna shout out to Lauren. Hey, I have some gifts for you Charlamagne And I got them. Are you the lady out? Lauren? You the lady at when I was sitting down behind me? Yes. Got you. Okay. And I put my $700 camera in that bag. And you got your camera back didn't you? Yes. Your manager amazing. She brought the camera to my daughter at the job. So that was great. So we had some, some really good footage on there. So you gave Lauren gifts to give to me. They Ship in here. Lauren kept 'em. No I didn't. They're still in Atlanta. I saw Lauren backstage being very charitable handing people stuff. It Was that.


No I didn't, I got your gifts. It was just too much for me to pack the take on the plane. So they're shipping it to me. The same girl that brought you your camera, I did the same thing. Yes, yes. She explained it. She said it was too much to carry. Yes. But it book Charlamagne. I want you to read my books. I soon as I get in my will And I, I really do appreciate y'all man. You know that's what the Black Effect Podcast Festival is, you know, you know, I feel like nowadays we need, we need community more than ever and we need to create safe spaces for each other. And that's what I feel like the Black Effect Podcast Festival is just a, a safe space for a few hours. We just get to be free and have some fun. It feels like a family reunion. Yes ma'am. It definitely does. I'm hundred percent We Don't even know each other at all. No, we do. We all cousins Are already family or something.


That's right. That's right. Thank you very much Keisha. Keisha Luther, y'all please check us Out Lips and Liquor Podcast. Thank you Keisha. I really loose lips and liquor. Loose lips and liquor. Alright. Loose lips and liquor. They Like UER. Alright, thank Keisha. That that's, that's a studs dream. That's how studs get it done. Okay. That's how those lips get loose with the liquor. Get it Off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent and hit us up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get It off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Chuck from ct. What's up Chuck? Get it off of your chest. What's going on Envy? What's going on Shelby Man V's. King, how you, Everything good. I got a question about the real id. Right. So here in Connecticut we still gotta make the appointment and everything. But at the, at the DMV they give you a print, a paper paper to use until your new one comes in the mail. I wanna know if, can we fly with that paper printout? I'm not sure but probably not. 'cause it doesn't have your picture on it. That's the whole idea is to have a, a picture On it. Don't have everything on. They got your picture. It got the barcode on it. But it's, that's what you use until your physical card comes in the mail. Well If they, if they giving you that to use until your physical car comes in the mail, I'm sure you can fly with it.


What other reason would you be having it? I would check just in case. Because real idea is for driving too. I Tried to check, You know what Emini here it's for driving The airline. The airline said I gotta call TSAI couldn't get in touch with TSA so I'm like I don't know what to do. Yeah 'cause Emini here usually it's for driving 'cause you think about it, you if you're driving without a nice license, like a pic, an actual picture license, you can use that paper if you get pulled over. I don't know about flying. Right. That's what I said. I don't know A TSA gonna accept that. You know they they different. But if you are flying they say you can use your US passport, your US passport card, US Department of Homeland Security Card, US Department of Defense id, permanent resident card border crossing card.


An acceptable photo ID issued by a federally recognized this is Tribal Nation Foreign Government issued passport. A Canadian preventional driver's license at a US Citizen Citizenship and Immigration Services card. I don't even know what you said. I don't know majority of what you just said Me. All I know is US Passport and US passport account. Those are the ones I know. I have no idea that whatcha you reading. I have no idea what you just, I do not know 90% of what you just said. But that's what the TSA website are the things that you would need to have if you don't have a real id. How is that gonna impact Clear too? What about us clear members? How's that gonna impact Cliff In Atlanta there was three lines. It was TSA pre-checked clear with real ID and then it You gotta have real ID with clear.


Well it was moving faster really. It was clear with real ID and it was clear with the real ID and something else because I remember I wrote it down 'cause I was like I didn't get This. The digital's usually the fastest market Out. Find out about that paper print or something man. We'll ask. We'll put Morgan on It. Well I'm gonna tell you what if I can't use my, that's one less bill paying every year. Goddammit. Well Clear free. You gotta American Express the American Express page. You, you're clear. It does if you American Express. Well, yes sir. I Didn't know that. Absolutely. Ooh, Some people didn't Know about that benefit. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's going on? It's Cameron. What's up brother? Get it off your chest. I just wanted to say, I Just say good morning. First off, DJ Envy Charlemagne and God, what's up?


That's hilarious. What's up? Good morning, brother Man. I just wanted to say everybody out there, just keep your head up. Do all the hard times. I'm a truck driver so you know, I keep up with everything political wise, but that's really it. Single dad hustling. Hey yo King. You know, I was just telling them, I was just telling them behind the scenes how the, the trucking industry is gonna be impacted because you know, the, the tariffs have already hit. So the container ship departures from China to the US are gonna be slowing down by early to mid May. The the container ship, the US porch is gonna come to a stop. And then by mid to late May, the trucking demand is gonna come to a halt.


And then that's when you're gonna have empty shelves and lower sales for companies. Absolutely. And then by, by late May, early June, it's gonna be layoffs in the trucking industry. Yeah, I know man. My pops he been in the industry for years, man. So it's like, you know, it it, it is crazy out here bro. And you know, I just wish everybody peace, peace and blessings man. Bro. I'm telling you, we gonna need community more than ever. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm telling everybody right now to start stocking up. But you know we gonna need community 'cause you might need to go over to your neighbor's house for a couple of sugar. Like it's gonna be like that. I'm telling you right now. Y'all think it's the game. It's gonna be like that. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up. Now we got the latest with Lori coming up.


We do Beyonc kicked off the cowboy car tour. They was playing with her about them ticket sales. But I think it's on the up and up. We gonna talk about it. All Right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fast. She gets from somebody that knows somebody some, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She'd be having the latest on you. The latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of Everything. Well what's the latest On The Breakfast Club?


Talk to me. So last night Beyonc kicked off her Cowboy Carter tour in LA at SoFi Stadium. There have been a a lot of conversations around the Beyonc tickets because reports were that they were not selling the way that they typically would sell and how they should sell for this to be such a big tour. When the show kicked off in LA last night, there was reportedly still 3,800 seats available and resale prices dropped $20 and with just hours left, there were reports that ticket masters were still selling seats from $47 to $331. But there were crazy resale prices online as well too, which is insane 'cause there were tickets left but people were selling tickets for insane amounts of money.


The show went down however, and lemme tell y'all Beyonc is Beyonc, but that Blue Ivy did y'all watch the videos I sent y'all m listen, blue Ivy is the one, she is a superstar. So y'all remember when Beyonc went on her last tour? Blue Ivy was dancing on, on stage during some of the sets and people were, they were all worried about critiquing her dancing. Like how good she was. How good. She wasn't like she's not a kid. Lemme tell y'all something, baby girl came back not to play. She comes out to a several sets including deja vu. And when I tell you she steals the show, she is so, so good. Rumi Beyonce's baby girl also came out on stage and was a part of the show last night.


And yeah, the girls are saying if the if tickets are available, go and get them because the show was amazing. Listen, People preparing for a recession this summer, that's why those tickets still available. Okay? People can't afford to go, don't let the internet fool you folks is hurting out here. They may not wanna show you on social media, but in real life they will have no choice. Yeah, enough you can, you can't front in real life, you might get front on the internet, but you can't front in real life. Okay? Mega million is $5 now Go ahead Emini here. What you about to say? I was gonna say, I I, it's so funny when people say she didn't sell out, but she's doing what, 32, 34 shows and out of those 32, 34 shows, a majority of 'em are sold out. Like that's huge right now. Especially for what we are going through. So a Hundred percent like Stop It.


I think I think any type, even even when her, her, when her shows do sell out, people just have such a big conversation about the ticket prices. But I will say in a lot of the reports that I saw about the ticket prices, everybody kept saying they're unclear why it isn't selling. And that's, it's exactly what, to me, what Charlemagne is saying. People ain't got no money. Exactly what talking about and they letting you know on X they like, yo, is there a way, a way we could carpool these tickets? Like people wanna go but they really can't afford to go. Yeah. So shout out to Beyonc and her opening night. Some of the, it Would be dope for her to get Emini here. I don't know if it's up to her, but you know, for them to give away the remaining inventory just because of the current economic situation that we're in. 'cause there is a lot of people forecasting that we will be in a recession, you know, by the, by this summer a lot of federal workers have lost their jobs and you know more of that is to come because of these tasks.


So it would be cool just to give away the remaining inventory just because you know, people are hurting out here. Well I wonder if she did a deal with Live Nation and Live Nation controls those tickets. You know what, Emini here.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ugh, spam calls. Sound familiar. Introducing line two, get a second phone number right on your existing phone. Imagine discounts, appointments, online forms. Handle it all without giving out your personal number. It's like having a secret weapon against spam. And when those unwanted calls sneak through, boom. Blocked. No more interruptions, no more stress. Stay connected. Stay protected. Keep your main number safe and out of harm's way. Ready to take back your phone. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today.


Yoki EZ is, it's your boy Bohan And I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go. Go.


'cause they probably paid her a certain amount of money, so I don't know if they actually can, but like you said, lowering ticket prices will help all the artists on summer along. Just giving them some away free for your super for super fans. I will say though, people are on online complaining about tickets, sell prices, and there's still a lot of lower and like cheaper tickets that you can purchase. I don't know why people skip over that, but you can purchase the cheaper ticket. Mega Millions is $5 a ticket now. Okay, we heard you okay on Yes. And I and, and yesterday too. I wanted to say the theme on stage for Beyonc was never ask permission for something that you, that already belongs to you. Which leans into her coming into the Cowboy Carter space, the country music space, and taking what is rightfully hers.


And she showed images of some of the black country music singers and, and, and people who play like the different instruments and all those things. So yeah, making sure I edit that in there. Now another right turn here, Diddy. Now Diddy has a new defense. We talked about this yesterday, but, but Puff has a new defense right now that I, I think is pretty interesting. So he, what did He say? Never ask permission for taking things. Stop. What'd he say? I didn't even think about how those was kind of related. No, so what he's saying is that he, he he was not in control of his mental capacity, so there's no way he could have committed those crimes. Insanity, yes. Good defense. No it's not.


When All those fails just play dumb. I was crazy. I'm retarded. Janna, You're not supposed to say that word. So Diddy is saying that he lacked mental capacity to commit crimes. Now here's what, what is happening? So his team is saying, look, I know that y'all are legend, that there were these crazy parties and these crazy acts that went down and all these people were saying that they were drugged and there were, there were drinks that were given to him or whatever. But our client also may have been under the influence of something that allowed him to not control his actions now. And the documents that were obtained by T-M-Z-T-M-Z reported this exclusively. And the documents that were obtained, they don't, they they redact what his mental issue was that messed with his capacity.


But in other lines they talk about things that have to do with like drinking and alcohol. So it's you putting two two together here. But you know why that's not a good defense? Because you still made a choice to do those drugs. You still made a choice to drink that alcohol. You still made a choice to do those things. So you still, and And numerous times, yeah. It's not like it's a one shot and done, right? That's right. So you still have to be responsible for your actions under, you know, under the influence. You don't get in the car drunk and then wreck and kill somebody and you know, they let you off just 'cause you was drunk. No, you made the choice to drink. You made the choice to drink and drive. And also too, it's not Emini here, just legally speaking, prosecutors are shooting back on this. And this is how you know, the reporters know that drugs and alcohol are part of the conversation of what Diddy's claiming is because prosecutors responded in the document and they said, listen, there's rules that say you gotta let us know that y'all are gonna be trying to claim that the evidence of of drugs and alcohol as an effect to you or what you're about to lean on you.


You guys didn't do that in enough time. So you can't tell us that it was drugs and alcohol. And they also supposed to be bringing this doctor or have this doctor in conversation that's supposed to be testifying to what Diddy's team is claiming. And prosecutors are like, he ain't never even examined him. The drug and alcohol defense is also a terrible defense. When you have people who are saying, yes, you drugged me and you, you know, get me alcoholic drinks and you know what Emini here like, like all of that. You're, you're kind of, you know, what's the word? Us validating their point Or deflecting, not Even deflecting. You're validating what they said about you. If somebody, if you said, hey he he drugged me, oh he gave me drugs and you know It was already there. Yes. So you're saying, oh yeah, I was taking those same drugs And I was on that alcohol too.


So I was out of it. Yes, we were all out of it together. I just think it's horrible too. And it's really vague because if you saying you was in this drug allegedly drug or alcohol induced haze or whatever, you don't know what happened. It's very true. That's a big gray area for an attorney to lean in on. So as the defenses fall, we will continue to cover them. Alright, well thank you. That is the latest with Lauren. Let me ask you, y'all one question back to the Beyonc thing. Do you think the fact that it's a quote unquote country album and it's it's more of a on a country tip that a lot of people are not buying tickets? No, because she's doing way more than that. Like she, I said Blue Ivy came out the deja vu. She's doing a ton of other songs and Cowboy Carter Grammy nominated Grammy You mean album Grammy Year? Grammy. So one yes, sorry one, but like it was a big, it was a big moment, right?


Like it introduced a lot of people to country music. The the girls is bowed down for Beyonc Are simply broke. We and and the country going to get broke. They talking about a recession is something, but people just simply don't have money. Now I keep telling y'all, social media will fool you and you think everybody got it, but reality is about to set in. You can't fake in real life. You might can fake on social media but you can't fake in real life. Yeah, she does diva, she does thick. She does like I'm that girl co like Alana. Yeah, no I know that but I know the theme is is the country album. That's why I was asking. All right, well that is the latest with Lauren. When we come back, Morgan will be joining us with Front page news. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy Jess Hilarious Charlemagne the guide. We are The Breakfast Club Long the of filling ending for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Now, NBA playoffs last night the Cavaliers beat the heat. 1 38 to 83, beat 'em by 55. Heat is up outta here and the Warriors beat the Rockets. 1 0 9, 1 0 6. They lead that series three one. What's up Morgan? Yeah, yeah. What's up? That was crazy, that sweep. Anyways, let's get into this presidential news. You know, it's officially President Trump's 100th day in office and he's marking the occasion with a rally today in Michigan at the Macomb Community College just north of Detroit. What up though? He is expected to speak about his work on the border, which brings me to my next point.


Yesterday he signed multiple executive orders related to immigration. One of the orders mandates truck drivers to be proficient in English, another order to crack down on sanctuary jurisdiction. And that order calls for a list of identifying such sanctuary jurisdictions that obstruct the enforcement of federal immigration laws within 30 days. Now the White House is focusing on President Trump's immigration crackdown during the first 100 days of his second administration. It's the first of several days meant to showcase Trump's sweeping agenda. Meanwhile, during a White House briefing yesterday border are Tom Holman addressed the US citizen children who were deported with their mothers and he had a message for those who remain in the country illegally who have us citizen children.


Let's take a listen to border Zara, Tom Holman. If you choose to have a US citizen child knowing you're in this country illegally, you put yourself in that position, you put your family in that position. What we did is remove children with their mothers who requested the children depart with them. This is a parental decision. The law clearly says if you arrive at our border without proper documentation, you shall be detained. Not, maybe not think about it shall and that's what President Trump's doing. Catch and release is over. He says catch and release is over. Yeah, I think I do think when the media has that conversation, we can't rage bait though because you know, every time they say it, they'll be like, oh, a 2-year-old got deported, A 3-year-old got deported. But they're not telling the whole story of their parent was here illegally and so the parent got deported and so they sent the child with em.


'cause when I hear it, I'm like, why the hell would they deport a 2-year-old? Why would they deport some child with cancer? But then there's a whole other story that that goes with it. The only reason I think that, you know, media should be completely honest and tell the whole totality of the story is because that's when people, you know, label things fake news. But I would, I would ask, are the kids forced to leave? Right? So if the kid has a a, a family member that's here legally, or you making the kid leave because the parent's leaving, or could the kid stay with his grandparents? Or could a kid stay with his father? Or could a kid stay with his uncle? That's the only thing. 'cause they're saying those kids are forced to leave regardless with moms Emini here. What parent No, what what parent would want that though? What parent would your parent, you want your child, A lot of parents would want their child to stay here instead of going back. A lot of parents would. Absolutely. Positively, yeah.


And that's essentially what the borders are. Was saying Tom Holman, he was saying that, you know, the mothers who wanted to take their children with them, that's their call. They're gonna take their children with them. But if you decide that if your child is a US citizen, you know, they can remain here with a family member who is also probably a US citizen. That's essentially what's happening in that rega in that regard. In that case, white House Press Secretary Caroline Levitt also addressed the efforts or lack thereof to return kil Ma Abrego Garcia to the US after he was mistakenly deported to El Salvador. Remember the Supreme Court ordered that the administration facilitate his return. But here's what she had to say in regards to that case. That is His home country. That is where he belongs. And the administration intends to comply with what President p Kelly said of El Salvador.


He does not intend to send that individual Back. Yeah, so I I completely forgot about him And That was just last No, I'm not, not they flood the zone so much with so much information. Like I completely forgot about him. I I'm already thinking about now it's about the little kid who got deported and the kid with kids who got deported. I completely forgot about him. Yeah, see it's, it just, it tends to pile up, but, you know, I'm not gonna get too much into that. Let's switch gears. President Trump is fresh off a meeting with House Speaker Mike Johnson to discuss pushing forward budget legislation. Now, last week Johnson said the house is pushing to get the spending bill approved by Memorial Day. Some of the issues that Republicans remain at odds over include potential cuts to Medicaid spending, tax cuts and military spending.


The GOP legislation is currently in various committees that will create drafts before the budget committee combines them into the one large package that, you know, president Trump likes for the Senate and house to vote on. Johnson said that Trump was in good spirits in regards to those talks. And my last story, everybody likes apple juice, right? You know, we all love to a good tall glass, cold glass of apple juice. Well, careful drinking that Martinelli's and company apple juice right there. Over 7,000 cases of apple juice are being recalled. S Martinelli and Company says some of its apple juice has been contaminated by patchin, a toxic substance that is created by mold. Now the recall affects more than 173,000 bottles of apple juice distributed across 28 states.


Wow. Now the FD the FDA says the exposure to the substance could cause adverse health consequences. And The World Health Organization also says Patchin is a poisonous substance found in rotting apples and could cause nausea and vomiting. So be careful drinking that apple juice. Yeah. So that pretty much wraps up that apple juice always having issues that's like, it's so crazy because people say it's the best one and it's like, ooh. Well now you gotta be careful. Not only do you gotta be careful about you know, what all, all of what's going on in The World, but now you gotta be careful. Well you still gotta be careful about what you put in your body too. So there's that. But that's your front page news, y'all. Y'all follow me on socials at Morgan Media, M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A and for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network, download that free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com.


Thank you. Have a great day. All right, Thank you Morgan. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. UNC was ing this morning. First of all, sounded like Madea. Y'all not gonna make me believe that I'm the only person that cares. The Mega Millions is $5 down. Now I've been playing the Powerball and the Mega Millions for as long as they been power balling the mega million and okay, it used to be $2 for the Mega Millions and they jumped to $5. I went into, you know, the local corner store in my neighborhood to play my numbers. I always buy five Powerball and five Mega Millions because hey, you never know that's $10. I went into the store to buy my tickets and she said that'll be $35. I was like $35. I only order 10 tickets. She said Yes, the Mega Millions is $5.


I said The Mega Millions is $5 a ticket now. So I can't even afford the hope. I can't even afford to wish, I can't even afford the dream. That's all the lottery is, right? The lottery is just, you know, you walk in there and you hope your wish, okay, you, you, you just hoping your wish that you hit okay, now it's $5 a ticket. So I can't even afford to get my five tickets no more. I can only buy two 'cause I'm a budget, right? I'm only gonna spend $10 all right on the lottery. So I'm gonna buy, I'm gonna buy my five Powerball, right? And then I'm buy cigarettes, my Pepsi, and then I'm gonna buy my two, my two Mega millions. Lauren, that's exactly what it sounds like. My grandpop used to be like, play my number and gimme my cigarettes. My grandfather used to do that all the time in the summer. Go to the corner store.


Rich, why don't you let them people go hit the, Get my numbers All God and get my Cigarettes. So let's open up the phone lines. Are you dealing with the same thing Unc dealing with 805 8 5 1 0 5 1? I'm not a gambler. I don't be, I don't gamble like that by the way. I don't gamble in a Casino. I only play the Mega Millions when it's like close to a billion. I'm just not a Gambler. Okay? So guess what? Next time you wanna play the Mega Millions, when it's close to a billion, it's gonna be $5 a pop. Now this ain't no UNC Tivity because these are, this is the, the Powerball in Mega Millions Lottery. Everybody plays it because hey, you never know and it's literally $5 for a Mega Millions ticket. That's too much money. We gonna have to stage a protest against Mega Millions 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss. And I tell you, I'm still the same guy.


I still say 40 on number three. I don't care if the gas prices shoot up. I only putting in $40. If I'm only playing $10 for Mega Ball, I'm, if it's only two tickets, now what is mega? I only getting Two tickets. Why you combine mega tickets? Charmaine is in here already, rich, trying to play this lottery Envy. You got cars big as a house suck much. You only put $40 in your car. That's all I do. $40 on three. I am not, I make, I'm happy to be making a living. You and me both. God is good. $40 On time. What Car Envy? Which day of the week is it? It don't matter. I'm only putting 40 on three. That's a, that's all they getting from me. So that's it. Call us right now. If you are being impacted by these high Mega Millions tickets. They're $5 now. Okay Ing this morning.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Steady calling my phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren La filling in for just this morning. And if you're just joining us, we'll open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. UNC is being UNC this morning. How am I being unc? I'm just letting y'all know that the Mega Millions is now $5.


Y'all. I can't be the only person in America that cares about this. You know what I'm saying? I've been playing my numbers for years. Emini here since Powerball came to South Carolina, you know, back in the early two thousands, right? I remember when Powerball used to be a dollar and then Mega Millions came around. I don't know if Mega Millions was a dollar or if it was $2. All I know it's been $2 for years. So I go in the store And I play five Powerball, five Mega Millions. That's usually $20, okay? That's usually $20. That is a fair price to pay for a hope and a dream. I went in there the other day And I said, lemme get five Powerball. Five Megaman. She said, that'll be $35. I said, $35. Why? I said, I only want 10 tickets. She said, mega million is now $5.


I said, what? I can't even afford to wish now I can't even afford to hope. They say you play the Mega Millions in the Powerball because, hey, you never know. I can't even afford to never know. Well, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. I don't gamble like that. I don't gamble in casinos. I only play the Mega Ball or, or the Powerball or whatever. Megas. Man. It's the Mega Millions in the Powerball. Okay? You know what Emini here, the Mega Ball is what y'all used to do at Diddy parties, okay? That was, that was an extra extracurricular activity at a Diddy party. A mega ball. I don't really, I like, every once in a while when it gets close to a billion, then I'll play. But I'm not on it like that. What about you, Lauren?


No, never. Alright, well, let's go. You Don't believe in selves? See, I believe in myself. I'm the type of person that'll look at the Mega Millions number or the Powerball number and see that it's like one and whatever hundreds of millions of people win. And I'll be like, I'll be that one person. I always feel like it's a, a older person And I always feel like they live in a, in a place that I've never heard of. That's why I always, that's what they always get their ticket from a gas station. Well, guess what? I always get 'em from the gas station And I am becoming as much as much older person. I'll be 47 this year. When am I eligible to win 60? Hello? Who's this? This is Cheyenne. Cheyenne. What's up? Talk to us. I I play the Mega Millions Powerball Lotto every single day. The first time I walked in And I saw that Mega Millions was $5, I almost dropped to the floor.


I play every single day. Yeah. Have you, what? And the thing is now, now that it's $5, you not gonna play as much, which they're still gonna get their money, but then you're not gonna be able to make as much money because you can't play as many tickets as you used to talk. Said, sir, have you ever, you don't have as much hope. You can't afford hope anymore, which is crazy. Can't even afford hope. Have you ever won, sir? I have. I've won 2,500, I've won a hundred. I've won, I've won thousands. I've won a multiple times. But now it's like they're taking away those chances for you to be able to win. That's right. And So it's like, I can only afford a couple tickets. The most I've ever won is a hundred dollars. I always win like $2 $4 and I'm grateful for that.


'cause you know, it's baby steps that lets me know I'm getting close enough than that. Jackpot. Yeah, it's Fun. Oh my goodness. Absolutely. It's fun to go in there and then to say, okay, I won. I, I, maybe I play $4, but I get my $4 back. Now I play $10 and it is like, I only went $4. I lost $6. So now, you know, like I'm struggling now that's like, you know, right, I'm in a hole. So before I never felt like I was in a hole. Now I feel like I'm in a hole every time I play. And This brother is absolutely right 'cause I'm only going to spend $20 I'm gonna buy, I'm gonna still buy my my five Powerball. But now I gotta reduce my Mega millions, the only two tickets. So that's decreasing my chances of winning Mega Millions. Hello? Who's this? Yes. How you doing? My name is Stacey Adams like to shoe. Hey Stacey, Adams like the shoe.


What's up brother? Talk to us O Okay, so listen, everybody who knows me knows that I'm a lottery crackhead, so I don't care if it goes to $20 a second. I'm playing. No, I'm like, Shana, man. No, no, no, no, no. I'm dead serious. I am dead. Yo. I listen to y'all every morning. I start my day at like 4:00 AM Thank you. Because I got my own cupcake business. Yo, Charlemagne, I cannot believe I'm on the phone with y'all, but yo, when I heard about the lottery, my crackhead came. Oh, I'm sorry. My crackhead side came out. I'm like, yo, I got a call. I am on The Breakfast Club. That's crazy, Sir. Give one 20 a ticket. Oh, bro. Yes. No. So Charlemagne, I actually win a lot, actually.


Like I never win like the big highball or like the Mega Millions. But I played like the pick three, the pick four. What's the most one $23. Okay. So the most I ever won was 1008. Okay. And how much do you think you spend a week? Oh no. Oh, it's crazy. Like I said, I'm a crack head. So How much do you spend a week, man? Probably about, I feel like $30 a day. Forget the week. I feel like $30 a day. $30 a day. Which is what, five days a week you spend? He's an entrepreneur though. He got his own cupcake business. You Get, yeah, right. I got my own cupcake business. So I make that money. Yo, I wanna bring y'all some cupcakes, like, bro, I really do.


What's your Instagram? We need to see what's, what's your Instagram? Okay, got it. Okay, got it. My Instagram is Stacey, ST Hc YY Famous F-A-M-O-U-S. Cupcakes. Thank. Thank you Sir. And Stacey, Eddie, put Stacey on hold. Get his information. Let Stacey bring his cupcakes up here. I'm telling you, man, this Mega millions thing is, it's, it's a travesty that's going on in our communities right now. $5 a ticket is ridiculous. It went from $2 to $5 with no warning. At least I wasn't paying no attention. Some of y'all need to call that number. The, the 1-800-GAMBLER. If you have a problem, please call this number. That man spent $7,000 to $8,000 a year and he only won a thousand dollars.


Yeah, but the reality from multiple years With reality is what if that's his vice? Like, you know, like what if he don't sp what if he don't buy nothing else? What if he don't buy like cars or, you know, spend his what if that's what he wants to spend his money on. One 800 Gamble. I think that's the number. What's the number Lauren? Find that for us. 805. 8 5 1 0 5. What if he just joining us, UNC was so distraught this morning. Charlamagne walked in. He didn't know Powerball tickets to Price went nothing. Not The Powerball, the Mega Millions is $5, man, not the Powerball. Okay. All Right. And it's one, it is 1-800-GAMBLERS operated by the National Council. I'm gamble. I'm not gamble. I don't gamble. I don't do, I don't do the prize picks the draft kings. I don't do, I don't gamble. I don't gamble at casinos. I'm talking, telling you my gambling is limited to mega millions and Powerball tickets every day, every week.


That's what iQuestion Lord him. I don't gamble, right? I don't go casinos when you talking, but I just gamble on my lottery. When you talking to your kids about the all this, do you say you playing your numbers? Yes. You are so country Man. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with being country? You Eat fat back. No, hell not. Eating. No pork. No pork on my folk. I'm Playing 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You distraught. Like this morning, call us up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long La Rosa filling in for Jess just joining us. UNC came in this morning so upset. I listen. It is not, I, I am upset. And I, and I'm upset because you know, the Mega Millions is $5 now. It used to be two. Now I'm the type of person I play my Powerball on Mondays. I play my Mega Millions on Tuesdays. Right? What else is Powerball? Powerball is also on Saturday. I I I think Wednesday too. And Mega Millions is Thursday. All I know is I play 'em all the time. Powerball Mega Millions. And I always spend $20, I get five Powerball tickets, five Mega Millions tickets. That's $20.


You get five numbers a piece. Now Mega Millions is jumped to $5. So I can't afford to buy five mega millions tickets. I can only buy two now 'cause I'm only gonna spend $20. That's it. I cannot even afford to hope. I can't even afford to Dream. No, they got payment plans though. You could do like Klarna, if You gotta do a payment plan for a Mega Millions, a Powerball, you don't need to plan. It's like, I don't know if they got it for that, but they got it for a lot of other stuff. So maybe no, Jesus Christ, they don't have no payment plan. All you simply saying is we should be able to, we, we as a people should be afford. We should be able to afford to hope. When we get to the point where we can't even afford to wish no more. We are in some bad, bad shape as a country. But I only play lotto when I'm driving by And I see the big huge signs and it says the mega millions of Powerball is close to billion.


That's the only time I pay. Well, one thing that you've noticed, that Mega Millions number ain't as big as it used to be. Is it Right, because people ain't spending paying it because it's $5 a ticket now. 805 8 5 1 0 5. What? Who's this? Stacey? Hey Stacy, are you feeling the same as as unc? Oh, I agree with my guy Charlemagne. And my hope was high. My hope was saying hi. No moving. You see what I'm saying? And you calling from that 8, 4 3 where you be buying your tickets at? Well, at the corner store. Charlemagne at the corner store. How did you feel when you walked in and realized that it was $5 a ticket for I tell him, boy, cancel home. We can't even afford to hope no more.


We can't even afford to win. Oh man, that's crazy, man. He running out. I feel You. I I think it might be a good thing that it would've maybe stopped people from, from spending all that money. 'cause how many people do you know that hit the big one? No. No. Do you know anybody That hit The big one? No, never. But I never thought about it. Like, people look at this as like a, a thing of hope. I thought it was just something, you know, old folk, country folk do. Monday, Wednesday, Saturday is Powerball. Tuesday, Friday. It's Mega Millions. Yes. We look at it as, as, as a, as a sign of hope. 'cause I think they got the best tagline. Hey, you never know. Hello? And you never do know. Hello? Who's this Thursday? Hey, good morning. Where you calling from? Good Morning. I'm calling from Madeline. Hey Marly. Now are you feeling like uncle, you upset that they raised the price of the Powerball?


If the mega million man, I wasn't doing that mega million is five pound ball, $2, cut it out. Now you keep doing that on purpose. Listen, UNC iss not unc and he is preaching the Mega Millions used to be $1, then it went up to $2. Now it's going up to $5. Damn. Yes. Listen, I used to get my ginger ale and my ticket and still have $2 left. Oh, now I get Martinelli's, but I can't because y'all said it's poison. So that's over Right Ways. My daughter has prom this weekend. She has college, then the twins in two years got college. I Where's the new Earth or the aliens? Because I need a exit. How much did you, how much do you spend weekly on, on Powerball or mega or mega Million?


I get A ticket every week And I, I, I, I, I agreed with the $2. I was like, all right, I can do it. That's still under $5. So I would get my one mega million ticket and my one Powerball ticket. 'cause you just never know. You never, never won is right. Have you ever won? We cannot afford to dream anymore. Have you ever won Mama? No I haven't. No. I'm sure you've won little things. You've won like $2, $4. Yes, I've won like $10, $16 the highest. I've won one pound with $77. Now You gotta embrace that. Don't say you didn't win 'cause you did appreciate the little things and God will bless you with the big one. That's how Emini here.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor's State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wanna keep your personal number private but still stay connected with line two. You can get a second phone line right on your device with a super simple app and no need for another phone. Whether it's for online shopping, dating, or shielding your main number from Spam Line two is an easy way to manage it all. Ready for peace of mind without breaking the bank call, text block and more for only 9 99. Get started with line two.com/audio or download line two and any app store today. Line two. Your second line simplified


You'll keep up is it's Your Boy Bohan. And I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go Mentality.


You right, you right unc. I do appreciate it though. I just forgot. That's all I I'm on your side Here. That's right. That's right. That's right. Have a good one mama. And by the way, I'm old enough to remember when mega million Powerball was a dollar two. I've been playing Mega millions Powerball since they came to South Carolina in the early two thousands. Okay, so I remember when it was a dollar two, boy, boy, we used to be a goddamn country. You hear me? Sunflower seeds used to be 25 cents too. We could bought, I could have bought five mega five pound off of $10. God damn. It's crazy. The struggles that I remember versus what you remember, I what you mean? Because I remember sunflower seeds with 25 cents. So we're a bag of chips. You could get chips, sunflower seeds and a drink for all under a dollar. I Just remember McDonald's, the McDonald's meal used to be 2 99, 3 24 with tax that double cheeseburger with fries. That's right.


We are old, don't we? Okay, we're old. Oh, oh. Hello. Who's y'all? Hey, hey, hey. What up y'all? My name must, I'm from Detroit, Michigan. What Up? Do your name musty. Hey, Muffin. Oh Muffin my name. Oh, I About what's nickname Your name? IN What's up? That's my real name. Oh shoot. Okay. How Are you bumping? What's happening? What, what, what up Charlemagne? What's the word? What up though? Hey, what up though? I'm mad too about this Powerball in mega million, man. I actually agree with you for once Now the mega million, the the power ball didn't go up. It's the mega millions that went up now.


Yeah, it's $5 per ticket. It used to be two And I used to be able to give me like four or five tickets. That's what I, that's what This just ridiculous. I I ain't got money like that man. Listen, they, we, they talking about they're forecasting a recession this summer and we can't even afford to dream. We can't even afford to look. I just wanna get in where I finish station recession. All they want. Just let me get the mega ball power bar. I don't care what ball I'm trying to ball with some cash. That's right. I just wanna be able to afford the hope, that's all. Don't take away my hope, Mama. How, how, how much you want for?


That's my dream. Every day I tell everybody I'm gonna be a multimillionaire and then after I hit the mega million, I'm gonna turn around and hit that power bar the next day. Oh, you Gonna keep going? How, how much you want? What's the most you want, mama? I didn't want like $500. Okay, That's a good, that's a good amount. How much, how much do You spend? Yeah, I thought I was doing something. How much do you spend a week? Yeah, I thought, oh well right now because it went up, I gotta, I'm spending like $40 a week. $40 a week. Okay, so $40 a week? Yep. Because it come out twice. It come out twice a week. It come out twice a week.


Tuesday and Friday is mega millions. Monday, Wednesday, Saturday is a power ball. So you Spend $2,000 a year And I gotta play every time. I gotta play every time. Okay. I gotta question for you though. Do you pick your own numbers or do you let the machine pick four? I I used to. I used to, I used to pick my own numbers. I used to, well only two. I used to play two different numbers. I'm not gonna say what the numbers were, but you know, we all do the same thing. Kids birthdays and grandma birthday, mama birthday. So I used to do that, but then I just started doing the quick picks 'cause I was just like, you know what, whatever God got plan gonna happen. So I just started doing quick picks. Okay. So was you successful with either one? Yes. I would always hit seven. I always used to hit the Powerball seven. 'cause seven is God's number.


So I would always hit the power ball. I'd give me a couple dollars, $2. Okay. Okay. Do you play the double? Alright. No, that's too much. So serious. But can buy Mama. And now we can't, we definitely can't even afford to do, she's serious Envy. You ever been at the gas station and the people is is talking to the guy like this with all these different things they trying to buy. Buy. Yes. I be pissed off. Like y'all should have knew what y'all wanted before y'all got there. Y'all know the scratch offs? Yeah. Scratch offs. The scratch off. They be like, number 35, lemme get a Three. Oh my God, I be so mad. Your problem is you don't recognize signs. What you should have done when you was in those gas stations, you saw them playing that you should have said, you know what, maybe I should spend a little dollar or two. I don't see What It don't matter. That's a Sign. Just, just know what you want before you get in there. I'm trying to get my gas to get where I gotta go.


We Know what we want, but now we disappointed in what we want 'cause it costs $5. But mega a million Lauren baby, they be in there running it down. This What, you know what the moral of the story is. Hope is the last thing ever lost. When we have gotten to a point in this country where we can't even afford the hope, we can't even afford to wish. Oh, we in some dire times, y'all better buckle up. Oh boy. Forget the, forget the, the milk prices went up. The egg prices went up. The gas prices up. Well no, that too. Touch the mega millions. But guess What? When all of those things go up, guess what? I hope for power hit the goddamn mega million. Alright, we got the latest with Lauren coming Up. Yes we do. Well we talking about Terrance Howard and why he didn't wanna kiss a man. Damn. Well.


Alright, We're gonna talk about it. We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest. Lord, I hear you. I can hear this residual song playing too much this morning Twice. Now becoming a free fast. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on. Good Lord. The latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest in The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. All right, so Terrence Howard sat down with Bill Maher on a club Random on his club. Random podcast. I love that podcast by the way. Look to Bill Maher.


Great conversations, always. They talked about a ton of things. It was like an hour and 55 minutes long. But in conversation, one of the things that they talked about that a lot of people grabbed was the conversation of Marvin Gaye and why Terrance Howard did not want to play him in the biopic. Let's take a listen. I just had conversations with, with Lee Daniels about playing Marvin Gaye. And I was like being faithful to Lee Daniels because I had given my word as a man, I'm gonna do this with you. You would've been perfect as Marvin Gay. And that is a story that needs to be Told. Well, I would've, you know what happened with that? I was over at Quincy Jones' house. I'm asking Quincy, I'm hearing rumors that Marvin was gay.


And I'm like, was he gay? Was and, and Quincy's like, yes, they would've wanted to do that. And I wouldn't have been able to do that. It wouldn't. Well, you, You mean you couldn't kiss a guy in on screen in a movie? Yeah. Yeah. No. 'cause I don't fake it at the, I couldn't Kiss a man either. That's true. And that that does not. That me does. I would cut my lips off. I can't play that character. Right. A hundred percent. I can't. Right. I got a lot of thoughts about this. What number one, I, I don't care that he doesn't wanna kiss a man that's, he has the right to not want to do that. Like, that's his values. That's true. That's his boundaries. You know what Emini here, if he feels like that's not, he doesn't wanna do that for a role. He could do whatever he wants. He has everybody to feel like that. And that could make him homophobic or prejudice towards gay people.


And nothing. He said he was not homophobic. He's not. Just because he has that boundary. There's nothing wrong with that. Second, I don't know if Terrance, how is the perfect Marvin Gay? I know Terrance is a great actor, but I'm like Marvin Gay. Who? Who? I don't see Terrance Howard. No. Marvin Gaye. Bill Mar. We Know Lenny Kravitz turned it down too. Lenny Kravitz declined the role of Marvin Gay. I don't see Lenny Kravitz is no Marvin Gaye Either. Bill Maher said you would've been a, a great Marvin Gaye. Who do, who do you see as Marvin Gaye? I Don't know. I gotta think about it. But it ain't Terrance Howard or or Lenny Kravitz. And I know acting is acting, but I just don't, I don't, I don't see that. And why would just be, why is Marvin Gaye 'cause his last name Gay. When the hell did Marvin Gaye become gay? There's been rumors for some time about we gotta stop Doing that to people when people die. Whatever we knew about them when they were dead.


I'm talking about the public. It should stay that way. Like I don't why, why he just gonna make a whole movie and just turn the man gay. Now he gay to a whole generation and he wasn't gay. He just, his last name, what it did is a Luther. They Did Luther Vandross as well. Right. Well that's a little different. Why? What's different? 'cause it what was different? Those rumors were there when he was alive. Like that was a, like, I don't know if it was a, it wasn't a secret as much as it was wasn't our business. Oh, well same. I, I don't know. I think there's a lot to Marvin Gaye's life though that I think would make a great biopic for any actor to do it. So I think, course I can understand where Terrance how is coming from. But they talked about this too on the, on the podcast. Like the, he has such a big life and such a big career that they're, that would be like one point of so many others that you would touch on.


And they have been trying to make this biopic, not this specific one because this didn't happen, but they've been trying to make a couple different ones. There was recently an announcement I remember seeing that. Dr. Dre. Yeah, Dr. And Jimmy. Ive were supposed to be doing something as well too. I don't know where that has ended up. But whoever, wasn't Tyree supposed to play Marvin Gay at one time too? Uhuh Tyrese or Teddy Pentegra? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. I think that was Lee Daniels too. It Was Lee was gonna make that gay as well. Sure. That was Lee Daniels Fault. That Lee, that's what he You didn't oh, you didn't watch the club random. He said this was, he said this Marvin Gaye was a Lee Daniels thing. It was. And Terrance said, Terrence said legal put gay in everything. But I'm saying why You sure Didn't, didn't Tyrese dress up like him and do sing the national anthem one time?


That was Teddy Ress. I thought that was Marvin Gaye. No, the Tyree dressing up was separate than him. There was conversations about him playing that role and then him and the wife got into it because he, remember he said that he didn't think that the, when He dressed up, I thought that was a character he created. But people thought that it was Marvin Gaye. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, okay. But it, it was, that was separate. Remember we talked about it when he was up here? He was, I remember. And Lee Daniels was here too that same day, remember? Yes. Yes. It was. Lee Daniels is gonna add a little gate to everything. I just want y'all to know that. Okay. If it's, if it don't have a little hint of gay Lee Lee is like salty. He gonna sprinkle a little gay on Your phone, shot, Ate, sprinkle a little gate. Legal gonna sprinkle a little game. Ain't nothing wrong with little know that right Now. Ain't nothing wrong with a little gate.


Yeah, about a little gate. Where's that drop Ray? Ain't nothing wrong with being a little gay. Everybody's Little gay Big Mac our, one of our producers Big Mac said Luke James would be a good Marvin. Oh, I can, I can, I can see That. He would And he, yeah. And if they do go into the rumors or the alleged sexuality conversation, but why James has but Emini here. I think you kind of, it's been, that's been a, a thing. I ain't never heard that in my life. Only thing I ever heard about Marvin Gaye being gay was his last name being gay. I ain't never heard about Marvin Gaye. Marvin was a ladies man. From what I, what I grew up knowing. I ain't never heard that before. And, and if you over there type typing is Marvin Gaye gay. That's crazy. How? No, you better not be that. Was you Googling? I Did. Because I remember a time someone came out and talked about it after he passed away.


I don't ever know. And I was trying to find, And I dunno, even born after Marvin Gaye passed away. No, I'm like recently And I was trying to, this person recently passed away and they talked about it before they did. And I was trying to find out who it was that that said it, that brought it back up and people were pissed that he did. Never heard that. My life, I don't, it, it is been a rumor. I've heard the rumor or whatever, but if they do touch on it, I was gonna say Luke James would be because he, he played a gay character in the Shy. All right, moving on. Y'all Are crazy. You on your own with that one? I'm crazy. Why am I, what's, Why are we crazy? Because you and Lee Daniel trying to make Marvin gay. Gay? No, they Mac gonna text me and say what y'all think of the Luther?


No, they, I'm gonna send y'all some articles, whatever. And I don't know where you got this Marvin Gaye gay stuff too. 'cause I don't see it. I And I Google Marvin Gaye Gay. The only thing that comes Up in, turns out I don't like that in my life ever We're moving on because it doesn't matter because he is not here anymore. And that's right. Is not our business what he does in his bed. Okay. You right. Or did in his bed. All right, so moving on to Elijah Arenas, Gilbert Arenas and Laura Govan's son. There have been some updates. I received a statement yesterday on just how he's been doing. I know that there, there was a story broken about how he's doing as well. But yesterday there were reports circulating that he would be released from the hospital today and that he would be released with, you know, being able to walk and, and no damages and all that stuff. So I, I reached out and they said that he is still gonna remain in the hospital.


And this is Elijah Arena's, Gilbert Arena's son who got in the cyber truck car accident that we report on earlier this or last week. So what, What happened with the accident? Did they ever get details of what happened? Was it They Believe it? Speed. Did somebody run 'em off the road? Did Did they believe it was speed? Because the cyber truck goes fast and, but you would know that. But they, they believe that it was speed. They say every Car goes fast depending on, you know, what You take. No, they're saying that cyber Truck goes fast every year. Toyota, Honda, every car goes fast. We talking about Enforcement is saying that y'all are getting on my nerves this morning. I should have been home with Jess. Law enforcement sources are saying that they're, they're blaming it on speed and, and like him not being able to control the car at an accelerated speed, that there was no drugs or alcohol involved from what they're able to find so far.


And I was told that he will not be released today. That is not true. He's gonna remain hospitalized under close observation with additional testing that he's still going under. He is able to walk and talk on his own. Right now he's been speaking to his parents, but the inhalation has been a very traumatic experience for him and he's trying to recover from that. The severe smoke inhalation. And I did ask how, how Gilbert Arenas and Laura Govin were doing. 'cause this is a lot for them, as you can imagine. And my source told me that they are strong and they're getting through it. You know, their baby's here. So I just Got a text from one of the homies that said, I handle press for the Shy. And Luke James character is not a gay character in the show. I don't know if that's true or not. Lauren Lauren's Googling right now.


I just got that Text from, He doesn't have, he, They said he dates the trans woman in the show, but he is not gay. Oh no, I'm not having this conversation. I was about to say, I googled it to make sure that I wasn't tripping, but I watched Dea, Mr. P, this, this, this, the homie. She said he dates a trans woman in the show, but he's not gay. So what does, you're having that conversation. What? You're Confusing me. Okay. I'm not having that conversation. Trump's an executive order. Trump signed an executive order. I'm, you, Me, I'm not having this conversation with y'all this morning, but, But salute to Gilbert Arenas in that young man again, hopefully would like works. Well. Like explore that one. Lauren, Leave alone. Alone. I'm Not exploring that. The reason, the reason I do ask is sometimes those cars are faulty. And I was asking if that was the reason why the accident happened, but I'm just glad he's doing okay. And hopefully he gets out and, and has a full recovery.


I cannot believe. Yes, absolutely. Sending healing energy to the arena's family for sure. Yes. Absolutely. I Think I just confused my Google too 'cause I you Confused. I like Is Marvin Gay? Gay? Oh, you gay. If you date a trans woman, you just gay, gay, gay, gay, gay over there. And you're probably spelling gay. G-A-Y-E-G-A-Y and confusing it. The laptops don't know what to do. Red play the drop. Jesus Christ. Okay, maybe not All we're good. All right, well that was the latest with Lauren. Get Me out here. Show man. We giving a donkey too. Mm. We need a Florida woman named La Trance Battle to come to the What, what, what's the name? You being funny right now?


I had oatmeal in my mouth. Hold. Whoa. Her name is La Tra Battle. Wow. She need to come to the front of the congregation where we'd like to have a word with her. Okay. Y'all play too much this morning. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. You better be a as Char some donkey days just sell themselves. Have been watching Char Man's ready Forkey Donkey. I ain. Never heard on Donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again. Charlemagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Donkey. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Donkey today for Tuesday, April 29th goes to La Trench Battle.


Trans Battle is a 52-year-old Bay County Florida woman. What does your Uncle Shawla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. Salute to everybody who listens to us on 1 0 4 5 to beat in Orlando, dropping a cruise bomb for Orlando. I was in a, I was in Orlando majority of the weekend, just got back yesterday. I was in a, of course, Atlanta Friday and Saturday during the day. But I was in Orlando, Orlando for my daughter's chili eating competition. And I, I figured out what makes Florida crazy. It's the heat. Okay? There is studies that show how excessive heat impacts your mental health. Okay? By the way, we in the black community have always known this, but over the years with climate change, global warming, The World has gotten hotter.


Therefore, places like Florida have gotten hotter. So people have gotten crazier. I'm not debating with you about this, it's science. Okay? Studies suggests that heat can have a significant impact on mental health, potentially leading to increased irritability, anxiety, and even aggression. High temperatures can disrupt sleep, impact cognition and affect mood, potentially exasperating, preexisting mental health conditions. So yes, people in Florida are crazy because it's hot. Global warming has made people even crazier. Okay, that's all I got. But one thing about people in Florida, they are creative, very, very creative. They do things that make you say, wow, that's a unique crime.


Okay? I've never seen that before. And that's the case with La Trans Battle. See, LA Trans Battle was upset that her ex-boyfriend had a new wife. Now, I could play a game of guess what race it is, but I need to tell you what race they are for proper context. La Trans Battle is a black woman as far as I can tell. And her ex-boyfriend's wife is clearly a foreigner based off the facts of this situation. Based off the fact is Florida and based off what La Trance did to her, I can only assume she's some type of Latino. Now, if you were a black woman, okay, and you're in Florida, and your ex-boyfriend's wife was Latino in 2025 and you wanted to get her out of the picture, what would you do?


Oh boy. Whoa. Oh boy. Oh, Let's go to, let's go to News four News for the report, please. Investigators Say a woman posed as an immigration officer to pull off a deer in kidnapping. They also claim La Trance Battle had a police type radio and a business card to persuade another woman. She was an ice officer. According to the Bay County Sheriff's Office, the victim eventually escaped how battle faces kidnapping and other charges. 10 10 for our creativity. Round of applause. Okay? Right. She clearly committed to the role. She had a costume, a t-shirt that said ice on the front. She had props. She had some type of little walkie talkie that looked like a radio.


She clearly had the language because she was able to convince the woman to come with her. She was able to convince the woman that she was indeed an ice agent and you needed to come with me. Now, where she went wrong was she clearly didn't plan all the way to the end because this feels very Wiley Coyote Roadrunner issue. She didn't think about what she was going to actually do if she caught her. I feel like she didn't have a plan after kidnapping her unless she was gonna take her to this, you know, apartment complex to kill her. But I'm gonna tell you how dangerous this was for her ex-boyfriend's wife. Do you know how many Latinos are afraid to have any interactions with law enforcement? Because they believe it's gonna lead to them having to deal with ice and possibly being, possibly be deported.


This woman believed Lat Trance was an ice agent because she is currently in the process of becoming a legal US resident. La Trans had to know that too. And that's how she knew she could get this off. That could have ended up really bad for her ex-boyfriend's wife. But hell, maybe that's what La Trans wanted. I don't know. All I know is I have to give La trance an E for effort, And I have to give her a D for donkey. And you know what else rhymes with d He as in hall. And that's exactly what I want you to give La trance battle right now. We live in a cruel, cold, hilarious world. Y'all wanna play a game?


We know the race. Let Little Red re let him. Don't you know he don't listen? Sure, sure. Envy. You wanna play a game? Nope. I don't wanna play a game with you. Oh, okay. All right. I'm Sorry, but they say I don't listen. I didn't listen. I just turned the mic back on. I'm I'm broadcast live. I didn't listen what You call envy Little Red Riri. I caught the end of it. I you called Little Red Riri. I Caught the end of it. You caught the tip Pause. You know what, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. What's the craziest or pettiest thing you did to your ex to mess up their new Relationship? Because Lauren, you was looking real happy when I said that.


Mm. Emini here. If you gonna do something petty, that's a good one. That is a good one. You know what I'm saying? You gonna do, if you gonna go big, go Big. When they step outside the lane Emini here, just do what you need to do to figure the things out. You know? Is there anything that you can tell us that won't get you in trouble? Oh, word. I've never done anything. If, if I walked away You scared. You don't, you don't lie. Well, I, I don I've never done anything to ruin an ex's relationship. If you are in a full relationship after me And I moved on, I'm leaving you. I'm letting you go be with your type. What About, what about if your ex upgraded? It never happens. No. Your new ex did Emini here. Your old ex did. I showed you that picture and you would d you would dang lie I sent you that picture Of the white Woman. Everything is given Motel six and, and everything over here is, is the Four Seasons Ritz Carlton, don't play with me.


Talk That talk. 800, Not 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the craziest or pettiest thing you did to your ex to mess up their new relationship? That is the question. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Daddy. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowles premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor is. State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Yo ki is is your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K Factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions, and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop a next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go.


Wanna join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club? Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Long La Rosa filling in for Jess and we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the craziest or prettiest thing you've done to your ex to mess up their new relationship? Now this conversation comes from Charlemagne's Donkey. Yes. There was a woman in Florida named LA Trans Battle. La Trans Battle was mad that her ex-boyfriend had a wife. So she posed as an ice agent and she basically kidnapped her. The woman went, went, went, went with La Trance because she was, she is currently trying to become a US resident. She's be trying to, she's in the process of becoming a legal US resident.


And so she thought La trance was telling the truth. Alright, Well let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Denisha. Hey Danisha. Good morning. How old are you Danisha? 31. 31. Okay. Okay, break it down. What happened with you Danisha? I sent a video of my ex giving a trans ratio. So like his kids and his, his mother and his. Oh, okay. So lemme ask you a question. Is the video of your ex giving the transf fellatio, was that the reason y'all broke up? Whoa. Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay, okay. What's your ex's name? Kanye West. Stupid. Yeah.


Okay. So what happened after you sent the video? He freaking went psycho and flipped his Tahoe on 2 88, 3 times on purpose, but he didn't even hurt himself. So He tried to, he flipped his car three times. Didn't hurt himself? No. So he tried to kill himself basically. He said he didn't, he said that it was an accident, but I'm pretty sure he was crashing out. Now Was that worth it? That wasn't worth it, man. That man tried to c, he felt, he seems like he tried to commit suicide because you outed him. That wasn't right. That's revenge porn. Actually, No it's not. He done worse things to me. Now was he doing a better job on the trans than you've done on him? Jesus Christ. I would say so.


Oh damn. Wow. Well at least that man. Let that man go live. His truth. Honestly, I helped him out because now he's able to live his true, his true self. I agree. Emini Here. No, you shouldn't be out. Nobody though Emini here. You shouldn't out him. But you know, everything happens for his Own, his one of his own daughters had already tried outing him before, but he kept denying it. He actually threw his daughter through a freaking glass window and slit her throat for freaking saying, for calling him out on some stuff when they went through. And he said that he was supposedly scamming, So Why str? But he was actually doing them jail. So why is he not in, why is he not in jail? Sucking What? Because he is an ex-police officer.


Wow. And where are you calling from? Houston. Wow. You let me put you on ho. This is a good lifetime movie. We can put this on Tubie. Yo, hold on. We could Really, we can get Alvin Gray to direct this. That sound crazy. Right? Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking what's the craziest or pettiest thing you did to your ex to mess with their new relationship? Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It, If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club l la Rosa is here as well. If you are just joining us, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the craziest or pettiest thing you did to your ex to mess up their new relationship? This comes from Charlemagne's Donkey. Break down your donkey. Charla Donkey of the Day today went to a young woman from Florida and the young woman's name is La Trans Battle and La Trans Battle pretended to be an ice agent to kidnap her ex boyfriend's wife. And the reason that the ex-boyfriend's wife fell for it is because she's currently in the process of becoming a legal US resident.


So we're asking what's the pettiest thing you've done? Hello? Who's this? Jessica. Jessica, what's the pettiest thing you did? Hey look, not what the petty thing that I did, somebody did to me in the last 24 hours. Oh, talk to me. I like this. What happened? Okay, alright. I had a, a normal day, you know, I'm, And I wanted to go pick up my son And I decided to go with his grandmother's house and his family and everybody's there, right? Yes. So we're okay. So his dad get there and he goes upstairs for a little while And I'm like, you know what, I'm ready to go. So as my son say, no ma, I wanna, I wanna stay a little bit while longer and then we're gonna go.


I said, okay, how you doing dear? I'm in the McDonald's. I'm sorry. This it right here. Alright, thank you. You have a good day, Jesus. Right now What? What you order? Let tell you what do Sausage McGriddle hotcakes and sausage. I'm sorry. Yeah, you know what Emini here, I gotta get a steak, egg and cheese bagel with the egg on the side. Eat the egg. My son's allergic to it so you know, I had to do what I had to do real quick. Yes sir. So anyway, get back. Lemme get back to this petty the most pettiest I've been crying y'all. Well, tell us what happened. He calls me, he say, no, you need to come upstairs now. I said, what do you want now? So I said, you know what, I'm gonna go ahead. This is my first time actually coming to him like that because you know I'm dominant.


I don't go for no, you come here now you to come here now to me. So I go, he said you, I said this ain't me. What? Talking about he's at his, so I'm talking about so, huh? And I What? So he said this on this video, I know your bra, I know your favorite bra. And he started saying my, my parts And I said, oh my God. Got my part. Oh my God. So I, of me and my personal space of a petty, I'm sorry.


I'm so sorry. A petty person that I'm not even with no more. Whoever you are, I'm not even giving my name out because so bad because I, I ain't that type person. I'm my personal space. So you, what I Do is in my pocket. Put Your news out out there. Are you telling us some somebody put your nudes out? What? They that's what she saying. What video? She said Somebody stole that stole my phone to my nude. I done had it. Damn. Oh Well I'm, I'm, I'ma tell, I'ma tell you what I got from all of this. You need some more bras. Okay? You, you, you got one. Goddamn know This was an old video. They stole my phone. It don't matter. It don't matter. Why, why your boyfriend know you only got one bra.


Jesus. And he need to be buying you some more brass. That's My favorite. That's my favorite bra. My personal space. When I'm in my personal space. If you understand, when I'm by myself, this is what I like to do. That's my favorite one to get in when I'm by myself in my personal space. So you took, nobody gets to see this. I get what you're saying. Me. So somebody you understand. Yes I do. I'm like that dude. I'm like that dude that wear his heels in his skirt just to get, you know what Emini here. What? That's what I do. What dude Shirt house. What the hell is going on? I don dunno. Thank you mama. Goodbye. No, don't ha you hung up on her poor girl. I'm so confused. I don't believe her to be honest with, is it a girl? I don't believe somebody stole her phone.


I believe that she sent news to somebody. But that's just my personal opinion because She said something, whoever it was that I used to deal with that I don't even deal with no More. But why? She said after pe Oh some. I guess somebody did that to her. I don't know what the hell she was talking about. Hello? Who's this? Melissa. Hey Melissa, what's the craziest, petty thing you did to your ex to mess up their new relationship? Okay, good morning Andy and Charlemagne and Lauren please. Good Morning. I I'm gonna call it midlevel petty. So when we first split, he was coming from his country as city to mine. And we were he after he moved on and the girl that he was with was blowing the phone up from the, on, from the Friday to the Sunday. So when his loud, loud snoring ass was sleeping, I would answer his phone and just put it to his so she could hear this all throughout the weekend at two, three o'clock in the morning when his dad was sleeping.


God damn. Wait, what'd she say? Level petty. That's it ain't the worst petty. It ain't, Yeah, but that's creative. I ain't gonna front That's creative. I missed that one. What did she say? You gonna notice you're gonna know your man snore. Right. So I answer the phone when she, he would leave her, you know, mind you, he moved on too quick. So in my defense he moved on a little too quick for me, you know, And I would just answer the phone so she could hear just one. So she knew where he wasn't. He was with somebody else. Mm. Hey, I respect it. I like that one. That's creative. I like creativity. Okay. You could a 10, 10 for creativity. Thank you mama. What's the moral of the story guys? Lauren, Don't ask me. I barely could hear have to People.


But I like what you said earlier when you said Up. Oh, I let people go be with their type. Yes. Mm. I'm not fighting for nothing to come back around Because a lot of y'all sound like y'all are committing crimes. You know what Emini here, why commit a crime for a X? That person not in your life no more. That person not gonna give a damn if you go to jail. And then guess what? You gonna be in jail while they out here living they best life with they new boo move on. What I get from this is only commit crimes if you're with the person. No. Oh my goodness. Don't listen to her. That's why she wear that wig all the time. So she, she switches wigs out all the time. So she can always change her identity. You can never really identify her. No. We got the latest for Lauren coming up. Yeah, we do. We talking about Mary J Blige. She is being sued by her best friend. What one of did one of Diddy's baby mamas Misa Hilton.


Y'all know Misa, They ain't been friends for like 50 Years. That's correct. No facts. That's a, that is everybody is saying that like, I'm so confused. 'cause they've been friends forever. All right, well we'll get into that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. My pregnant women can't ever sit down and relax. They self relax. Good Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. No, no. Our producer Taylor SLU Taylor dropping a monster for Taylor. She's actually our imaging director. She does all the imaging on The Breakfast Club. Yep. She's how many months pregnant? Six months. Six months pregnant. Yeah, six. About To seven, six months pregnant. And she keep bothering me about going to see Kendrick Lamar and s I'm going on the eighth and the ninth and I'm like, you're pregnant.


Sit down somewhere. You show, Tell her you should have came to Atlanta. We, I'm, we we're gonna go see him tonight in Atlanta. He's performing tonight in Atlanta. Just left Atlanta. Oh, Damn. What? She can't, he can't hear me because he don't have headphones. Vy said he's going to see Kendrick and CISs night in Atlanta. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Go be pregnant. We'll get back. Kendrick and Csor not going nowhere. They'll be here after, after Lil PJ comes. Well, We don't know if they're gonna go into it together again, but Yeah, she, she should go. Oh wait, tell are you trying to do tickets? I just thought about this. Yes. I have an answer to your problem, sis. What? I we'll talk about it. Don't, she's pregnant. She don't need in That concert. No, no, no, no. It won't. You'll be in a very, it'll be a very put up situation. See if only if I can make sure of that is how I will do it. But we'll talk after this. That's right.


Well salute, salute to I'm out in Atlanta tonight. I'm actually going to the concert. You know, she's only getting one week maternity leave. No, she's getting in covered. She's getting a, something like that. Eight weeks As a show. You know, I didn't know. But as a show, all the women have to share maternity leave. Jess used it all. Jess using it today. If that's the case, they might be in a negative, they might be in arrears. Yes. If that's the case, Y'all want Jess to get back on Instagram So bad. Jessica's Out golfing. She's golfing right now. What? Talking About add context of that. She's golf. Jess has Never golfed before. I've never gone Jessica. She's helping with her organization. I don't believe you. The more, what is it? Tell them I don't, I Don dunno. She has an organization that she does. It's something about community like, it, it, it's a whole, whole thing.


Oh she's, oh okay. Yeah. But the golf tournament is not just like her casually golfing there. It is like a something with her more community based foundation that she has. Okay. They're working with someone else to do something. I don't know all the details. I just know that it's more than just her chilling and golfing. Yo, I just wanna let y'all know before we get to the latest with Lauren, my phone is just seeing them. Random people text that. Just say we are The Breakfast Club. So if you get a random text from me that says we are The Breakfast Club, I don't know why It's Sha Siri. Oh, maybe it is Siri. All right, let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight, she gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She Gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she'd be having the latest on the latest with Lauren La.


Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit Of everything. Well what's the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. So all hip hop.com broken exclusive late yesterday that Misa Hilton is in her entertainment company is suing Mary J Blige because Misa is alleging that Mary J Blige sabotaged Vatos rappers Vatos deal and for, and now it cost him $5 million. So for background, Vato was signed to Misa Hilton and Mary J Blige. And allegedly they're in a argument right now because Mary J Blige is not allowing for Vato to release a completed album.


So there's a completed album that Misa Hilton is claiming that Mary J Bli is pressuring Vato to cut ties with Misa Hilton and her and her company over and until he does this, Mary J Bli is allegedly saying he cannot put out this music. Well Envy you're not gonna ask you a famous question. What's that? What's the question you always like to ask? What's the question? Explain to the people who Vado is Yo, Shut up man. I'm serious. We know They no Va man. We VA's rapper used to be signed to to Khaled from Harlem. Before that he would sign the Camera. He signed the camera on. Yes. No, there's a whole generation that has no clue who the hell Vado is. So they're beefing over Vivado. They're arguing over Vivado. Yes. So Misa Hilton and Vado are accusing Mary J Blige and her company, beautiful Life Productions of interfering with a sign management agreement between Vato and Mesa's Entertainment Company.


Which I Didn't know Vato was signed to either one of them. When Did that happen? I knew he was signed, signed to Mary J Blige because when they were making some songs together, she had that look, remember she was gonna sit downstairs with BET. I think she talked about it there and they did some songs together and that's how I knew. Yeah, I know she was signed to, I know he was signed to Mary. Yeah. And What deal? But so the deal that they came up with entitled Misa Hilton's Agency to 20% of the rapper's earnings. Now Hilton is saying that according to his document, she's saying that Mary J Blige allegedly persuaded vital to break his management deal during private yacht gatherings, hotel meetings and exclusive events where Mica's representatives were intentionally left out. The lawsuit is claiming that Mary J Blige security chief described as her, her boyfriend wanted to sign Vital himself allegedly.


And that he was urging vital to Inc a new contract without legal representation allegedly. And that he was warning the rapper that he would lose out on opportunities if he stayed with Misa. Now the dispute Senator centers around two agreements. So back in July of 2023, there was a management contract between Vado and Misa. And on October of October 1st, 2023, there was a recording deal with Beautiful Life productions that he signed. So Mesa's management Mary is the, the recording deal. And apparently because of this he's not able to make music because he can't put the music out and it's been shell. So he's is blocking tour opportunities as he tries to leverage his career. Remember when Fat Joe was here And I said, fat Joe, did you ever work with another rapper again?


And he was like, hell no. Yeah. And he basically said, because of reasons like this, why me send Maryanne get the memo. But That's crazy. 'cause they've been friends for what, over 30 years? Yes. Like they've been close, like really, really close. She's been Mary's stylist for Years, since early nineties. She's like some Myer's iconic looks. She might even be their son's godparent. Cool. But how they come up with this $5 million number? Favado, I'm trying to figure this out. So they're, they're basing it off of, And I'm actually getting the lawsuit right now so I can dig deeper into this to figure out how it breaks down. But they are basing it off of touring opportunities that he would've missed out because the project was shelved. And apparently in the, in these document, I think Charlamagne's asking is, is vital worth $5 million? That's That's Charlamagne is asking.


That's what DJ Envy just asked. I know that's what how they, I said how did they come to the number of 5 million? Normally how you come to the number is, is you look at everything that you weren't able to do because of whatever you are alleging and then you calculate you, you throw in attorney fees and all of those things. However, it took you out your way. I don't know the exact answer to that 'cause I don't have the docs but I did just request them. Now I don't think Vado would've made them $5 million. So that's just what I said. Why don't you call va, you call everybody else. Lori why don't you reach out the bottle Because I wanted to call the people who actually filed the lawsuit first. But we can, we can reach out to Vado as Well. I knew nothing about none of this. I didn't know Vato was signed to Mary J Blige. Last thing I knew Vato was signed to call. That was a little while ago, Right? They've been off that deal. Yeah, the, This is just crazy to see Mary and Misa falling out or maybe they been fell out.


I don't know. We don't know these people but I don't even know if it's a falling or not. Maybe it's just business. I don't Freaking know. There's allegedly not fair. We're not gonna, You're not gonna sue me for 5 million and we still be cool so we're gonna, we gonna fall out. We, we Gonna get to the bottom of it. I promise you guys, there's allegedly two in this doc Private messages that were included from Mary J alleging that she wouldn't release the music and they're seeking the $5 million in for in damages for breach of contract, emotional distress and inter interference with business relationships. Damn Man. Mary sell wine. Don't Mary got wine? Yes she did have a wine company. Yeah. Sell Wine and Boots. Okay. That's way more profitable. Her boots sold out. Rappers. Yeah. Boots sold out and they never brought it back. It was like a one time thing. Oh they Need to bring back more boots and wine. All of that product is way more profitable than Rappers.


And you know, two weeks ago was the first time Mary did the garden on her own. That was the first time she sold out the Madison Square Garden. A huge Garden home. That's saying she was torn. Yep. That's why Mary looks so damn tired dealing with these rappers. You know Mary be on stage. Hey Mary be looking like she don't wanna be there dealing with these damn rappers. Okay, dropping the clues bombs from Mary J Blige. Don't be stressing out the Queen Mary J Blige. Okay, that's right. I don't like that. Misa seems stressed too Red. Pull up happy man. We know. Start, start, get happy. Used to Dealing, both of them should know better at this point in life. Well we'll get to the bottom of it. I've already reached out to both sides. Mary and Misa side. And then what About I send, I'll send you vital Number. I was about to say Envy said he gonna link me with Vital so I can give him call Too.


I'll send you vitals number. Alright. Alright, well that was the latest with Lauren Charlamagne and this in Girl It's hot in here. I'm having hot flashes. Woo. Menopause. You Menopause Mad over there. It Might be. All right. Well when we come back we got the mix. Can you St. Red play play happy please to start the mix. Mr Breakfast Love. Good morning You are Chicken out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody's DJ J Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long La Roast is here as well. Salute to everybody in Atlanta. I'm in a TL for the day. I'm gonna check out Kendrick tonight. We just doing, me and the wife are out here on this book tour so I can't wait to see a bunch of people. We doing a bunch of press today so salute to our station out here that's set everything up.


She salute to Louis V as well. Salute to my guy Louis V man. Louis, I want to thank you for providing the soundtrack for the third annual Black Effect podcast festival this weekend. And I wanna salute the Louis V because Louis added a nice touch to the festival. He had got us black effect fans. Mm dope. Which I forgot to bring back from Atlanta. So do me a favor envy. Hmm. Ask Louis if he got any extra fans lying around and bring some back for the studio please. The Black please. Because my aunt left hers at the thing and she was so sad she asked me to get another one. Really? Yeah, they love him. Fans. Gotcha. Yes. I wanna say thank you to Louis V 'cause he took me to Magic City. I heard he wanted to, he said how was Magic City? He got really cuddled up with time. He said you met a boo, a dancer. Yeah, I had a great time.


I met Mr. Magic And I, I meet to Mr. Magic every time I go to the strip clubs, I always meet the strippers. Like I don't know why they was chilling her. And I like one of them, the girl I met, she was, she's a big fan of the show. She was like I love a breakfast club. So you know, she supported us. I supported her. Let me ask you a question. I saw you at the Black Effect Podcast Festival. You were surrounded by studs. That's number one. That is not true. It Not, and I'm not, I'm not talking about just the no homo show shoot to the no homo show they was out there. But I'm talking about when I saw you in the crowd, it was nothing but studs sitting by you. I was sitting with my family members. They All studs. They studs. No, I was sitting with, no I was not. Then you Went to the strip club and a woman hit on you a scribbles. She didn't Hit on me. Yes. You told her she hit, you Actually got her number. You said you just spoke to her Recently. You said she was talking to her this morning. We Cool. Yeah, Emini Here. I be cool. She said you so Angelou quote this morning.


You know what that means? What you getting at Emini here? I if you and the women, that's cool. I'm just Asking like No that's not, I just, you know, she supports the show. So I supported her actually. I was like we need to find this one girl. I want her to be, I wanna get, want her give her the ones. That's how I always felt when I went to strip club and when found And I loan in on that one. Yeah. And when she came back I was like, where did you go? Don't leave me in here. Wow. And she stayed with us for the rest of the night. What you Told love with a striper, what you told Lauren, you know, you don't really need to be doing this. You know what I'm saying? Wow. I could teach you how to do journalism. No, no, no, no, no. She, she, Now that I can reach out to my sources girl. No, I actually, I, she's really good at what she does. I wasn't gonna talk around today. That's Yep. That's why I love going to Magic City.


They got some beautiful melanin in there. You hear me? Braids Was popping, edges was late. We black girl Love it to Magic City. Me and my wife have good time when we go to Magic City. We didn't, we, I didn't go this year 'cause I had to go back to Orlando. But yes, SL to Magic City in a TL. Alright, Charla man, you got a positive note. I do have a positive note and it's an uncomfortable truth. It comes from one of my favorite pages on Instagram called The Healing Guide. You should follow the Healing Guide. The way people treat you is a reflection of them. The way you tolerate it is a reflection of you. I repeat the way people treat you is a reflection of them. But the way you tolerate it is a reflection of you do it. That what you must have a great day. Breakfast Club bitches do Y'all finish or y'all done?


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Yoan, are you ready? Is your boy Bohan And I'm bringing you the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and even the real behind the scenes K-pop stories. Plus you, the fans, you're part of the show and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factors starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a K-pop experience. Are you in? Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Go.


It's nostalgia overload. As Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast Do Amigos Wilbur's Friend and former, that 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like, what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Never. Yeah. But it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen To Do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and my latest interview is with Michelle Obama. To whom much is given, much is expected. The guilt comes from, am I doing enough? Me, Michelle Obama to say that to a therapist? So let's unpack that. Having been the first lady of the entire country and representing the country in The World, I couldn't afford to have that kind of disdain. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.