
Prohibition is synonymous with speakeasies, jazz, flappers, and of course failure.


I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu, there's a story I couldn't wait to tell you. It's about an unlikely duo in the 1920s who tried to warn the public that prohibition was going to backfire so badly. It just might leave thousands dead from poison. Listen and subscribe to Snafu on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv. iHeartPodcasts. An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series.


Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi, and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, y'all. I'm Maria Fernandez. When You're Invisible is my love. Letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the Testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called The Edge of Daybreak recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The edge Of Daybreak Eyes of Love was supposed to have been followed up by another album. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, Yo. Yo. Say something, man. I don't know what to say. Everybody is here. Say something. I know everybody's here, but nobody's right here. She'll be well say, say something Sir Jess. Hilarious. Yes, Charlie. Remain to God. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Ha. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's going on? How you feeling? I feel fantastic, man. God is good. You see my, you see my outfit?


What? Godspeed. New. New Godspeed hoodie. Like it's first day high. Play my song, red Play my song. Play my song side. Let's go. My name Linda Hall. Send Hayes to help increase th All right.


Now, classic. Classic, classic. Right there. Oh, man. Listen. Salutes everybody heading to work this morning. Setting to heading to school. High school, college, elementary, middle School. I never went to college know by way. I graduated in night school. Berkeley High School. 1998. Yeah. Okay. But today's gonna be a great show. Everybody is here. Yeah. Everybody that is here. Lauren la is here. We got some guests this morning. AJ Johnson and Tressa Zare. Smallwood from the new BET plus original movie, Fighting To Be Me. The DW Curry story. Yes. Now you know AJ Johnson, a legend in this actress game. Come on. Now we can start from house party. You know, she was doing it with Gina, doing the kick step in the house party. Then you could do baby girl. No, No, no.


Baby girl. That's baby boy. Goddamn damn. But see, that's why Trump signed executive order right there. It's baby boy. Man. I said, baby girl. Jody's mom. Jody's mom and baby boy. Cut it out, man. Jesus Christ, baby girl. Baby. You Know what? Emini here. No, I don't know what, you know what? Emini here, baby boy. That's exactly why Trump be signed. Executive orders right there. Okay. To keep you from making those kind of mistakes. Oh My goodness. All right. All right. Yeah. But AJ Johnson and Tress will be joining us and let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. Morgan Wood be here. Should be breaking down everything that's going on in The World Fair East Side. I'm Glad you was a singer and everybody else you could get it off your chest. 805, 5, fall out The open this morning, man. Phone lines are open.


Whatever y'all want to talk about. It's okay. Let's guff. It's gonna be one of those ones. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning everybody. How y'all feeling today? Feeling Amazing. Plus black and Holly favored. What's up Morgan? Alright, let's get into it. So two NASA astronauts are back on Earth after a nine month stay on the International Space Station. NASA spokesperson, Steve Stitch, says there's no specific timeline when Sonny Williams and Butch Wilmore will be reunited with their families. But it should essentially be soon. You know, it takes some time for astronauts to readjust once they've gotten back on earth.


These astronauts were actually supposed to only be in space for just a matter of days, I believe, eight or nine days. And they've been up in space at that space station for more like eight or nine months. So let's hear more from NASA spokesperson Steve Stitch on these astronauts. I know they're gonna fly back here tonight. They'll probably spend some time rehabilitating a little bit and watch the docs watching 'em, and then they'll rejoin their families in the next, you know, day or so. I don't, you know, they were supposed to go for two weeks, right? Right. How did they have enough food for nine months? Like, you know, you carry enough food for a month, maybe, maybe eight weeks, but they had enough food for nine months. You know, those, have you ever seen like space food?


You see how it's packed? It's like Pastd. Yeah, it, well, it's like, but it's very compressed also. So I would imagine that it would be beneficial for NASA just to overstock space stations anyways, you know? Right. I, I'll tell you something, Morgan space seems very boring. Okay? Either they have to sign NDAs or they lying about going to space because they never come back with no amazing stories. Emini here, y'all was in space all that time And I watched CNN last night And I didn't hear any great stories. Okay? Social media was more, more entertaining yesterday than definitely was, than coming back from, from space. Okay? So Williams and Wilmore had to stay way longer, as I mentioned them. Plan aboard the ISS after issues with their Boeing Starliner spacecraft. Of course, they returned home on a SpaceX capsule on Tuesday, splashing down into the ocean off the coast of Florida.


A SpaceX, you know, that's Elon Musk. I think something that was really kind of cool was their first meal back. Did you see that on CN Charlie? No. What? The Chick-fil-A McDonald's? No, no, no. The, no. They ate PBJ salad and a burger. So I'm just like, you know when you, when you coming back from space and you've been in space for nine months? Like a Burger. They got peanut butter and jelly salad. No, no. When they, their first year when they got back, She said, PJ Salad. No, I said they had, someone had a salad. Someone had a PBJ. Oh oh you Peanut butter jelly salad. I was like, Goodness. Oh my gosh. Guys, moving on. Arizona. Senator Mark Kelly, he is getting rid of his Tesla car after a public spat with Elon Musk in a video posted on X. The Arizona Democrats said he drove the car to work for the last time on Friday.


He pointed to the actions of President Trump and Elon Musk for his decision to get rid of his Tesla. Let's take a listen to Senator Kelly's comments. Every time I get in this car in the last 60 days or so, reminds me of just how much damage Elon Musk and Donald Trump is doing to our country. It's one bad thing after the next, he's firing veterans. I'm a veteran, so have a really hard time driving around in this thing. So I think it's time for an upgrade today. So this is gonna be my last, last trip in this car. What do you guys think? I Respect it. You know, all of y'all complaining about Elon Musk. If you drive a Tesla, if you on X, then you really don't care about Elon Musk that much or what Elon Musk is doing.


So I Respect, well, they was saying, they were saying just don't buy Tesla's new. If you buy used, he gets none of the money. But if they, if you can buy it used, but it's kind of hard not to because not for nothing. Tesla got some of the best stuff in their car, like the car self-drive, the car, self parks, the car pretty much does everything. If it's raining outside, you push a button, the car comes to the front of the store for you. I never wanted one Emini Here. Plenty of people do though. That's essentially what Mark Kelly said as well. He was like, there are things I like about the car. There are a lot of things that I, you know, I don't like about the car, but Musk recently called Kelly a traitor. After the senator posted pictures of his trip to Ukraine. Kelly responded by telling Musk, he doesn't understand that defending freedom is a basic tenant of what makes America great and keeps us safe.


So Tesla has faced protests and calls for boycotts due to Musk work with the Department of Government Efficiency, AKA Doge. So with that being said, do you think these boycotts are working? What are your thoughts on that? You know, one here, here we have Tesla. We saw what happened with the blackout with Target. Are the boycotts working Yes or no? I have no idea. 'cause I don't, I don't. What's the call to action Emini here. That's what I, well I do know that they, what the call to action is for Target. 'cause I've seen some of the action items. But when those, some of those, when some of those action items start getting answered, then I would say they're working. Hmm. Okay. Alright, well that's your front page news for 6:00 AM 7:00 AM We're talking deportations.


Tariffs and aviation news. So stick around for more front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Thank you Morgan. Jessica, Robin Moore is here. Good morning Jess. Good morning. Welcome. Welcome to Fair East Side High School. Yep. Before Mr. Club. And you better know the song. Of course. Of course. The whole song. Sing it. Sing it. You better know the song. Sing it. Shoot. I need to learn it too. Exactly. I only know the one good part, but the beginning. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.


Nope. Joe Clark would not be pleased. Smoke crack. Don't. Joe Clark would not be pleased. We don't know The World. No, ain't not. He wouldn't be pleased. Get it off your chest. Yes. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If there's something bothering you need to get it off your chest. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning y'all. The Breakfast Club. Ooh, that's a new day. This is your Time to get it off your chest Wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or Blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this you? Vy? What's up Trav? What's up please? Trav. What up sis? What's going on?


What's up? I, I, I know Jeff and Lauren is there. I don't know what one is sitting up there right now. What's, What's T Lauren? What's up T Justin, how y'all doing? Good. I'm just calling the state, dropping the police bombs for the brothers club. It's never been this busy when I've been trying to call up here And I don't know what happened but yeah, got shout out to Yra this morning. You still got through the back. You through the back door. Clearly Trav, But no the first say Jeff. What's that? And Lauren, both of y'all are both valuable to the show. Y'all both bring your own thing to the show. I totally understand where Jeff you're coming from, but y'all both are heated on the show And I wanna make sure you're doing an amazing job, Jeff. Don't let the comments, don't let anybody tell you different.


I told Charlamagne a year or so ago that I do think that you were the one that was prepared. Don't matter how much you were being put on the show, you were prepared and keep doing your thing baby. Appreciate you Trev. Sorry. Yes, you Ugly. Bye. First of all, you don't even believe that you bricked up the whole time. Believe that you bricked up the whole time you having this conversation. He wasn't bricked up. Bricked up the whole time. Was not bricked up. Are you talking to me? No, I hope not. I don't know. According to Donald Trump, I'm not talking to you. Okay. My name is Alexis. I'm from Louis, Kentucky. I am upset because that old man keep coming for Jess. Every interview that I have seen of that man, he has been talking about Jess and I'm so mad about that And I think y'all should split up.


Jess Hilarious. And y'all gonna have on her, she doing the first Owl and Jess do the second album. 'cause I miss Jess with the mess. Jess talked about the message the celebrities do And I be looking up And I already, that's why I could see to watch the show. But you, I appreciate you Jerry And I, I love you Emini here. I showing you I'm so nervous. I'm pregnant, I'm just up. But just, I love you and if you leave the show, I'll leave it too. I love you too. I appreciate that. Thank you. Alexis. Hello. Who's this you? A starter? You the little boy. Okay.


That's what you are. Hello? Who's this? Yo, What up this Jay? Jay, What's up? Get off your chest Jake. Yo. So two things man. Real quick. Good morning, Peace. Morning. How you I I, I'm great man. I hope, I hope what I was hearing was the troll about you all up there. But because each of you are great in your respective spaces in what you do individually and you all have come together as a great team. I think it works well. Everybody has a shaky start at first launch, you know, building this team. So, but you guys are great. Thank you King Jess Thing. How I need to get off my chest Just right here by the way. You talk me off. Good Morning Jess. Good morning. How are you? Just me. Dope. Yeah. Oh y'all dope man. Appreciate You To my South Carolina Bre Charlamagne.


Yes sir. I gotta get this on my chest man. You need to stop singing bro. Please Stop singing. Yeah, you sound horrible. Do like bad Please. Yeah, you sound bad when I've heard you say sing God is good. I love that song. First Of all, never want to go first of all. First of all, first of all, you a heathen. That's why you don't like that song. You a heathen because when you hear somebody sing, God is good. It pisses you off. No, no. He likes the song. He just don't like you singing song. It ain't about my And I singing. No when I hear you sing Bro. It's about the testimony. It shouldn't be about how I sound. Okay? If I say, you know, I know that God my God is good. That has nothing to do with how I sound. That's God didn bless testimony, looks or singing ability brother Bro. I don know. Do that portrait style or something next time, man.


Don't, Hey, hey don't talk. Don't talk. Don't you talk to Joe Clark. Like that. Thank you brother. Okay, get it off your chest. 800. What? My baseball bat. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chat. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Noah. I'm from North Carolina. What's up Noah from North Carolina. Get it off your chest. Hey, well first off, good morning Charmagne. Good, good morning DJ Ambien. Good morning Jess. How you guys doing? Good morning. Good Morning. So we listen to this show on the way to work every morning.


We love this show just to let y'all know. Appreciate You ke. Thank you. Yep. Not a problem. We as a fellow person that vote, I did vote for Trump. I just, I, And I know y'all get a lot of the Democratic side that calls in. I'd like to be the first, one of the first to call in from the other side. You're not, you're not one of the first, but do your thing. I just want to know why the Democratic side does. Like he walked into kind of a bad situation and everyone expects him to have it all cleared up in two months. He's got four years Emini here. Everybody's complaining about what he's done in two months, but nobody's given any time. It's interesting, right? I think that, you know, he did walk into what they say was the greatest economy in The World. But it's hard to say that when, when working class people don't feel it in their pockets, you know?


But he did, according to, you know, the stock market and the GDP, he did walk into a great economy and you know what? Almost two months in, it's not that great anymore. Yeah, well I work When you say working class, matter of fact I'm driving in to go for some concrete right now. Okay. Alright. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us. Hit us right up. Now we got the latest with Lori coming up. Yep, we do. So Jonathan Majors and Megan Goode are married. And I don't know if this is like a real thing, a coverup, but we gonna get into it. All Right, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free fan Off Man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She Gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She'd be having the latest on. Good Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's The latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. And you better know the school song too, Lauren. You better know the Fed East Side Song Prohibition. It's no secret that banning alcohol didn't stop people from living it up in the 1920s, When we're five years into prohibition, the government is starting to go, okay, this isn't working.


In fact, you might even say it backfired spectacularly, I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu, we're taking you back to the 1920s and the tale of formula six. Because what you probably don't know about prohibition is that American citizens were dying in massive numbers due to poisoned liquor. And all along, an unlikely duo was trying desperately to stop the corruption behind it. They Were like superhero crusaders turning the page on a system that didn't work, wasn't fair and was corrupt. So how did prohibitions war on alcohol go so off the rails that the government wound up poisoning its own people to find out, listen and subscribe to Snafu on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Well, this podcast might be keeping you from being


distracted. Here's something to level up your focus. I'm Amantha Imba, host of the podcast How I Work. It's a show where I interview some of the world's most successful people and uncover how exactly they construct their days from how to combat a scrolling addiction to morning rituals and productivity hacks. We explore how some of the best stayed disciplined and managed their time effectively. Where ambition meets inspiration. Search for how I work on the free iHeart app or in whatever podcast app you're listening to,


Steve. I don't go there. All right, so before we get started with Jonathan Majors and Megan Good. Who are married, yay. Officially. Officially. Okay. Congratulations To him. But before we get there, Tracy Morgan, I know we talked about that in the first hour yesterday. I did wanna update everybody he posted to let us know that he was doing good. He said that he was, you know, he was at the doctor's at the time and they told him that it was food poison. He says he appreciated appreciates all of his Madison Square Garden family for taking such good care of him. And he wants to shout out the crew that had to clean up. He appreciates them. I'm sure he does. And then he said, more importantly, the Knicks are now one and zero. So when he throws up on the court, that happened. So maybe he might have to break it out again in the playoffs.


He hashtag go Knicks. He better Know it was fool poison then, by the way, he project how I vomited. 'cause I had food poison him before. And that's exactly what Happened. Yeah, that's what I said. Yeah, I know he doesn't drink, but Tracy is the type of person that when he goes back to the garden, anybody who clean up that mess, he gonna tip you big. Like Tracy's very generous. So he, he, he probably gonna tip you big. What if Tracy was like, boy, don't you be saying that. I gonna tip, tip. Okay. He got, I don't know. He by the way, he said, appreciate y'all. I was like, okay, he probably gonna take care of the people. Nah, he love those people over there. All right, so shifting gears, Jonathan Majors and Megan Good are married. Now this is according to reports and according to sources. So he sat down with Kevin Frazier yesterday on et at a premiere for his new movie magazine Dreams.


And they talk a bit about just where him and Meghan good are right now. Let's, let's listen to Jonathan Majors on being married. I remember her telling me, I've never been this happy before. Just my girl man. She just, my, she's just my best friend. You know, my wife, you know, my, my fiance, My Coretta. Yeah. Hey tip, shut Up man. So that slipped and in the package and in the story that et broke exclusively, they revealed that the reason why that slipped is because according to a source that they spoke to, they got married and it was Jonathan Major's mother who actually married them in a private ceremony. And yeah. And it was just days, you know, before he set to return to the big screen, the magazine dream.


So a lot of people were calling this out and saying, yo, this is happening. And that was dropped because of the audio that Rolling Stone posted yesterday of him apparently admitting to choking or whatever. His Ex-girlfriend being secretly Taped being secretly taped. Yes. So people feel like this is Megan Good again, having to be thrown in front of the fire for him. So Let me tell you something. Last night I was watching Magazine Dreams. It's a good, they say it's so, man, it's award-winning performance That Jonathan Majors killed is a bad mother effort drop on a cruise bond for Jonathan Majors. Okay, Emini here. I, I kept getting interrupted 'cause people kept calling me about Jess. But Jonathan Majors is a truly ready, gifted actor. Once in a generation talent, like a person that can't be denied, his gifts will continue to make up.


Is it a tear jerker drama? Is it a tear? What is it about, you know what, it's one of those movies that you have anxiety all the way through. It's like one of the movies you watch, you're like, no bro, don't do that. Don't do that, don't do that. You know what I'm saying? But it's, it's, I I wouldn't, I don't know, it didn't make me cry. It just, it gave, it gives, it makes you anxiety up and down. 'cause you get so into his character Yeah. That you just like, bro, don't do that. No, don't do it. Don't do it. I'm gonna watch it this weekend. Watch it. No, it, it's really good. He did also address the audio that Rolling Stone leaked a bit. Let's take a listen to that. How do you address this latest Headline? You know, I love you brother. Yeah, I do love you brother. I just can't speak to that. There's work to be done and that's what I'm focused on now.


How have you Worked on those things that, From your past prayer that's been a huge thing. The mandatory, well that's just that one. And then the voluntary and the voluntary therapy, you know, that I've been in and now I'm just finding ways to invest and change and shift and grow, grow myself in a way. I also wonder how much of the character from Magazine Dreams stayed with him long after he shot it. What's The character like? What is his character? He plays bodybuilder. Who is, he's play, he plays a bodybuilder who wants to compete, I think to be Mr. Universe or Mr. USA, one of those. I've seen trailers I seen because Zoo dropped the trailer, but I didn't see the movie.


So he's on steroids. He's on cocaine. Oh wow. He's lusting after white women. Right. Oh wow. What a role. Yeah, it's, it's serious. But it's still good. It's fantastic. Does he meet a black woman in the movie though? A Coretta? No, no. Coretta Circle ain't no. In fact he actually goes nevermind. Don't say too much. I don it. Yeah, don't, I can't wait to see it. It's fantastic. He's a brilliant actress. I can't, fantastic. Well, speaking of marriages or what is not left of a marriage, Tiana Taylor yesterday filed a complaint against Iman Shumpert. Now in this new filing, she is basically saying to the court, Hey y'all, he's in contempt right now.


Back in July, we agreed that our marriage stuff, everything we agreed on as far as that their, their judgment for what everybody gets would be sealed. And he is leaking false information to magazines like media outlets, all that type of thing. Right. So in this filing, 'cause I remember there was like all these questions about what each person got and we answered the question. But this filing goes more in depth. Now I wanna make sure I list this out so that we could put this to Russ for the last time. And that, and that's a part of it because Tiana says that in this document, Tiana says she's been receiving like they've been taking her through the mud, like she Death threats and all that, that death Threats and public scrutiny because of that first story that leaked because it made it seem as if Tiana took this man for everything that she, he had when that was not the case.


So according to this filing, Tiana walked away with four of seven marital properties, two properties. She purchased solely on her own two properties that both she and Amman contributed to. She took, she walked away with a tour bus that she paid for by herself. A Maybach that she purchased after Amman allegedly crashed, totaled and abandoned another Rolls Royce that she had. And he never replaced it. She also walked over with a Bronco that she owned and totally purchased on her own, a Jeep gladiator that she purchased by herself. A sprinter van purchased in March, 2024, which was after their separation. She purchased that on her own as well. Iman kept all of his luxury cars, three of seven marital properties, one property. He purchased a loan, a Miami condo that Tiana alleges in his document that she put money towards, but he fought to have it in a divorce.


So he got that and additional property that they both contributed to. So she's just asking a judge to hold him in contempt of that judgment. And that can have, I believe it's like 20 days of jail time. And she's asking that like, you know, certain fees be paid and all of that, but this filing Time slow Now what do you, what do you go to jail for? It would be for contempt. Basically their agreement when they were divorced was that this would be kept Secret sealed was, was to let anything out. And because he, she's alleging that he fed false information to media outlets to promote like his music. And whenever he needed to up his name, he violates that. He don't wanna, that made their names. Like who, when he first got the divorce, he the one that even put it out there, she wanted it to be private for the whole jump.


And he was the one that Yep. Put their names out there. And she outlines that in this document too. Like when she originally filed it was because it was, it, it it was an initials to protect them, but not just them, their babies, the kids. And then when he refiled, he refiled with full name. So You should have rapped about it. Put it in the music. People still wouldn't heard it though. Damn. Mm. All right. Well that is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news, Morgan will be joining us. And don't forget, later on in the show, AJ Johnson Andres will be here. They got a new joint on BET plus called Fighting To Be Me, the DW Curry Story. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What up Morgan? Yeah, let's do it. So a new study from UCLA says, president Trump's economic policies could lead to a recession. U-C-L-A-U-C-L-A. Economists believe the policies could slow down the manufacturing sector and reduce the workforce. The analysis says there's no signs of the recession right now, but multiple events could happen at the same time in the next year or two that could lead to an economic downturn, downturn elsewhere in California. Governor Gavin Newsom is going after President Trump over his use of a centuries old law to justify deportation of hundreds of illegal immigrants.


Now speaking on his podcast, governor Newsom said a federal judge temporarily blocked the deportations, but they proceeded. Anyway. Let's hear more from California Governor Gavin Newsom. This to me, of all the things that has happened in the Trump administration, the notion that you can completely disregard the federal court and literally challenge the court just blatantly in contempt of court Emini here, that's the cornerstone of this constitutional democracy. He's been doing that for so long. Like it's, what's the surprise now? Well, I think again, we, it goes back to what we were saying yesterday about proof and making sure that the deportations are exactly they're right. That they're, we are, in fact the US is in fact deporting criminals.


And, but who's the checks and balances on that? So the Trump administration says the Deportees were identified as members of the Venezuelan gang. And the 1798 Alien Enemies Act gives the federal government sweeping powers to deport imp prison deport or imprison non-citizens during war time. Now the thing about this is President Trump has repeatedly said he believes the United States is under attack at its border. So would he consider that, you know, would this be that type of situation? So this comes as the Department of Justice maintains that no de deportation flight left the US after the order of a federal judge was placed to stop the planes from leaving. And a court filing made on Tuesday to meet the deadline set by Judge James Boasberg, the DOJ still refused to say exactly when the flights carrying the alleged gang members left for Venezuela and El Salvador.


The lawyers said providing those details would be inappropriate because the Trump administration didn't go in, didn't go against the order, but they did say they be, would be willing to provide more information in a private setting. They're saying that basically we can't say this out loud publicly because this is a matter of national security. So yeah, that's what's going on with the, the deportation flights. But we're still trying to figure out what happened with that last flight late in Texas and, and the timeline of the judge's order as to, you know, whether or not the, the flight in Texas was still grounded or, you know, the judge had his order issued and that's gonna probably be a big deal. Meanwhile, New York governor Kathy Ho Hoel says the tariff war between Canada and the US is continuing to hit New York State Hard hoel adds the average New York family will feel it over the course of a year and adds more further that fewer Canadians are crossing the border since these tariffs began.


Let's take a listen to New York Governor Kathy KO's comments on Canadian tariffs. People Are gonna understand very clearly the impact that this is having on their everyday lives. Emini here, the average family possibly paying upwards of two to $3,000 more for everything. And the war is just getting started. Emini here I was in Manhattan asking what occupancy is like in the hotels and they said many Canadians are canceling reservations. Places like theaters in Buffalo are feeling the effect. Yeah. What do you guys think? Emini here, you're up there. I'll be honest, it won't, it won't necessarily affect us 'cause I live in Jersey, but it will affect my parents who still live in New York and it will affect New Yorkers if, if that tariff hits Canada and they raise those electric prices. Yeah, absolutely.


Positively. So HoCo New York gets their electricity from Canada? Yes. Oh Wow. Yes. There are parts of, yeah, HoCo. And not only New York, there are places in Michigan as well. And Wisconsin I believe as well. Hoko also says the tariffs are making it harder to build more housing at a time where there is a severe housing shortage in the state. This because of the cost of lumber and steel are up as a result of those tariffs. And she called the situation enormously frustrating elsewhere. I just, I just wondered with one last thing I just wondered with, with all that stuff going on, will the, the government help? 'cause a lot of people are gonna get their lights cut off, like the electricity's gonna get cut off because if they raise those prices and people could barely afford it now and they can't afford it, are they just gonna have people with no electricity, with no heat, with no AC in the summer?


Right. You know, where they can't cook Emini Here? I don't know. I can't, The federal government's gonna have to help. Yeah, the federal government should, you know, that's, but but being that they're the ones implementing some of the tariffs and, you know, we will see what happens. One, one thing I will notice I'm noticing here in Maryland, governor Westmore is possibly talking about like a, a a a moratorium for, I'm sorry, help me with the word when you the foreclosure moratorium. So that way people won't l lose their houses. So I imagine that a lot of this stuff that happens between the tariffs and the layoffs and all of these things are gonna probably go back to the state. So yeah, we will see what happens there. But of course, you know, I'm gonna keep you posted elsewhere before I go. Congratulations.


R in order to The Breakfast Club own DJ Envy and his lovely wife Gia and the entire Casey crew on being named the Honor family for the 43rd annual conference on the black family at Hampton University. You know I love me some HBCU news. Okay. So this year's theme is from chaos to community, elevating black families, actualizing the Vision I object of beloved community and I Special ceremony Object. Oh please, why you Said black family Shut up. Continue on. Their Father is not black. I am black. Continue on. I'm listening Ahead. Thank you Morgan. Shout out to everybody in the 7, 5 7, you know, I believe that's 1 0 3 jams, you know. Yep. You guys pull up on, pull up on the family, pull up on the honor family, a special ceremony will be held for the Casey family during the conference's opening session today at 6:00 PM in Ogden Hall on the campus of Hampton University.


It is free and open to the public. And I spoke with Gia and Indy yesterday and you can catch that coverage on the Black Information Network. So that's pretty much it. I know it's eight freshly matching outfits being shipped to goddamn Virginia Right now. Listen, Look y'all did, What color did y'all do? What color talent? What color did you do? I bet you did Hampton University Colors. It's gonna be blue. A little blue. A little gray, a little. You, you just gotta see it today. But yes, thank you. Yeah, we are being honored tonight at 6:00 PM Salute to Thea Mitchum. She's actually giving out the award for me. So I'm super duper excited. A bunch of people that we went to college with are gonna be there, family's gonna be there, so it's pretty dope, man.


It, it's, it's a conference that they do every year. It's the 40, the 43rd annual. We've been participating in this conference for the last couple of years. So we're excited about it man, and, and, and honored to be a part of it. So I can't wait to see everybody in the 7 5 7 tonight. Yeah. Congratulations again. So that's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@vinnews.com. Thank you guys, have a blessed day. Thank you Morgan. Thank you Morgan. Now, now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Something that we seen online yesterday. What Do we see online? Our very own Jess. Hilarious. Was was trending. That little fire starter? Yes. That little Baltimore fire starter.


That's right. Okay. I wore my fresh outfit like the first day of high school today. So when we come back, we gonna talk to Jess. We're gonna have a conversation with Jess when we come back and we gonna take your calls as well. 805 8 5 1 0 5. Once it don't go anywhere, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. What's happening? How's everybody feeling out there? I'm great. How you Feel? I feel blessed. Black and Holly Jess Hilarious is here. I'm cool. Okay. Jess, My job. I came into work. What's up? She's been trending all day. Yes. I think she's number nine right now. Okay. Because I was sitting at home last night trying to watch Magazine Dreams And I kept getting a bunch of phone calls and text messages and people is like, Jess Hilarious is going off on live.


Oh, we have audio. Okay. We supposed to be a team up there. Not one person. Not one person comes to my defense at all. Like when I'm like not one mother ever with this online. Come on. I've been quiet a lot. If just is quiet. It's a mother reason. I always got my mother mouth open all the time. Just ran like a high school. It is fair. East Side High. I agree with that. Fair East Side. High fair Point Before Mr. Clark though, every day and they always talk about you ain't at work. You ain't at work. Yeah. Bitch, I started picking up more shows.


Hell no. That's how I'm getting. Hell no, hell no. I have more fun outside the studio than I have in there now. Is you crazy? No. Act like now act like, act like that's not for real. Act like nobody knew that. Stop acting like y Like what part you really What you mean? We don't have your back? I have more. Break that down. Explain how we don't have your Back. Okay. All right. So the narrative, like I said, with the online ish, that's what I said. Y ain't, ain't nobody trying to clear up no narrative about nothing the ever since I came back. It was weird. Yes, it was weird. Yeah. I I at first, no, I did not. I wasn't too fond of Lauren. Nah, I wasn't too fond of her when I came back because we had a whole plan.


Even how when I, when I came back, I picked her to fill in for me. Right. I come back, she ain't ever leave then. All right, cool. Then she don't leave. But she's on only during my segment. If, if, if she was meant to be a full post, move her in another way. Why she gotta be moved in on, because nobody had a problem with just with the mess until she started reading. Right. You know what, Emini here started Right? Until she started reporting. I, I wasn't hired as a reporter. I was, I was hired as just with the mess. So she started reading and delivering details and all that stuff. Yes. Then that's when just with the Mess wasn't good enough no more. That's how it was presented. So I'm like, all right, cool. Who said that though? Who? 'cause of the S what are we talking about?


No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is, this is every, this is our listeners. This is, this is, yeah. Why can't, why can't we worry about the the comments and these are people that enjoy the show and watch the show. It is not all about Instagram. It is YouTube. It's like we have people that been watching the show. Yeah. She's great at what she did. That's why I picked her to fill in for me. But when I came back, it was, it was, it's kind of, it is like, what's going on? If she's gonna be a fourth voice, why she only gotta be a Fourth Voice. Correct. My Segment. She wasn't a fourth voice. She was a producer. She was hired as a news producer to help with getting all news and doing interviews. She was gonna be a senior News producer. Yes. She wasn't on there when you came back. Lauren was not on air. She was in the back doing questions, sending interview questions. Oh my God.


Reporting the news. Am my lying. I Thought you lying. I thought lying. My, she was on air. They told her don't step in this room. Yes, but I thought you was using her on purpose. What? You thought I was using Lauren on purpose? Yes. No. What are we talking about? No, no, no. She didn't leave. When I came back the first day, the first day we had a whole situation like, all right, look, this what's gonna happen and when it's time for us to roll it that it changed. No, the first question was about the only person who asked me about my baby maternity leave was Indy. Alright. I walked in, she addressed the, the hate and the comments. That was the first thing she addressed when I came back.


I'm like, what, what the hell would we but don't, but y'all talk. I don think I wanna talk about that. Y'all talk off air though, right? So Yeah, yeah, yeah. We we started talking off air. We started to But I'm saying even prior To you even coming back. So, so then I felt uncomfortable that first day. So I'm like, all right, look, Thea was like, all, all right, all right, well we'll just take her off air. She was back the next week. Alright, cool. Because there was a voice. They, y'all wanted her on air. There was a voice. They, you know, they wanted her there, they wanted her here. There's there's a place for Lauren in the show. Alright, cool. If there's a place for Her on show. But you wanted her, you wanted her head to go, Let's do it another way. Yeah, because You, you said you wanted to change the segment from just with the mess to the Lauren. That was eventually, eventually even when it, even when it came down to it still being called Just With the Mess.


And then I'm introducing her to introduce stories. That was pointless and it was stupid. It is. No, just with the mess. Just make it brown girl Grinding or, or Lauren with the latest or legal Lauren's legal corner. I'm giving ideas. I'm like, yo, I, I even went to tail like, yo, change her, change that. Take that just with the mess off that I feel like I'm getting credit for something I'm not doing. And it's stupid. 'cause that's, this is not, what she does is not just with the mess. I read headlines And I give commentary. I say what people thinking. I agree. Can I ask the Question though? You know what I'm saying? Yes. She's more of a reporter. She's Journalism. Ask, ask a question. What? Why didn't you wear the Durag this morning? Because Why you jokes so much, man. What You mean? I'm, It's not a dur. It's, but it's not, it's Not a joke. Not I'm Serious.


If you gonna bring it to the radio, I wanna laugh. It's not a joke. It's not a joke. It a, it is a serious issue about it. It is a serious issue now. Okay, lemme just Sit back in, watch it. 'cause I'm, you know, I'm just, I'm not Joe Clark because it's not I am actually, you're my baseball bat now. It's now envy. That's what I'm saying. No, nobody has even tried to clean up the narrative that I'm a villain man. I you not a Villain girl. You a villain. Yo. Stop acting like you don't live in them. Comments too. Charlotte. Stop acting like you don't underst understand. What do I, what do I always tell you? I say stop listening to the internet. Stop listening to the comments. Stop listening to the folks on YouTube. Don't let them trick you out your position. What you did last night is what they want you to do. And you can't let the internet win. No, but look, it's not even about what they want me to do. I did last night.


What I wanted to do, what I felt like I should have been did. I've been asking questions. The internet loves mess. And one, and one of the easiest ways to create mess is to pit people against each other, especially two women. And I don't dwell in that. And y'all know that. Yeah, but see, this is, this is the thing. You let the internet dictate what's going on. We've had conversations. And this is the thing, and this is why I thought it was corny, and it's just me personally. I thought it was corny because we have conversations up here. We just have a meeting. If you had an issue, a problem or situation or something that you felt why you ain't bringing to the team when you came back, Jess, I, I pulled you to the side. I said, Jess, if you feel uncomfortable, if you don't want Lauren in the room, this is your show. We can make that the change whenever you want.


Did I not or did I not say that to you? Yeah, you did it. It is not about wanting her in the room, yo. It's about the segment. Like it, if she was, it was like, yo, have that Conversation affair. If you had a problem, say it to us. We had A meeting yesterday. I had conversations off. And what we Talking about? Not like nobody having my back. 'cause we have your back as far as the Cory Holcomb thing. Y'all been beefing for 11 years. I'm Not lying about yo you, it's not even about you. You worried about comments and you worried about what people say after I'm worried about am my reputation gotta be on this show. They've been ising on me for 15 years. They've been ising on 15 years. That's on you. And the that people's On me. I don't let it affect me because I know who I am as a person. I don't give a f what them people saying the comments, oh, Come on. I know, know who I am. I know what I do.


I love you. Let them people get in the comments. And f with you, you are great at What you do. Everybody simmer down like you a dope. She's very dope. If you let Them people piss you off. No. After niggas, I And I tell like You nice, like what you do is funny. I tell her that all the time on air. You, you brought That energy that we needed to The Breakfast Club and you let a bitch ass person in a comment say something to scare you up. I off them niggas. We don't even know. We don't even know who these, these people are. Nigga. They Could be boxing all that. But, and, and we and, and we doing it on air when we could have did it behind the scenes like IF with you the long way. Not on some internet ish. And, and to hear that through that, that wh It sounds very light skinned. But let's go to the phones +1 800-585-1051. Let's open the phone lines. Everybody. Woo. Stop. I'm gonna get a spark Candle.


I got my candles lit. I got my candles lit. If you need me to light sage, I'll light Sage. Just wanna fight. NB Bay rage. It's The Breakfast Club. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club DJ NV Charlamagne, the guy Jess, Hilarious. Lauren la is here. We're having a conversation. 'cause Jess Hilarious went crazy on Instagram last night. And I Knew the live would upset, you know, you charlamagne, you don't get upset, whatever. But I knew that it would upset envy. I knew it would upset Lauren. That's why you closed the elevator this Morning. That's what, and that was crazy. Now what? Why would you do that, Lauren? I did. No, I, I I, I, I just, I Wanted to, they pulled up at the same time at The same time where we parked And she was in front of me.


She saw Jess. She ain't know what Jess was on. So she rushed the elevator to the elevator. You remember when, you remember when Q was on juice? And I I hit the button one time and, and this, this was why I heard the button though. It was like I said, I felt like I didn't know what to say to you because I was so thrown off by the be by parts of that live yesterday. I'm like, bro, we be talking at least like, we don't gotta be friends outside of here. But I feel like I've always said to you off air whenever things have happened, we've had conversations about a lot of different things. We can, let's talk, call me. What's up? What's, what's the issue? What's going on? Yo the issue is the whole narrative. Like I understand after comments and yeah, after people and all that, but it's not all about them.


It's how I'm feeling too. What if I'm feeling the same way the people feel, you know what I'm saying? So what, because niggas online feel a certain way. I can't si I can't. I feel the same way they feel about it. Call me and curse me out. Call me and curse them out. Done that. Yes you do. Like I've done that. You Know what Emini here. But I think there's a bigger issue sometimes too because I feel like, all right, you'll call him, you'll cuss him out. We might talk about different situations, but I think a lot of times if there's an issue for real, for real, and then it don't be no movement in here. It's like there's an issue outside and then there's no movement in here. And then we just all in here. Like he, he hot. Like you're doing a lot of it right now. You laughing and joking, but for real, for real. You know that there's, she's up here crying.


Nothing about that is funny. Like there's real issues and real problems and we don't really get to the gist of it Ever. I want the record to show I see Jess cry a lot, so It doesn't matter if you see her cry A thousand times. Why all always man about you? See you cry a lot. I'm not even talking to y I'm not, I say I'm not talking to y'all. See, because when I try to be serious and talk, you see what I'm saying? You should be out here. Do me, I'm Gonna mind my, what I'm saying is, is that I think at this moment, because this is east side, high, west side, whatever high we gonna be. We here and we together. So we gotta figure this out. And it, it's not, everything's not a joke. And I can understand some of where you was coming from, but bro, part of that live I thought was crazy. I'm like, what Jess? Like, yeah. What What parts did you think was Crazy? But yeah, what part? Because like, it, it is not like you didn't hear it.


Anything in that live that I haven't said to you. I heard a lot that you didn't say to me in person. Okay, so what, what part have I not, did I not say to you? Okay, so the part about the, the talking over each other and the hush Be quiet. 'cause you talk about how you feel in real time, right? Yeah. I'm feeling in real time. That be quiet. That was crazy. Is crazy. The the shut up. I was like, oh, okay. Because what we really giving up here, like, what's up? Okay,


Prohibition, it's no secret that banning alcohol didn't stop people from living it up. In the 1920s When we're five years into prohibition, the government is starting to go, okay, this isn't working. In fact, you might even say it backfired spectacularly, I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu we're taking you back to the 1920s and the tale of formula six, because what you probably don't know about prohibition is that American citizens were dying in massive numbers due to poisoned liquor. And all along, an unlikely duo was trying desperately to stop the corruption behind it. They Were like superhero crusaders turning the page on a system that didn't work, wasn't fair and was corrupt. So how did prohibition's war on alcohol go so off the rails that the government wound up poisoning its own people to find out, listen and subscribe to snafu on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Well, this podcast might be keeping you from being distracted. Here's something to level up your focus. I'm am Amanda Ember, host of the podcast How I Work. It's a show where I interview some of the world's most successful people and uncover how exactly they construct their days from how to combat a scrolling addiction to morning rituals and productivity hacks. We explore how some of the best stay disciplined and manage their time effectively, where ambition meets inspiration. Search for how I work on the free iHeart app or in whatever podcast app you're listening to,


Right? But you but, but I didn't, none of that was said. You didn't say anything about that. And then, and then when I pulled you into the office with our EP with Eddie, the convers, the first thing I said to you was just, we fighting for airtime. And it shouldn't be like that. I wanna know what, what can I do better as a producer? What can we do better as the two women sitting right here next to each other to make sure that don't happen? Because it doesn't look good. It's not gonna play well for either one of us. I literally, swear to God, I don't even remember you saying that. And That's exactly why I had Eddie in the room or ep. I Don, I don had the conversation. I don I never heard that Because the, When you've pulled me to the side a few times to ask me, you know, are you okay? How do you feel like about the stories and things like that? You've never said what you just said to me. Now. Now, listen, I, I have said hush.


Shut up. Like, yo, you overtalk. And I, like I said, I'm not about to be up here fighting for no mic. Like, I'm not doing that if I already got the job. Like, what, what am I doing? Like I'm not, it is four voices. So three of us are very opinionated. You know what, Emini here, me, you and Charlamagne. I'm not saying Vy don't got no opinion, but he don't jump in every single time there's dead air. You know what I'm saying? When you, you overtalk, and it's like the only time you can quiet down is somebody be like, shut up or hush My mind. Don't even tell me. Shut up, Jess. I'm a grown ass woman. And I understand you. You could have said that. And I on air right then and there, or right after you saying, you pulled me in. Officer shut up, pulled me. Nobody tell me that. Because the way that I do things when it comes to my job and my career, that's not what we on. And I told you from the jump, I was never gonna give that to you.


Okay? Ever. And I did. I did. I not, our first conversation, I said, if I ever have an issue with you, I'm gonna handle it in a way where we can get through a conversation because we grown. And regardless, you don't gotta love me. You don't gotta like me. But we here together. I'm Here. And listen, like I said earlier, the internet loves mess. Yes. You are here. And one of the easiest ways to create message, to pick women against each other, And you're here because of an opportunity that die extended regardless of like, that's, yeah. No, no, no. I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not sitting here. Like, you don't deserve to be here. I'm not sitting here like, you're not here, you're not going anywhere. That's not, that's first and foremost. Let's get that. It may be my delivery or whatever, but yeah, you are here. I ain't never say you shouldn't be here. I I said from the whole jump.


Yeah, DY do the job Great. She's amazing. That's why I want it to be her segment Pushed for that. I think all that, I think, I think y'all can work very well together. And once again, you gotta stop letting the internet pitch y'all against each other. I know the internet has created a narrative versus, versus Then that's what it is. It Beyond it goes. And that's what I'm trying to say is the internet is there, we see it. We, none of us can ignore it. I saw that Cory thing two weeks ago, a week ago. We didn't say nothing about it, but Y'all clip up. Everything else wanna clip. But I'm not, I don't like you or I, I'm, I'm hating on a They said I don no ppp. That's true. That's, that's different. Now, come on. The Last time I attempted to do that, Jess, it went so bad that I said I'm wasn't gonna do it again.


Attempted to do What? I don't dislike you. You don't dislike me. The day you came back, the day you came back. That's what my intentions. And, and we talked about it's Women's the way I month when I, when I did come back along, you have to admit, that ish was crazy the way we, we had a setup. We had something going, we we had a whole nother plan. It, it went left. You came in here and it is like, you did something totally different. And I feel, I feel, feel like the first thing that you spoke to was, was the things in the comments. I feel Like we behind talking behind this scenes meeting on air, which is kind of cool. But we, I let's go to commercial or something and then come back. Well, thing the Phone. We need a resolution, bro. We'll, we'll take some phone calls, but like, I'm, I'm resolution based and not argument based.


So let's resolve this. Boy, Shut up. You the number one be raised person. You ain't never came up with a resolution. I solution raised life coming out. Well, I just wanna say it's women's History. My just wanna let You know, I wanna say, Jess, what you feeling? We fill it together. And when, when that the other thing happened that I called you about, I said that to you. What was the other thing? Oh, you don't wanna say the The academics thing. Hmm. And I want you to know I tweet, I responded To, To, to me, it's just lead. And I And I And I responded to that on Twitter. I didn't send it to you. I didn't feel like I had to, but I did Got to stay. But I called you about it. The comments, stop listening to the Comments. Let, let me talk, let me, In real life, we love everybody. Y'all love each other. This can work. It Will work. It will work. What I'm no, because this is you. What I'm saying.


Don't, I'm joking, I'm joking of the topic. And now it's the problem. 'cause we're talking about exactly what I'm saying is, is that this will work, but sometimes this might have to happen. And it's happening with love because I, when Jess, when I saw Jess crying, I came in here because I care about, you have to be okay for all of this to be okay. And I'm a producer. At the end of the day, you my talent. We gonna be gonna be straight. Everything's gonna be fine. Let's, let's take some calls and we'll come right back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you want to talk, you wanna discuss, of course. Lauren's here. Jess. Here. I'm here. Charlemagne's here. Let's have a conversation. We're Queer. All right? Yeah. It's for You. Not too much. Some good song, Brad. Finally, some production up here. Stop acting like this is a goddamn high school. Okay? That is the one thing Jess said.


That's absolutely true. Y'all running this thing like a mother f in high school. You smoke don't. If you need me to be Joe Clark, I will be Joe Clark. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Somebody get coming a back Morning, Everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's D ej, NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the God Lauren LaRosa. Let's get to the latest with Laura Lauren becoming the street fast Man. She gets them from Somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the, the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me.


All right. So yesterday Monique posted to her Instagram an open letter to Tyler Perry. Now this open letter comes in response to Tyler Perry speaking at Angie Stone's funeral and calling out the industry for taking Angie Stone's money and asking where is her money? So she starts the letter off and saying, you know, we would like to give our heartfelt condolences to Angie Stone's family and friends Sister Angie. We stand on the soldiers of our elders and ancestors like you. So she's pairing her respects to Angie Stone first. Then she addresses Tyler Perry. She says, dear Tyler Perry, I recently watched your heartfelt speech at Angie Stone's funeral, where you express frustration over her mistreatment by the music industry. It struck me in my husband Sydney, but also made us reflect on some unsettling discrepancies in your actions towards me.


Number one, you express anger over Angie's mistreatment, yet you labeled me difficult to work with despite never having worked with me. How can you condemn poor treatment of others when you've imposed the same on me? We have audio admitting you were wrong. Number two, you asked, where's the money she's owed? Well, where's my public apology that you promised in 2016? The false narrative you perpetuated helped blackball me, costing me tens of millions. Where is the restitution for that? Number three, you mentioned you're being tired of us not receiving the benefits we deserve, yet you asked me to promote Precious for free without a contract or compensation, which highlights your double standard. And number four, you said, we should be careful in how we treat the children of God.


As a man of faith, where's your responsibility to act with love and truth? You promised me an apology years ago, but it's yet to come. Unlike the music industry, which you rightly criticized, we have audio documentation of your actions shouldn't you be held accountable to? And then she closed it out. She mentioned Mark 8 36, what will, what will a profit a man to gain the whole world, but lose his soul? We wait. Your, we await your response with love and respect, Monique and Sydney. Where's Monique from Baltimore? One thing about ladies from Baltimore, they gonna take it to the internet. Okay. Every single time. You ain't even gotta worry about it. They going to bring it to the, to the internet. I thought they squashed that though. Or am I tripping? No, it was never Squashed. Was Daniel between her and Tyler Par?


Yeah, her and Lee Daniels. That's the iCal. Yeah. Following a funeral Emini here. Like, I, I don't That was a funeral post. Yeah. Yeah. I think the timing, I get what she was trying to do and you know, she full away, she could feel away, but the timing and like what she used to come into the conversation, I think I was like, man, that wasn't the lane for that at all. Emini here. But would, would there ever be a right time? Because you know, that wouldn't somebody, the good guys, but the good brother Tyler Perry said it at a funeral. Mm. So she, even if she referenced it a month or two from now, it would still be what he said at the funeral. Yeah, but she just, they just laid it rest a couple of days ago. Yeah. So it's coming from a funeral post that's, that's Diabolical. And then she put it in.


She did. She got the, the condolences that she's given in the same post as her kind of still challenge and Tyler. Damn. So Where is he had on a silk, silk scoff when she wrote that letter too? It was like a, a a, a silk, first of all. What You're talking about? My scarf that I worn live last night. So What are you talking about? No, you need to relax. I'm just saying what the word is. I don know. Does that still look good In The scarf sources? Say sources say, I don't know, Whatever. Well, yeah. All right, so next we're gonna move to yesterday. Alright, Penny, what's wrong with you? Why you get so frazzled? Just man, I wasn't frazzled. I'm trying to make sure my next story is good. Oh, okay. Because we didn't know that we've been all over the place this morning. We kind of didn't know where we was going at one point.


So yesterday, Oh God, You weren't over there. Yes. Muscle hit. So yesterday, on, on Instagram, young MA's ex-girlfriend Oh yeah. Posted a video of Young Ma And in this video Young Ma is like visibly weak. There's like IVs in her arm and people were like, why would you post this? She Was sick. Sick. She was like near death. Like she was really sick. That was this week. She was sick. No, she was sick months. Remember when Young May Was going through All that stuff? Got you, got you, got you. Yeah. So in the video you see young may, you know, her eyes are yellow. There's IVs as I mentioned. And her ex posted it saying that, you know, this was during one of the youngest points of young in MA's life and her career.


Lowest points and lowest points. Lowest points. I'm sorry. Yes. Lowest points in young in MA's life. What did I say? Youngest points, Sorry. Lowest points in young in MA's life. And the ex-girlfriend was talking about how she had to te step in as the role of the caretaker as young M ma battled all these health issues. But then their relationship fell apart because of jealousy and control issues and all these things. Right? So young in May 'cause people were like, Emini here. Even if y'all didn't work out, why would you post this? This is, yeah, you don't do that. That's Not cool. If you helped her during that time. You Excuse me. Yo. What? How dare you? No, yo, I'm not really post nobody on it. Excuse me. Like, come on now. That's crazy. That's crazy word. Well, young inmate had to come online and respond.


Let's take a listen. Emini here. I know y'all see this video going on, going around on the blogs. Somebody I, you know, once upon a time was with posting me in the hospital at a vulnerable moment. Something that I've owned already. It's been two years. That was two years ago. You know what, Emini here, I had an unfortunate situation in my life and I got sick. You know what Emini here, I'm, I'm a human. We go through things, we make mistakes. You feel me? I just didn't expect this person to do that. But you know, it is what it is. I don't even know what to say. All I could do is let God handle it. Just move in with God. Man, I just, I just feel like that was just so foul though. I don't, I don't even know how a person can have the urge or willing to want to even do something like that. That just speaks a lot.


And I, I just never knew this was her character. That's crazy. So what, what did she do? What was the point? Like, what was she trying to convey with that message of even putting those old videos out of her being sick? Well, What I took, did She cheat or like, what did Young may cheat on Shortie. Like what, What I took from it is like, maybe she is upset about however their broke out, their breakup and their fallout happened. And I don't know, it seemed ran because it, it was just so, she was like, I held you down. She was like, I held you down nowhere. I wiped you All that. I cleaned you up. You couldn't even wipe yourself. Like it was one of them things. But I feel like, you know, like if a person is at that point in their life where you have to do all that, regardless of how y'all fall out afterward. Don't I don expose that?


I wouldn't Even be able to sit with myself. She tried To embarrass young men. That's what she tried to do. Wouldn't Be able to suit myself. Something like that. Well that is the latest for the hour. Okay. The latest with Lauren. Yes. I think, you know, we should take some phone calls from the listeners. 'cause like, you know, like I said earlier, you said you wanted a resolution, right? Yeah. Resolution of course. Yeah. See what the listeners think. See what the resolution should be. Okay. Alright. So no donkey, to be honest with you, I didn't prepare a donkey this morning 'cause I was, you know, too busy laughing. You know, Lauren's running from Justin in the elevator and you know, you and you. That's Not, she was trying to hurry up and close it. Get on. Let's not, not running, but because In these hills, baby, it wasn't, oh no, I had my slippers on this morning. It was a Little awkward. They pulled up together.


Awkward this morning. It was very awkward. Lauren gotta the elevator first she saw Bishop behind us and you started hitting the elevator press the closed door. Okay. She got on the elevator, got B meme, the little kinky boots comes in here. She was like, Uhuh envy, kinky boots over there steaming. 'cause you know he gonna keep things on his chest until somebody pulls it off. No. So Jess was like, get it off your chest. So he got it off his chest. So, you know, now we back settled and you Have no feelings whatsoever. I could care less. You just so unbothered. Yeah. You know me. No, I don't d Well they do. Right? And you working with me for 15 years. Okay. Unmoved. Unbothered. All right. I love And I genuinely, do y'all know that? I think both of y'all know. I genuinely love both of y'all. We know. I think y'all, I think y'all know that. Okay.


Just, okay. She like, yeah. Right. Just know, just know me longer than Lauren. Just know I love her. Okay. We got 10 years in. All right. Yeah. So, yes. Yeah. Alright, well, whatever. We'll take your calls when we come back. 805 8. And I love live 1 0 5 1. Y'all love me Sometimes, bro. Ooh, sometimes. Sometimes Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren on the Roasters here as well. Charlamagne usually does Donkey of the day here. But I didn't prepare it. It was too much going on this morning. You know what Emini here because of a young lady named Jessica Robin Moore.


Okay. And you need to answer the for me Obama too. Oh Yeah. Yes. I call her leaving. Okay. But you know, we just having some family discussions up here on the radio this morning. That's all. Yep. And we're taking your phone calls. Hello? Who's this? My name is Key calling from Your phone. Sounds so crazy. Can you take us off Bluetooth or, or speaker or whatever you got us on. Kay. Hear me? I Can hear you now. Good morning. Yes. This is key calling from Atlanta. Hey, good morning. What's your thoughts? Okay, so first of all, I always started back listening to the show because of Jess. Good. Congratulations on your baby. Jess. Good. Thank You baby. From the get go. Yes. The whole situation has been awkward. Y'all not gonna sit up here and play Jess.


Like she didn't come back from maternity leave and have somebody in her seat that just would not get up. Or y'all didn't even address the situation. Like, okay, we got somebody new, we gonna introduce on top of Jess. She came back and the girl took a left. How's she supposed to feel? Well, you don't know the whole story. Tell her you wanna fill in some blanks, Jess, I wanna fill in Blanks. Oh no, I was just gonna say number one, just picked Lauren. Yes. Yesterday when I'm on maternity leave, I want Lauren And then, you know, like, fill me in. But, but even when I say that, it's like, I don't want it to come off like, oh, the only reason that she's even, you know, you know what I'm saying? Like, I just don't wanna seem like I'm being being, but, But, but you did make a choice.


And also Yeah, I, I did. But you, it just, it was just weird. You know what I'm saying? How, when I came back, like this young lady just said, when I came back, it was just like, alright, if, if, if she's expected to be the fourth host or whatever, yo, let's bring her in. Or let's create her own segment. Let's legitimately do it. Let's, let's officiate it. You feel me? Like why is it only when I gotta talk or when I, you know, on my segment and things like that. You know, it could have been done a whole nother way. It could have been bought to me while I was even on maternity leave. That we, that we wanted to bring her in permanently to be on the show. Not, not just the producer. I don't think, I don't think we, I don't know. I don't think we, we even came to that conclusion yet.


She was supposed to be the four She wasn Lauren was supposed to be, from The time y'all auditioned, we, Jess was gonna be the host. Lauren was gonna be the senior news producer. Yes. That was always the plan. You know, when you came back from maternity leave and Lauren was here as the senior news producer when you started to bring her in to do some of the litigious, litigious stuff. Yeah. The Court, the court things. Yes. I Thought the segment was just evolving naturally. Like I thought y'all were having those conversations. Y'all was putting that together. I didn't know it was an issue. But in real time, are you realizing that like, there possibly, not possibly, but there should have been some more guidelines laid out. Like structured stuff. Yeah. Once everybody figured out exactly what it is they wanted to do. Yeah. But I think even if like, 'cause for me as the person that, like, I'm watching all this in real time, I know, just feels a way I, I don't know what's happening either.


I was also like, okay, what's happening? But I was just going with the flow, but I felt like going with the flow made, it kind of like, was like, like, like when you got a bruise and you keep touching it, so it's like you, it's, it's hurting more. And then we just, not talking about it, but like, I didn't know what else to do because we ain't talking about it. And That's, and we figuring it out. And when I realized you didn't know what was going on either because we had a conversation. That's when I told you my anger is misplaced. Like, I'm, I'm mad at her when I shouldn't be mad at her. Like, and it was made to look like that from the jump. And it was just like, it was no coming back from even when I like being started being cool with her, like, oh, you know what, nah, she, you know, and she's help, she's helpful and she helps with questions, with interviews and all of that helps conduct the, like, the news and the details and stuff.


I'm like, all right. But it's still no communication. Now I'm just cool with her, but we still don't know what's going on. I agree. So it, it is just, it's just weird. It is being in a weird space with it. Well how do we resolve this? 'cause we, we gotta get it to AJ and Tressa. I think we figuring it out in real time. You know what I'm saying? But I do want Justin Lauren to know that I think when it comes to that latest with Lauren segment, they can work together and just, you know, you are the third co-host for the Breakfast on The Breakfast Club for a reason. And we are going to continue to restructure this show and, you know, turn this show in what it needs to be so you can really get your stuff. And you know, we, we've had these conversations all day And I think that was Part of the meetings that we've been having behind the scenes that we've been talking about.


And, and making sure that everybody feels comfortable. Everybody see is seen. Everybody's heard. That's what I think part of those conversations were, We're having. And I think, And I think y'all both got scrims, you know, like what, what Jess does. Lauren don't do what Lauren Lauren does, just don't do. And I think that compliments, you know, I think y'all compliment each other very, very, very, very well. And I think both of y'all can have so much success on this show. But we got to stop letting the internet dictate how we move. Cannot listen to the comments, cannot listen to these on YouTube creating these narratives. 'cause they gonna p each other. They gonna pitch y'all against each other every chance they get. And I, I tell they can't no more. But I, But I, but I told that to Jess And I told that to Lauren And I tell that to anybody up here. They try to pit me and Charlemagne against each other. 1,000,001 times they will try.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You just hunt me more. But they try as much as possible. But they will try, they'll try to pit y'all two against each other. They'll try to pit me and you against each other. Jess. They'll try to put Jess and Charlemagne. That's what the internet does. They, half the time, I don't even think it's a face. But we can't let those people online dictate what we do. Like f those people. Like we, we, we gotta we gotta really just open our arms to, to the people that support us, that love us, that love listening to us, that enjoy that know the show. The rest of these people just gonna poke just for their, That's why I love having this conversation today on the radio. And I, I I, in a way, what Jess did last night, I get it. And now all the awkwardness is gone. It's all out in the oven. It's all out on French Street. You can't use that against us no more. Alright. Yeah.


Alright. Well when we come back, AJ Johnson and Tressa Smallwood will be joining us. They have a a, a new show on the BET plus. It's called Fighting To Be Me. The DW Curry story. We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. It's a movie. Movie. It's a movie. Oh, a movie. I'm sorry. See, she knows that she, I met DW Curry yesterday. She was here. Okay. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa here for Jess. And we got some special guests joining us this morning. We have AJ Johnson. She's back. Good morning. Good Morning. And We have Tressa Smallwood. Welcome. Good morning Everyone. How you feeling this morning?


Ladies? Fantastic. Listen, I'm in New York. It is cold as I don't know what, but I'm here. It ain't that bad. If you'd came a week ago, it would've been like 30, 20 degrees. It's, well, You know, when you're bouncing between LA and Africa, anything under 70 is like, I'm not going outside. Okay. Last time I saw you was in Ghana. Yes. But, but you living there now? Well, I was back and forth then. Oh, you just didn't know it. 'cause it was December and everybody was hanging out. Okay. But I've been back and forth living and working since 2019. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. And I know that you guys are here to talk about fighting to me the DW Curry story. Yes. And Trus, I know you're new to the platform. I wanna introduce yourself in mega My media, what you do. Yes, absolutely. So I'm Trista Zare Smallwood. I'm CEO of Make Mind Media an independent movie production company that's making our own way in the industry.


So where DEI gets cut. We don't get cut. There you Go. There you go. And I, Who is Dwayne Curry for the people who aren't Familiar? Dwayne Curry. Yeah. You Wanna, you, you have a close relationship with dne. Well, DNE DW is a very well renowned and respected Hollywood stylist from the nineties. And honestly, not only is he known for styling celebrities like Lisa Ray and Yo-Yo and Missy Elliot. He was one of my first stylists when I right after house party when I hit. But you know, in the nineties, you know, being gay and, and, and being in that world wasn't necessarily as accepted as it is now. And so, Dwayne looking for love and acceptance turned to a life of crime. Wow. And so, yeah. And so in all of that celebrity and, and, and Alkalde, he became a convicted felon for credit card fraud.


And so now she in trans, in the trans community is now an advocate, has done time and is trying to teach the more visible community in the LGBTQ plus, you know, how to survive and, and thrive actually without it being criminal. Right. He, He, he's trans. He's she's trans, Right? Trans, Yes. Trans. And and to be clear, you know, a lot of people are trying to figure out fully trans in terms of having the sexual, you know, assignment. No, but she is, she is trans. But not without the sexual, without the assignment. That's Right. Now I gotta, I gotta ask, you attended and you graduated Spelman Yeah. In Atlanta. Now you're also a member of Delta Sigma Theta Have been for years Now.


You heard when we were talking about the, the, the young man that lost his life by Hazing. I'm so glad you're bringing this up. Go ahead. Haing Wanted you to break that down. We were talking about should they still be doing hazing at this point? Okay. How much time we got? Go ahead. We have time because Okay. Let's know your rank as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So let's start with the fact that I pledged at 17, one of the youngest undergraduate pledges at Spelman at the time. And then through my, my stay at Spelman, I became vice president of the chapter, which then gives me dean of pledges as, as a new, when the new line comes in and d of probates, the difference between those is D of pledges is you, you bring the new pledges in and see them through the process. D of probates means you carry them through the end of the process because it's a, it's a process.


And so having those two positions, I can comfortably say that hazing is a personal thing. It's not an organization thing. When I say that, meaning if you've been hazed before and you want to interject that on a new pledge, that's a personal thing. My pledge period was no walk in the park. It was not. And so one of the reasons I wanted to become deem pledges is to say that's not necessary. And again, we're talking about undergraduate pledging. So when you are 25 and 26 and you're no longer even in the school, and you're still coming back to be part of the pledge period, that's also a personal thing. Like, what are you missing? And why are you coming back to inflict possibly deadly fatal force?


Hmm. If you're in the institution and you're a member of the chapter nine times outta 10, you're being raised in the way that the chapter is being raised. And so nowadays, hazings not allowed. So again, I'm still going to, there's something personal, a personal vendetta that, that somebody's exercising in that. But, You know, sometimes people will say that the graduate people that's that's in the fraternity of sorority are not looked as the same as the people that actually quote unquote pledged Grad chapter. Grad chapter. Chapter. Correct. Well, that's true. And then we also, some organizations in the D nine also have honorary members. Now, what I say as having pledged is what's most important to me is the union and the comradery of me having had line sisters, some of my best friends to this day as, as separate as our lives have gone.


Kids, no kids teacher, I'm in Hollywood, we're still connected because we helped each other through a, a trying process as we were teenagers. You're not getting that in in graduate and you're dad, you're definitely not going through that when you're in an, when you're an honorary. An honorary. So I think we have to value an undergrad. We have to value the truth of the process and know that it doesn't have to be physically abusive, especially when it can be fatal. All right. We got more with AJ Johnson and Tressa Smallwood when we come back. Fighting To Be Me, the DW Corey story. The movie on BET plus. We'll talk to the more it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne. The guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We're still kicking it with AJ Johnson and Tressa Smallwood, the new movie, Fighting To Be Me. The DW Curry story is out right now. Charlamagne, What's this role preparing you for next? You know, I've always wanted to do Flo Jo's story. Ooh, Yeah, I've been hearing about that forever. Yeah. And so somebody had to Write to it. I forgot who had it. Yeah, I, I can't Remember if they, we have to go back to that. 'cause John Singleton And I were gonna, we're trying to do it right after Baby Boy. And then, you know, it just, he, his, his focus shifted and we just didn't get it done. But again, not even just the biopic of the athlete, but just the life of an athlete at that time and what it took to be so great and to still be a woman and to, to, to be so courageous in her fashion.


It's like what we know, you know, we, we see Serena doing it. We see other women doing it, but Flo Jo started it. And so I like those kind of stories of let's let's know who we, where we come from. That's the other side. I, I like going back into our history so that people don't think it's just happening. You know, we are, we are, we, we got a bad history behind us And I wanna tell those stories too. Yeah. It was, I think Tiffany had, I feel like Tiffany had Tiffany. Tiffany. She, yeah, she, well, she was supposed to play, she was starring and producing in a buy APIC about Flo Joe. I don't know what happened though. And then I didn't hear Anything else after probably 'cause I'm supposed to do it. That Was back in 20. Or me and Tiffany or me and Tiffany Emini here again. It's collaboration. Yeah. So Emini here, I don't know, but that's what I'm saying. Emini here. I, I want to get that story done.


She was very instrumental. FlowJo Emini here was very instrumental when I was little in my work ethic, you know, and just, you know, taking care of my body. And so my physical existence now is a large result of her Question. What like, would you ever do a story about Polygamy Prohibition? It's no secret that banning alcohol didn't stop people from living it up. In the 1920s, When we're five years into prohibition, the government is starting to go, okay, this isn't working.


In fact, you might even say it backfired spectacularly, I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu, we're taking you back to the 1920s and the tale of formula six. Because what you probably don't know about prohibition is that American citizens were dying in massive numbers due to poisoned liquor. And all along, an unlikely duo was trying desperately to stop the corruption behind it. They Were like superhero crusaders turning the page on a system that didn't work, wasn't fair and was corrupt. So how did prohibition's war on alcohol go so off the rails that the government wound up poisoning its own people to find out, listen and subscribe to snafu on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Need something to level up while you juggle work and life. I'm Dr. Am Imba, an organizational psychologist and the host of the podcast, how I Work. It's a show where I interview some of the world's most successful people who share their unique tactics, routines and strategies for balancing work, family, and personal growth. How I work will give you practical tips to turbocharge your career and your life. Search for how I work on the free iHeart app or in whatever podcast app you are listening to,


But being, being the woman who has Who dibble in it. Yeah. Yeah. Are you dabble, dabble with? Yeah. How is that? Amazing. Oh, amazing. But I'll tell you, Him stealing your thunder though. Neil think he the guy now. Well he, you know, listen, He lit. He could have the thunder because he's Doing for a whole different reason. Lemme let me say this since we're bringing it up. My, my space in it honestly is because since I've been exposed to different cultures and different religious and spirit practices around The World, my thing is I haven't, I haven't found a lot of men in America who are really appealing to me. Spiritually, physically, emotionally, mentally.


So my thing is, I've got the athlete that I hang out with. I've got the spirit that I pray with. You know, I've got the person that's adventurous that I travel with. So it's more lifestyle Right. Than it is the sexual connection for me. It's, it's more like I'm not in a relationship. So I have more than one man I spend time with. So whatever you don't get over here, you could get here. Here. Yeah. Here. Now my, my soul is actually monogamous. Okay. But because I can't find that, I don't stop. Did did you decide to di dibble dabble in poly Polygamy after that breakup you mentioned that took you to Africa? Or it was before that? Before that. Okay. Years ago. It was before that. Wow. Okay. It was way before that. And so me having a relationship after that was me trying monogamy again.


And a large part of me was bored. You know, intellectually I was bored again, I wanna travel The World. I wasn't finding a lot of African American men who are building their lives to do that. I even say now when I meet men, I say, you know, I carry five currencies on any given day. How many currencies do you have? Oh, okay. God dang. And that's not a flex. That's it. But it's intimidating. Oh, for sure. See here we go with that intimidating Amex can go anyway. An Amex. Yeah, but Emini here. Think about in the pandemic when the, when the American passport couldn't get us outta here. Right. That's real. I gotta leave you 'cause I gotta I got another passport. I got other currencies. Even without the passport.


I wasn't even a dual citizen until 2022. In 2020 I went to three different countries because I had cash. I was prepared. I tell you, I got the email right. So I had cash in the currency. So Emini here again, this is just my life, right. It's not like I'm trying to say I don't want an American man. I'm just saying my, my international life, my global options take me into different cultures. And it would Be cool if that man had the same just on the other side. If he had a woman for this, a woman for that woman for that, and you for traveling. As long as he's okay with me doing the same thing, we're gonna have fun. I'm, I'm not wild with mine. I'm not, it's not something that I promote because it's not about that. Yeah. It's, it's about me making sure that I'm full and what that means as a global woman.


Global woman. I know. I hear. I know that. Right. Listen Again, she is intimidating. Don't. So here, here's a question. Here's a question real quick for you two. So I know, I know you have women, but how do you feel about that woman perspective? Would, would you allow it? No. Would you allow It? Allow, I don't know what, how can you stop a woman from doing what she want to do with, but how Do you feel comfortable with, would you be Comfortable? Would you stay with your wife? No. No. I wouldn't Emini here. I would, I wouldn't personally. No. Can you tell me why? I'm too insecure. Okay. That's fair. That's Fair. I want my woman name. I'm glad woman. That's very, I'm so proud of you. I like it. Look At eyebrows exploring why it's for the same part of, part of it is probably for what Envy said.


But you wouldn't Just say that out loud. Most are insecure. No, I guess we would have to married 23. I've been married for 28, 23. Yeah. I've known my wife, my woman for 26 years. But I guess we would have to have the conversation like, 'cause you said you have all of these different guys for different things. Right? So what is it that I'm not fulfilling that? Right. That I think that conversation has to happen first. Yeah. To decide To see what it is. Yeah. See, I love that. But if it, but if it's something that you can't fulfill or you're not interested in, do you feel like she's supposed to acquiesce and compromise? Or are there concessions? There's that, that, that compromise versus concession. My, my, my devotion Or do you feel like there's concessions that can be made so that you're both happy and fulfilled? That's tough man.


You all have been in long-term relationships. Mountain valleys. Yeah. Mountains and valleys. No relationship is perfect of course. But you know, for me, I started my career so young that trying to find that kind of relationship in Hollywood, you know, I wanted it. I couldn't find it. You know, at that time, everybody that could have been a potential partner, we were all trying to get our foot in the door. And so whether it's athlete, producer, director, talent, it wasn't happening for me like that. But I still wanted my life. So it's not so much, I wanna make sure it's clear, even for the people. Listen, it's like, it's not like I'm just saying I want more than one man. That's why I said my heart and my soul is monogamous. Yeah. But if I can't have that, then what do I do?


That's fair. Like, until you get it. Yeah. Because we found a couple of potentials for you, but then we had to boot 'em out. Yeah. Is it tough because you're aj like you, you are, they see you and it's like, oh shoot, I watched now they asked you movie credits and things behind the scenes that you Don't know. Well, that, you know what? I'll tell you, it, it helps dating internationally because a lot of the international men don't know, or they don't really care because they're of a certain financial status themselves. A certain social status themselves. And so I'm, I like where you be hanging out. Listen, okay, we, we gotta travel boo. We gotta travel. And so it's not important to their culture, you know? Got you. And so, you know, they acknowledge it and they respect it. But we're not connecting on that, that level. We're connecting more on spiritual level on what are we doing for the country.


Right. Which is where I'm at in, in my own self. Go ahead. There you have it. Well thank you again to AJ Johnson and Trestle Smallwood for joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The latest with Lauren. This is up next, The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy. And now it is time for the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight, She gets them from somebody that Knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on you. The latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. So Wendy Williams. You remember that judge that was upset at her? Lisa Soko Sokolov. Yes. That judge, it's being reported by. The son has agreed to allow Wendy Williams to move from the secured memory unit to a better, more, I guess like less restrictive unit where she's staying. So, you know, Wendy has been there for the past, almost like almost a year at this point. And she's been in a very secured situation. So she was asking for less restrictions. That judge was upset because Wendy was talking in the media and you know, just doing different things. And now the judges is agreeing. So there's some movement over there. People are, you know, wanting to know what's going on.


It seems like it's a movement. And she look good leaving court too. Mm. Talked to the cameras, the camera said, did things go your way today? She said they did. Thank You. Emini. Here. When was that? When, when did they have that court date? Monday. Oh, okay. Yes. 'cause Monday, you know, Wendy's able to be a little bit more looser. So she went out to eat and she, she invited us to come eat. I didn't eat, but I popped in. I Did. The food was so good. Yeah, I, I popped in Emini here. It was cool. It was cool to catch up with. Catch up with Wendy. I think it was more cool to see how The World reacts to Wendy. Like when I walked in, the girl was like, I had said the name of the reservation with Gina. She was like, are you here with Wendy? And I was like, yeah. And then like, I don't know, just, just being there and seeing it in person and meeting her in person.


'cause I'd never met her in person 'cause they wouldn't let me in. Yeah. Her where she staying at? I was like, dang. This is Wendy Williams. She Do act like somebody who just got out prison though. Emini here. She was hungry. Yeah. The way she was eating was kind of crazy. Emini here. Like that was, it was kind of crazy. But it's 'cause she can't take nothing back to where she stay. That's, she doesn't have a microwave. That's or Anything like that's, I was she even allowed to go out to dinner though. They're allowing her to do more stuff like that because Alex, her niece is here. All right. Well was here. So you know, she can move around a little bit with family, but it's just very like, there's like of course restrictions still. But yeah. So she's slowly getting back around to it. So shout out to Wendy and all the food that she can eat now. Yes. That's it. That's all I got. Well we got the People's Choice Mix up next Envy will be doing the People's Choice mix.


So 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I don't even know why I'm giving you the phone number 'cause it's not like you taking requests. So it's The Breakfast Club. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Charlemagne de God, DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious Envy left. Yeah, he did. He went to North Oak to get honored. Exactly. Yeah. Supposed to get honored. Lemme tell. Yes, he walked Lover. He left. Like, see I completely forgot about that. Y'all play so much. You know what's crazy? My high school in Delaware, they used to call us East Side High. See, in Real life, I just keep ending up at East Side High. They told me NV left because he was mad. He was mad by him and Jeff. No.


Even when Lauren first came here, you said you better know what school. I don't go there. I'm like you the new you the knew student, you were the newer student You be. You don't know the lyric. You got the Train, graduated, Left, play the song. Right. You better know that. You bet that if you gonna be in this high school, you better know the lyrics that are FA East Side. You don't know FA East Side. Nope. Gimme suspension. Let me take a couple days. God damn. Your wig do look like you smoke crack. Well listen. Oh my God, when we come back, we got the positive noted more The sames way. It's crazy. It that's crazy. It's The Breakfast Club. Yeah. Mr. World's more Dangerous Morning show. Charlemagne to God. Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy. Envy's not here. He left. But me and Jess is still here.


You got shows this weekend, Jess? I do. I got shows in Cincinnati, Ohio at The Funny Bone. We got two on Friday and two on Saturday. And I am doing meet and greet after the last show on each day. So make sure you get your tickets, man.


And also I need a videographer in Cincinnati, Ohio. So reach out to the DM or the email that's connected to my Instagram page. Y'all, I can't wait to see y'all. That's right. And listen, I wanna remind y'all too, man, make sure to get tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards. Some of the best podcasts in the business gonna be on that stage. Good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her Naked podcast tanking. J Valentine will be doing the RB Money podcast live. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be doing The Woman of All podcasts. It's all hosted by Mandy and Weezy from Decisions Decisions. So make sure you go get your tickets. Black effect.com/podcast Festival.


When we come back, we got the positive note. It's The World most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club. Yep. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. The Baltimore Fire Starter. Crazy. Okay. Crazy. Her am Monique went crazy online yesterday. No, no, that's all Baltimore. Did y'all text each other beforehand? No. Did you? Did you? No, No, no. Did you text Monika and say, yo, that was cool, but watch this. No, No, I did not. No, no, no. She might have texted me and said, no, that was cool, but watch this. That Was bigger than what I did. I'm like, damn. No, it was not actually, you definitely was bigger than the the Monique story. You know, every time something, this is the crazy part about breast Club now.


Every time something happens up here, people think it's a stunt. Everything Ski. You know what I'm Saying? And I'm like, no, this Ain't no. And that's why I don't let take nothing serious and now 'cause they're not gonna take us serious anyway. Now the positive, the positive note is ask for what you want. Here you go with these cards. First of all, you need to get some, okay, these are Don Miguel weer four agreement cards. And this is from the Don't Make Assumptions chapter. Ask for what you want. Find the courage to ask for what you want. Others have the right to tell you yes or no, but you always have the right to ask. Likewise, everybody has the right to ask you for what they want, and you have the right to say yes or no. So always Breakfast Call Done.


Prohibition is synonymous with speakeasies, jazz, flappers, and of course failure. I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu, there's a story I couldn't wait to tell you. It's about an unlikely duo in the 1920s who tried to warn the public that prohibition was going to backfire so badly. It just might leave thousands dead from poison. Listen and subscribe to Snafu on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here?


How goes lower from Blumhouse tv? iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fernan Di, when You're Invisible is my love Letter to the working class people in immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about It. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called the Edge of Daybreak recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The air To daybreak eyes of love was supposed to have been followed up by another Apple. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.