
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime, or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy Podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. I think God sent me this gift so I can show it to The World. And most of all, I help people every single day listen to the Ghost Therapy Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What if you asked two different people the same set of questions? Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Roe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to many questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, Yo, yo yo, Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. Charlamagne is running a little late And it's Friday. Hey, What up Jess? What's up man? You In Louisiana, new Orleans for the Super Bowl. I'm in Louisiana. I'm excited. Yo, you already know. Now what events are you doing? Are you, are you performing or are you just going for the activities? So, no, I'm just going for, I'm coming for the activities, but I do have a couple hostings down here. I did have a show, but the show got canceled. Oh, wow. I was on two shows that got canceled. We had the Martin Show, then that got canceled, and then we had the show at the Zula Center that I was supposed to be with tk Kirkland Dray, Michael Blackson, I believe, something like that.


But they canceled it, man. Wow. I don't know. Look what these people gotta start understanding, right? These agents, before they pull a plug and on these big shows that they got is black people buy tickets late last minute, this minute, The day before the day of Bowl weekend. Yes, absolutely. Most people. And so it's funny that you say that. Most people don't understand that. And, and usually when they let a show go through, they'd be like, wow, it's so loud. I see it all the time. But usually what happens like Super Bowl weekend. Yeah. People pull up and they gotta decide what they want to do. Yeah, man. But it's so much to do. And you'd be surprised. You people get drunk, they come, they pre-game and then they wanna hear some jokes, so they go and buy tickets.


That's how it go, man. Yeah. Because Thursday be like, you know what? I'm gonna see Jess on Thursday, Friday. I'm gonna go see Martin Saturday. I'm gonna go to the club. Then Sunday we go to like, that's how people think. But a lot of times, you know, when people looking at it like, damn, well, if nobody comes or is halfway sold, we gonna lose. So let's cut it. But we see that all the time. Yeah, man. But It's all, well, enjoy your superb bowl, man. It's enjoy, try to take everything. And Louisiana got the best food, so enjoy it all. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We got a couple parties, man. I'm, I'm a do the fan dual party with Party B. Yep. Just it a couple events that I'm gonna be at though. Okay. Alright, well enjoy yourself out there and enjoy all the food. If you get a chance, try To. Well, you already know. Listen, y'all told me about a restaurant, Morrows, What is it called? Mores. It's called, I don't, I know about Morrows, but it's one called Mondays too, by the same person who own Morrows Morrows.


Yeah. So Larry Morrow owns Olos, he also owns Guest House, which is the club with Cardi B. I think it's gonna be there one night. Yeah. I think gonna be there one night. I'll put you in touch with him. So if you want anything that you need, please definitely. You'll be straight. Alright. That's what's up. You'll Be straight. All right. And, and salute to everybody in Houston. Shout to my brother Chris, one of the owners of Area 29. It's his birthday. I know they're leaving the Gentleman Strip Club. So salute to everybody in H Town Now. 19 Keys will be joining us this morning. Of course. He's the host of the High Level Conversations podcast, so we're gonna be kicking with him in a little bit. And there's a lot of new music that came out. Your guy G three Jello, He dropped, He put the Tweaker remix out. Ooh. And you know who's on it? No. Little Wing.


Oh, so was that Well, no. Yo, the big announcement is funny. Remember he did all that leading up to, y'all know, I'm not gonna be at the Super Bowl because I got something to announce. I don't think this was the big announcement. The the G three read. I, I don't think this was the big Announcement. He dropping another Carter. But you did all that to tell us that you dropping another album, You not excited. I am excited. But that's why you can't make it to the Super Bowl Sunday. Yo, Shut up. Come on y'all. It wasn't Super Bowl or Carter. It wasn't Super Bowl or Carter. I know, but I, but I definitely wanted to see him at the Super Bowl. Just, just see him there, right.


Just in the crowds, you know, bringing out the team. He coulda did. Not gonna happen. I know. But Let's get the show Crack. We got front page news. Mimi will be joining us. Morgan's actually out today as well. And let's get into the tweak of remix feature in Lil Wayne. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. That was the tweak of remix. What you doing? Did you hear it? I love Wayne. Nah, I, I heard Wayne part a little bit. I hear his play on the abs And the babies. Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. Ate that. Well morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now, this Sunday, good morning is Super Bowl Sunday and Super Bowl. Of course the chiefs verse the Eagles. That happened Sunday, February 9th at 6:30 PM So the game will start at six 30. Good morning, Mimi.


Good morning, envy. Good morning, Jess. How y'all doing? Good. What's up girl? Good, good, good. Happy Friday. So I'll just jump right in. You know, the first story I think has been making headlines all week. A major shakeup in the federal workforce is underway. And a judge has now stepped in and hit pause. At least for now, we're talking about the Trump administration's controversial deferred resignation offer, which gives federal workers a tough choice, resign now and keep their pay and benefits through September or stay and face potential layoffs. But thanks to a lawsuit from labor unions, a federal judge has delayed the lawsuit, at least until Monday.


The original deadline was yesterday. Now the judge in the case will hear arguments from both sides at a court hearing scheduled for Monday afternoon. Now this buyout, it is being led by Elon Musk and his newly formed Department of Government efficiency. Democrats, of course, are slamming his efforts to downsize the federal government as illegal. Let's listen to what house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries had to say. What we are seeing fold is an unlawful power grab by a unelected and unaccountable billionaire puppet master who's pulling the strings of house Republicans and apparently the Trump administration.


Now according to, according to reports, more than 60,000 workers, they have already accepted the offer. The Trump administration is hoping for 200,000 workers to accept this offer. They need 10% of the federal workforce to resign. They say they're not worried. They think that people will take the offer right before the deadline. Any thoughts on that guys? So just to, to refresh people's mind, this offer is offering them a, a cash buyout for them to quit their jobs. And he wants to hire people that has his similar beliefs to work with 'em. Yeah, that's insane. Yeah. Yeah. So they're offering them a buyout through the end of September. So you resign. Now you just reply to the email, you put resign in the subject line, you can resign, you get eight months of pay.


But a lot of people are like, we don't really believe that he's gonna follow through with this. So, right. We'll see what happens. They're gonna go to court on Monday and both sides will battle it out. Okay. In court. Yeah. So moving on, a a, a judge in Washington state is now blocking President Trump's executive order on birthright citizenship. Now this ruling comes just one day after a Maryland judge also blocked the order Trump, he signed this executive order on his first day back into office aiming to restrict birthright citizenship. So it would not apply to children born in the US to parents who are not here illegally.


Let's hear from Washington Attorney General Nick Brown who says Trump is overstepping his authority when he issued this executive order in the first place. We're back to the status quo that we've had in this country for 150 years. That you are an American if you are born on US soil. We do not have a king. We have a president who must abide by the laws and if they want to amend the constitution, there is a process by which to do that. Right. And that process includes, you know, going through Congress. So this order was set to take effect on February 19th, but that has now been halted and the Justice Department, they are appealing this decision.


And this court is headed to, this case is headed to the ninth Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. But the case is expected to go all the way to the Supreme Court. So, Okay. Yeah. Alright, well lat is front page news. We'll see you next hour. Yep. Coming up. We'll talk Super Bowl ticket prices and how they are taking a major dive and why they are so much cheaper this year. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, call us up right now. It's Friday. So if there's something on your mind, there's something you just need to get off your chest again, call us up right now. (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


It's a new day. This is it. Your time to get it off your chest wake, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, It's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Michelle? Hey, good morning. Get it off your chest guys. I need, I need help. My car got repossessed And I need $2,000 if you guys please, please, I can give you my cash up. You're not even gonna give us no backstory. You're just gonna call Frantic and just drop that on us. Like I, Oh. Because literally I'm at work. I just started a new job and I don't get paid until the 16th, but they're gonna be put it to sell for the 10th.


So How'd you, how'd you get to work? Uber? But obviously we know that's expensive. I live in Florida so it's not like easy, you know, like trains and stuff, you know, so Yeah, you, you going, you gonna pay us back if, because you get paid on the 16th. I'm sorry, I'm just really, really so sorry. Oh man. Man, I was trying to make you laugh. Damn. I don I don't, I don I don't have two. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't have $2,000 to give right now. I can give you a little something. I can put a little something on it. I ain't give you no two. I don't have 2000. Well Put your, put your cash app out there mama list and, and maybe the list is out there will fill you and help you out. You better be telling the truth. What? I'm tech God. MI What is it? Slow down, Slow down, slow down. Say it again.


T-M-I-C-H-E-L-L-E-E 29. Hold, Lemme see. E Michelle E 29. Michelle Williams. Like from Destiny's Child? Yeah. Yes. What type of call is it that they're Repoing? A Jetta, a Volkswagen Jetta. So, so lemme make cash. $2,000. Lemme see. T-M-I-C-H-E-L-L-E-E 29. Yes. How many, how many months did you miss mama? Three months. Why? 'cause you was just outta work? Yes. Yeah, she said she got a new job. All right. I'm putting a little, so I'm putting a little something on it. Okay. I hope you're telling the truth. Sorry, I can't even Talk. Yeah, I'm sorry.


Where Do you work at that you can't talk? Yeah, she, No, I could talk but I'm just frantic. I'm just, I'm just So You what? Yeah, she can't, So she sound like she in the bathroom. Yeah, we Emini here. To be honest with you, people can't really help you if you don't really tell the story. So I understand that, you know, you're going through a lot right now, but you do have to speak up just a tad bit and let everybody know what you really Dealing with with, I'm so sorry. I, it's, I can't speak. It's just that I'm going through so much emotions that I'm just, I can't. And what about family? You got family and friends mama? Yes, they've been helping me but like that's, they've been helping me with rent and food and stuff like that. Okay. And I thought I had time. I thought it was like four months, but it was three months that they start the repossession. Check your cash app. Lemme, lemme see if you got what I just sent.


Okay. And how much, how much is the note a month for your, your Jetta? Oh yes, I got, yes, I got it. Thank you guys so much. I really appreciate it and all the viewers out there. Anything helps. Please, please, please. I And I hope you really spending this money on what you said. Don't go buy no weed now. I don't go buy a zip of that. Good, good. In Florida or something. How much is the Jetta? How much is, is the Jetta note a month, mama? 4 44 You said 4 44? Yes. Okay, mama. 4 44 For Jetta. The hell, I'm so sorry. You gonna downgrade get get you a Honda next time, okay. No, she, She probably got the car when the prices were high. 'cause it was one time when all those car prices were high. That's why it's probably extremely high. You know, I I know a repossession on your credit is bad but the cars right now, they're damn near giving them away.


If you actually Emini here, it would be hard to lose it. But if you was able to get a new car now it would probably be like $199. You telling her She calling the radio station article for 2000. I'm just telling you just, you just tell Her go buy another car Telling Yeah, go buy another car girl. I'm saying you're calling up here to get $2,000 to get your card to repossess it. But you know what, if you go buy another one right now, Right now it'd be $200 cheaper. Idiots would be listening If they took that car and she was able to get another car in a family member's name, it would be two $300 cheaper if you idiots were listening but Well, Why would you get her card family her? But I'm telling her close. I'm trying to tell her sometimes she can't. If man Can we deal with the problem at hand. But If she can't pay for this car this month, she ain't gonna be able to pay it for it next. It's too expensive for her. The the and all that.


Maybe she need to start riding the bus. How about giving her that advice? Maybe she needs get Rid of the car. No, she did just get, she did just get a job. Yo. And she don't get paid to the 16th. She gotta pay for food. She said she had family members helping her with food and rent and all that other stuff. Yeah, sometimes you got let it go and then get something cheaper. That's what I was saying. Definitely let it go. You save something that you know they'll, you save it now. But next month you have the same problem. Is she still on the Line? No, she hung up. She got your money hung up. Well I hope she does. Okay. I hope she does too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1.


We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo? Hello? Yeah. Good morning. What's up? What's Up DJ Envy man, what's Up? I Charla guy and everybody. My name is Justin. Peace. Justin. Pleasure. Pleasure man. I, I just wanted to get off my chest and to shout out my beautiful wife Morgan Dalton Smith, man. She gave birth to both sets of my twins. So I have six kids total and she, she gave birth to five of them. So I just wanted to shout out, show her love. She been holding me down for a long time. And so she had, and we, we were rocking Together. She had twins from you twice and another child? Yes sir. Wow. Congratulations brother.


Man, it's a beautiful thing. It's a beautiful thing. Do twins run in your family? Nah, I, I actually jokingly called her a predator, you know what I'm saying? Because I knew nothing about it. So when, when, when it was pregnant time it was twins, I'm like okay, but then if you pregnant again it was another set of twins. I'm like, what are we odd to this what You mean? And I learned this is her side of the family. Oh it's her side of the family. Okay, okay, okay. Got you. Got you. Well Congratulations brother. Oh yeah. It's a beautiful third man. I'm grateful. Yes sir. Have a good, have a great weekend. You all do the same. Hello, who's this? Yo. Yo. Good morning y'all. Big chocolate the toe sucker. So listen, two quick things. Let me say rest in peace.


Irv Gotti condones to Chris Gotti and the family. And I think Drake is going out like a sucker, right? All these lawsuits against Hendrick Lamar. Kendrick's making him look like a fool. I think Drake needs my help. Check it out. Kendrick Lamar is only four feet tall. It's not enough. He can't kiss Lisa Leslie because he ain't tall enough. He got 20 pair of short pants. So he ain't that tough. What do y'all think about my song? Is it rough? I think that you just, you know, really, really, really need to get a job. There's no way that this guy has employment anywhere. I just don't see it for him. He Said he's a comedian and Drake is not suing Kendrick. He says he's, have you ever seen him on Drake is definitely Drake ain't suing Kendrick, but he might as well be. That's why he gonna lose that lawsuit because if you suing the record label, but you using Kendrick's lyrics to suing the record label.


But I'm not suing Kendrick. I'm suing the, he's not Suing Kendrick though. Kendrick, I I saw Drake a picture of Drake yesterday with some Rainbow, some cowboy Rainbow, a rain rainbow song. No you didn't. Yes I did. He was in Australia. He, he had on like some rainbow boots but they were cowboy boots. His name Was Rainbow. They were bright blue. I didn't see Rainbow. They were like blue. They rain boots. Oh you said rainbow, Rainbow, rainbow Cowboy. They are rainbow. They rainbow too because they look gay. So either way what she talking about? Oh my goodness. Get it off your chest. Look at You ain't see this Chest. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Send it to me. We got just with the mess coming up. Yes yo, speaking of Super Bowl, Lil Wayne drops some news And I feel like he taking shots, trying to rain on a parade.


Okay, We'll get to that next. It don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club,


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing, it's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this you watching Thursday night Football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Videos got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levit and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz Asada Shakur. A sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny true crime. I Love storytelling And I love you so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


We want to speak out, we want to raise awareness and we want this to stop. Wow, very powerful. I'm Ellie Flynn and I'm an investigative journalist. When a group of models from the UK wanted my help, I went on a journey deep into the heart of the adult entertainment industry. I really wanted to be a Playboy model. Lingerie, topless. I said Yes please. Because at the center of this murky world is an alleged predator. You know who he is because of his pattern of behavior. He's just spinning the web for you to get trapped in it. He's everywhere and has been everywhere. It's so much worse and so much more widespread than I had anticipated. Together we're going to expose him and the rotten industry he works in, It's not just me, we are an army in comparison to him. Listen to the Bunny Trap on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I don't believe we put this song in rotation. Two years. Two years later. Yeah. June, 2023. Can we do something? Can we play Kendrick? He's performing at the Super Bowl or Sunday. Can we just play some Kendrick every hour? That would be good. You know, that would make sense to me. Can we support our brothers performing at the Emini here? That would make sense. The Super Bowl. You don't have too many black rappers performing at. Can we do that this morning? That would make sense. No disrespect to So City 3, 3, 1. Oh baby. But all disrespect to So City three one. Oh baby. Oh baby. No man, man, I'm just saying that's just, I know he got new music. Yo, that is Really old. Yes it is. Oh My God, I'm just thought about it. I That's Lauren, y'all. Good morning everybody. Morning we The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Real Jessica Robin Moore.


Just don't do no lying. Nobody. Why Jess Worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. Okay, so Lauren, what's going on with Lil Wayne? 'cause he, he being, he's still being shady. I feel like he, he's overshadowing his own announcement by trying to, you know, keep bringing it back to Super Bowl. So I Agree. So Little Wayne dropped a Super Bowl commercial and the commercials with Setterfield and y'all gotta stay with me on this because when I first watched it I was like, is he being shaded?


I didn't catch it but I'm gonna explain it. So let's take a listen to some of the moments in the commercial and then I'll explain what we just listened to. Wait, it's a different direction this time, but we have another focus. Yep. Pass me City film. Let's go. Hey, we still going? Nah, this is time sensitive. So at the end where he says this is time sensitive, that is where he announces the Carter six is coming and there's a sign at the end of the commercial that says Do not disturb Carter six. And he's in the studio basically. And he's like, nah, I got, basically I got better things to do, right? People have been waiting on a new Carter and he's gonna announce it now.


I feel like that's his, like, y'all didn't gimme Super Bowl, but cool, we gonna go over here and do this. In the beginning of that commercial, when he mentions being sensitive said it feels all about like sensitive skin or whatever. Y'all remember when Lil Wayne responded to or or released that video after it was announced that Kendrick was doing the Super Bowl and everybody was upset. People came online and was like, Lil Wayne is being emotional. Like it's not that deep. You people felt like you don't show up for a lot of your performances or whatever the case may be. So they gave it to Kendrick. Kendrick has the biggest song this year. It made sense. Wayne should have just kept it. People thought Wayne should have kept that video to himself. They Didn't give it to Kendrick because Wayne don't show up for his performances. They just gave to Kendrick. 'cause that's just what it is. Right? He's had a prolific career. He ain't had a great year.


Yeah, It's not about, it was never about Wayne. It never was about Wayne. My first mindset when I, when I saw that commercial with Dan Wayne, you can't be in a chil commercial acting ashy. But I think it's a great time to announce your album. It's a superb bowl commercial. I didn't know it was a Super Bowl commercial. Yeah, it's a Super Bowl. Cool. Yeah. I don't have A problem with That's a great time to announce your album. It Chil is for sensitive skin s Yep. It's it's great too. So I thought it was a great time to announce that album Emini here it's Super Bowl. I thought It was too. It should be running ads. Yeah. Why not use it? I, I, I agree it was the perfect time, but I just feel like the conversation, of course people gonna lean into the mess. So the conversation has been is he snubbing the Super Bowl and it's like, I wouldn't even want that conversation around my album announcement. He ain't Snubbing the Super Bowl. The Super Bowl snubbed him Super Bowl.


Bowl. They walk away. And I wouldn't care that 'cause I'm sure they paid him a bunch of M'S and he's using that to promote his album album As well. Promot album. Yeah. I think that's dope. That's smart. Well, He just gotta leave Super Bowl out of it. Leave all of that out of it. I, I agree. I think it overshadows, like you said in the beginning. Yes. Because I'm excited for the Wayne. I, I'm, I'm excited. I'm excited. I just want him to focus on him himself. Like yes, it's Gonna be 80 million people watching Super Bowl, that commercial run on Sunday. That's a win. What I'm, I'm listening to it as soon as it drop. Yep. And you know, everybody tune in into Super Bowl for the commercials. Now speaking of Super Bowl, Kendrick Lamar, who we know will be taking the stage during halftime with SSA and whatever else, surprise guest sat down with Apple Music and had a conversation about Super Bowl and just, you know, what the production and preparing for has been like, let's take a listen to first he talks about the Grammy win and how major that was for him.


Let's take a listen to that. I was just thinking about the culture really. It's, it is always that for me first, I'm not even bull with you. It's like when people talk about rap, man, the conversations I hear, they think it is just rap and it's not an actual art form. So when you put records like that at the forefront, it reminds people that this is more than just something that came 50 years ago. They forget that it's even been here 50 years. Right. And like, kind of like belittle it. So I love to see that it gets that type of recognition for just straight raps, from awards to the billboards, all that. Because this is truly just as big as a art form and, and a genre as any other genre. And I feel accomplished being able to do that.


You know, whether somebody else come behind me and do it again and quadruple it, I love to see it. If that was my purpose to do that, then that's exactly what it was for that particular moment. That's why Kendrick is in the conversations of greatest of all time. That's why he's distanced himself from all his peers. And you can only talk about him with the goats and the ghosts because he cares about the craft. He don't care about sales nor nor any commercial recognition. He's just about the art. I respect that. And you can see it, it, it bleeds through his music all, all the time. It bleeds through his performance. So absolutely. Positively, Right? Yeah. And he talked a lot about, because they, the question he was asked was basically like, how did it feel for him when he went home and he was like silent and got, and has he gotten a chance to kind of take this all in? That was the gist of the conversation.


They then asked him about like just SSA and including CSA on the Super Bowl and the fact that she's had a big year too and he got to see her from the beginning and have they had a chance to kind of crash out together and be like, yo, we here. Like, so this is his response to that. We haven't even had a chance to crash out about it. 'cause everything been moving fast, like far as production and rehearsals and stuff. So we speak, but it's not, we haven't really got a chance to settle into the moment. For me personally, watching her, it's amazing to see, I get to finally see how certain individuals see me come up in the process. 'cause I seen her day one coming in the studio and writing songs, throwing away songs, writing another song. And I understood that process though, of wanting to be great.


You know, even when we, you know, people was saying, this is classic record. She was like, no, you know, I'm gonna write another one. And I understood that And I seen it. So to see it now magnified, it's like she always had it, man. She always had it. And I, I'm just honored to be next to a talent. Dope. Love that. That's, I love that. Now in more Super Bowl conversation, there's two things. So first, yesterday online, Saquon, Barkley's wife, her name is Anna Conone, they went and found some tweets from sis. You know, first of all, when they won the game, when the Eagles won the game, there was a, that Is not his wife, that is his lawyer, that's wife. She do give his fiance against it. His fiance, I'm sorry.


Well she does give that if you saw them in a photo together. But right when he won, when they won that game and they took the pictures and he went to the sideline and talked to his family, it was, people always get upset when they see the black football players with the white wives. So that was a whole thing they done went and found some alleged tweets from sis using it N word and it was a, a thing that was happening on Twitter. It was hashtag replace a Disney movie with the N word. So she did the cheetah girls and she said the Cheetah N word The cheetah nigga is funny. Now come on. That means Quan have been creeping on him. That's what that is. And then somebody had tweeted her, I guess trying to be funny and said, Hey my little gold digger. And she responded, you know what she said?


That's funny. I guess so. No, Not from her. It's funny, Not from her's. Funny. She responded, she ain't messing with no broke N word. That's what these are alleged tweets. Right. I thought she was, I thought she was gonna say gold nigga. No, that's what I thought. Now they insist comments. They said, the one comment says, now girl, look them tweets have been found while we want homeboy to focus on the win. Just know we gonna be on your behind come Monday morning, win or lose. And if it's a Loss And I go behind, Nah, long back, just a long back, yo Jesus, Yo, they told her hang it up. If they, if he win, you definitely better hang it up. So they've been on her, she hasn't released a statement as of yet on this. Damn. And again, these are alleged tweets, But I wouldn't say hang it up to a white woman and she turn around and say it back, you it up and everybody be mad at her.


Yo. No, no, no. And you know, she'll do it. Y'all done seen these tweets Hang it up flat screen. Yeah. So you talking about her ass. I'm sorry. Best of luck to the Super Bowl. Basically She gonna say it's ai. Damn. She might As well. I wouldn't even claim it. No. When he ran after the game and all that, I thought that was a reporter. I didn't know that that was his, I thought that was one of the people, you know, all she knew. It was mad girl Mad people were confused. They was like, wait, that's his wife. But then she had the kids in her hands, so they was like, oh shoot. Okay. Whole time. All Right. Yeah, they're trying to distract you, Quan Stay focused baby S right now. Even though you playing for Philly and that's Dr. Omar's team. He don't approve of that relationship. One toy. I'm totally against it. Just don't be distracted. Okay.


And don't let her get in the booth with Gilly Then y'all say what? Good luck. Right? Good luck. Jesus Christ. All right, well that was just the mess. When we come back, we got front page news at dope movies, The Breakfast Club. Good morning,


You are checking out The Breakfast Club, Charlemagne to God here. And I want you to let Audible expand your life by listening. Tap into your wellbeing with Audio books, podcast, and originals on better health relationships, finance and more, and reach the goals you set for yourself. Sign up today for a free 30 day trial@audible.com.


Hey Everybody, it's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news real quick. Sports Super Bowl over the Super Bowl is Sunday, 6:30 PM Now who you got, Jess? You know I got the Eagles. You know, I I gotta go with the cousin city. It ain't no DMV up in there, but Philly is right next door. So I gotta go with the Eagles Charlamagne. I want the Eagles to win on paper. I believe the Eagles can win. I believe that it's gonna be hard to stop Sequan Barkley. If you do stop Sequan Barkley, then Jalen Hurts and AJ Brown and all of those guys can hurt you. But they are going up against the Kansas City Chiefs, the referees and Taylor Swift.


It's gonna be very difficult to overcome that task. But I want the Eagles to win. But I I, my head says, my heart says the Eagles, my head says the Kansas City Chiefs to win. Yeah, I, I don't necessarily care. I would love to see the Chiefs get a threepeat, but then I wanna see Saquon Barkley get a ring. I thought I'm just, I'm just going, I'm, I'm watching for in German. I don I don't really have a, a dog in this fight. I just, just want to enjoy a good game. And then it's just, the Eagles represent blackness to me. You know what I'm saying? Black ass, tough city, black ass players. The Chiefs just represent whiteness. A lot of mayonnaise over there. A lot of mayonnaise, A lot of man Lot. You are Such a Taylor Swift hater. It's not just Swift though. Patrick Mahomes wife is Travis Kel. He's Patrick Mahomes wife.


I know. Oh my God. Is Donald Trump congratulating that? It's just a lot, man. It's a lot. You don't sa buckle's wife is is is white as well. She think a lot of racist. Me and Dr. Lumar don't approve of that either. Oh that Is, yes. Oh my God. I did not know that. Y'all gonna talk about it in the rumors, I believe. All right. Good morning Mimi. Good morning y'all. So White House Press secretary Caroline Levitt is unveiling President Trump's tax plan. The administration is calling it the largest tax cut in history for middle class working Americans. Let's hear from press Secretary Caroline Levitt on what's exactly included in the package.


No tax on tips, which is obviously a very public campaign promise that the president made no tax on seniors Social security, no tax on overtime pay renewing President Trump's 2017 middle class tax cuts. Again, these are the president's priorities. Adjusting the salt cap, eliminate all the special tax breaks for billionaire sports team owners. Close the carried interest tax deduction loophole, tax cuts for made in America products. This will be the largest tax cut in history for middle class working Americans. The president is committed to working with Congress to get this done. Wait, that, maybe I need to hear that again or read that again. 'cause where was the middle class tax cuts? I heard tax cuts for billionaires and everything. Where was the middle class?


What, what, what Middle class got tax cuts. Yeah, there, there really wasn't any, you know, and this announcement, it's coming after the Republicans, they met for five hours at the White House. They failed to reach a final deal on how to exactly extend his tax cuts. But senior lawmakers say they're close in agreement. Now of course republicans, you know, they hold a majority in both the House and the Senate. They spent weeks trying to agree on a plan to cover the cost of extending the tax cuts. But nonpartisan analysts, they say that this, this tax plan is gonna add another 4 trillion to the country's $36 trillion deficit over the next decade.


So I don't know how that's gonna help. Alright, so federal health workers, they are also on high alert after disturbing. There's a disturbing website called DEI watch list. It began making its rounds on social media. The site features, the names, the photos, and other information of dozens of federal workers, many of whom are minorities working in healthcare related agencies like the Center for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institute of Health. So the site at one point labeled these individuals as targets for their involvement in diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. As well as for activities like donating to democratic causes and using pronouns in their bio.


So legal experts, they're calling this of course an intimidation tactic. And part of the Trump administration's push to dismantle parts of the federal government. Now the website, it's been on, it's been online for about a week. And there's a conservative group, a conservative group that they're saying that's behind it called the American Accountability Foundation. They're also listed as an advisor on project 2025. I was looking at that list the other day and it's amazing to me, me, me, how marginalized communities are being targeted. You know, black people, brown people, white women. What I was thinking is how do they know these folks aren't qualified though? Are they, they're just looking at them and just saying, Hey, because of their identity, their DEI hires, how do they know that these people aren't qualified?


They don't. They're looking at their, their skin and literally putting them on this list. And people are saying that they've been getting calls, they've been getting just, you know, harassed already from, from this list. There's like 50 or 60 people on this list. So pretty, pretty dangerous. Okay. And so switching gears to Super Bowl weekend, we all know that Super Bowl tickets can be expensive. Hell, hell yeah. But this year for some reason, prices are down. In fact they've fallen like 60% this week according to the retail site. Tick pick the downfall has to do with one thing. And that is location. Apparently the Super Bowl has been in New Orleans like 10, 10 times. This is the 11th time it's gonna be.


And New Orleans. And people are just, you know, not that excited about it. Damn. The cheapest ticket is about $2,500. To put that in perspective, last year the cheapest ticket in Vegas went for about $5,400. That had to be from this week. 'cause last week and a week before that, yeah, it was $12,000. Yeah, nobody's buying. Yeah, it's a lot of different factors. Nobody wants to see Taylor Swift and Donald Trump's gonna be at the game. That's probably a whole other security hassle. Yeah. Another ha Yeah, another Headache. Well, I don't know Charlotte. 'cause according to TMZ, people are trying to, they're willing to buy sweets so they can see Donald Trump and Taylor Swift. Like that's apparently like the draw right now.


They wanna be in the eyesight of the two biggest names at the Superdome. I can't wait to see Taylor Swift and Donald Trump interact. I bet you Taylor won't stand on business. Taylor, you put that post up going against Trump during the campaign. And Dawson, Kamala, I bet you fold when I bet she won't. I bet you fold. She ain't gonna fold when Trump comes in that suite. 'cause Patrick Mahomes wife is a big Trump supporter. What's the over under on Taylor Swift and Donald Trump having a friendly interaction? Let's go. Thank you. That's the Bank. Thank you Mimi. That's your front page news. I'm Mimi Brown. Follow me on social at Mimi Brown tv. And for for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network or download the free iHeart radio app and visit BIN news.com.


I to ask Mimi one thing, how how's your family and house and everything, you know, I know you out, you out in LA right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, we're good. I'm in Studio City. So the closest fire to me, there was a fire in Studio City, but we just had to evacuate for a day. Nothing like, you know. Yeah. The rest of the people, you know. Good. You guys. It was good to know. You're okay. Yeah. Yeah. Thank y'all. I appreciate that. It was a little scary, but you know, we're good. Thank you. Yeah. All right, Mimi, have a great weekend. All right. Y'all have a good weekend. Peace. Everybody else when we come back, 19 Keys will be joining us. He's the host of High Level Conversations podcast. And we gonna talk to him next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


I feel hypocritical speaking to people about economic empowerment and liberation and then working for the white man. Mm. You feel me? But I grew up at a time, my parents told me I was a guy that I could do anything. So they installed this belief in this pride right within self that I see what's missing in The World. A lot of people look at it when I talk about truth or truth seeking, it's not that I think I'm better than somebody who just focuses on money. I think I'm just better at focusing on truth. You know what, Emini here. And so I feel like that's my pathway to influence and that's the one thing that I can give to The World. So as a futurist, I'm always looking ahead and saying, what place are we not, what space are we not playing in? And if I can direct our energy and our attention there before it's too late, we can have some power and ownership.


You Talk about entrepreneurship and, and how important that is, especially for our culture. So speak on that because a lot of people don't necessarily get entrepreneurship because they weren't raised by it, right? Yeah. They're raised to work a nine to five busy bee workers. So, so break that down a little bit. Well, I think it's monumentally important And I could first look at like, why did we shift away from it? If you look at in the early 1960s, the CIA would fund certain groups that was pushing more towards Afrocentricity, right? And the reason they did that, because they'd rather you have just their symbolic cultural pride than actual ownership. Mm. Right? You take somebody like John Horace who fought in multiple wars for his freedom. When I think about a story like that, that's a story of resilience.


You know what Emini here, like the fighting war at that time was hard, especially to survive. Not only that we learned about Harriet Tubman, but with John Horace, he took over 200 people, over 800 miles to Mexico for freedom. Now as entrepreneurs, what are we doing? It's a act of rebellion. It's a react of resilience, right? We saying that I want to be a pursuer, I wanna produce what I consume, right? That's the direct mindset that they want to eliminate. Because if we have that sort of thought process, then you take your child and you start building generational wealth by teaching them skill sets, by saying, look, pops, build up this coffee company, right? This is what our last name represents, this industry.


Now this is what you get to command and take over and expand. Now you give purpose and vision and guidance to the next generation. So for me, when I fired my job, I worked at Pride for a number of years. I like how you say that fire, my job, my job. Yep. My job. Yeah. They couldn't afford me no more. I got too smart for 'em. So it really wasn't fair for me to continue to work for 'em. You feel me? Because what was you doing exactly? Sales. Okay. Okay. So, you know, I'm, I'm in there speaking Mandarin, you feel me? I I I learned how to sell very well where I was studying every psychological book that I possibly could on it. And you know, a command of language and communication has always been my forte. And I realized I was extremely good at it. And, but what I also realized is I was there to steal the knowledge and then going to utilize that for myself.


So soon as I fired them, I actually opened up a business in Oakland, California. Right. I had a storefront where it was a clothing store. The store called the time was called Musa Hill Do art as well. So I would sell my paintings throughout there. It lasted for about two years. And then somebody hired me to come speak at they school, Shabo College. And I went there And I had a plan. I said, when I go there, I'm gonna speak. And at the time I got like 500 followers. But I said, I'm gonna speak and it's gonna go viral. Now everybody looking at me like I'm crazy. But I understood the type of conversations that I had that if The World heard right, it would be needed and valuable. So therefore I did and they did go viral.


And then the following started to come in And I couldn't manage both at the same time. I couldn't manage to continue to do the clothing. I found a calling and a purpose in that And I said, let me go full time on that. Right. As being 19 keys for The World. Well, I wanna ask you two things because you, you talked about going to the, what was the Elijah Muhammad School? Elijah's Educational Center. So what was that culture shift like when you come from getting the knowledge, studying things like, you know, Elijah Muhammad message to the black man, but then going to public school. 'cause you light years ahead of everybody. Yeah, but it was crazy because it was like a culture shock. 'cause them kids was crazy, you feel me? Manish and, and freaky, you feel me? They was wild and stuff that it wasn't that we was just ultimately sheltered.


Right. We understood The World existed. I still grew up in Oakland. I still grew up off 24th and Telegraph When we went back to school, you feel me, none of the kids in our environment went to the same school that we did. So we understood it that, you know, everybody else had a different way of living. We were the always the Muslim family in the neighborhood. You feel me? All our other friends was Christian and things of that nature. So, but going to that public school, number one, I, I realized And I started to feel sorry for other children. Right? I used to feel sorry for kids that believed in Santa Claus when I was younger. I thought they was dumb. Straight up. What word? Because the, the story just didn't make no sense to me. That's what I tell you. Well 'cause you, y'all feel that Don't why lie to your kids? Why tell why tell your blacked children that It's a fat white man coming down.


I don To you raise your kids. I think when you grow up, because like for me, like it was like, okay, it's a myth of Santa Claus. But when I grew up it was more so like, oh, you can believe in something that's not real and you, it's kinda like dreaming type of thing. And Then you get older and realize that's not real. Then that's why people even get a disconnection from God because Damn, that didn't happen. That don't happen. That didn't happen with me And I don't happen with everybody else. For me it was like, okay, if my mom can work however long a year to make Christmas happen, blood, sweat, and tears. But she wants me to believe in something bigger because for whatever reason, let me go out into The World and see what believing in something bigger can do. Because I know she bust up Behind you. A fat white man. The credit for her Blessing that causes in my house. And coming down when my mom, when we would see Sunday, they were black and she did that on purpose. Why? Why did you feel sorry for 'em?


19 Keith? Well, because I just didn't think it was smart and it didn't make any sense to me. And I just remember being younger and feeling like, like the truth is the best thing you can know. Like actually being in reality y'all Right. But nobody cares about the truth when the lie is more entertained. Exactly. Or, And some of it gotta be entertainment too. Not gotta be, but that's what people want. Well that captures people's attention to remember things and even negative things. Right? The reason we focus on negative things is because it's based on our survival. We evolve to see negative things and focus more on it because we evolve to survive in case things are threats. So we give them more attention than they should. We get one negative comment out of a thousand and then all of our, our brain processes focuses in on that to make sure that that's not a threat.


But then we remember that more and we magnify it. So the problem is usually never as big as it really is in reality. It's our perception of it because there's always something positive going on, but we don't pay attention to it as much. So we live in a world of low level information, low level entertainment, low level conversations, right? And most people don't have a reasoning ability, critical thinking skills to analyze data or even have the time to do it. When you think about having time to process information is the key. I spend a lot of time reflecting on things before I speak, which is why I don't want to just sound like, oh, I seen something on Twitter, so now I'm going to reverberate whatever that was. No, I wanna say, okay, what do you actually think about it?


And most people don't realize they're not actually thinking, they're reacting. They don't know how to respond. They don't have an ability to respond. So they're not responsible. Right? When things happen in the media, we just react. Now there's video. Reaction, reaction, reaction. 'cause you don't actually know what you think. You just know how to react. That's low level, high level is taking time to actually think about it, study it go into a deep analysis, understand the root of it. So now you have the ability to see it from a different perspective and analyze things. That's what we have to be. But this is what I know is that the average and the majority of people will never get there. Most people will stay stuck in this matrix. This is why they need leaders. Even though it shouldn't be this point to where you're looking for a savior.


I say save yourself. Alright, We have more with 19 keys when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's dj, JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is hanging with us this morning and we're still kicking it with 19 keys. Charlemagne, I wanna talk more about that boycott too. I do too. I Are we gonna get into it? Because it's interesting with the boycott, because I see what the call to action is. It's the boycott, but what do we hope to gain from said boycott? And I think it's wild that we're targeting, people are targeting just target. When Amazon did the same thing, yes, meta did the same thing. Well that's meta, Facebook, Instagram, all that. Walmart's done the same thing. It's like, why just Target and you're protesting on the platform that's also doing the same thing to you.


I'm just, I I I think we, we we like to pacify and get symbols versus substance. And I'm not saying they wrong for boycotting. No. That's, I I I just need to hear more. I'm not gonna dog them. I think that they're just used to a certain playbook and this is what they know. This is how they know to react and know how to respond. Again, it goes back to history. We are continuing to look at how do we become activists? How do we become revolutionary? And we take a certain archetype, right? We take the DeMar, the Malcolm and say, okay, well if I wanna be a revolutionary activist, I'm going to do this. The problem is we in a new time. So it has to evolve and has to look more innovative in the way that we go about doing things. When I talked about the seminar wars, they spent billions of dollars trying to capture them and they realized, number one, we could have spent that money building ourselves up, right?


Building our world up. Why are we spending billions of dollars to try to capture slaves that didn't make no sense to them. We spent billions of dollars in the civil rights era trying to integrate and when we were boycotting the bus lines, we could have took all of that focus and credit on bus systems. We could have took all of that money, that time, that energy and that protest and say, what about these businesses that we can build up? Instead, we were looking to be accepted and we weren't going for real power. We was going for symbolic power, power of gesture. So the real power would be saying, you know what, we're not. Our focus becomes this round table. And this is where I put the onus on black leadership. 'cause we say we ain't got black leadership, we actually do, right?


But they just don't position themselves as such. You got the Divine Nine. That is a powerful organization and network all throughout America. We seen that power when Kamala Harris was able to raise a billion dollars, right? We bragged about the power matter of fact that we can get on a call of 10,000 of us instantly overnight and raise millions of dollars. Our problem has always been shifting power in the wrong direction. Instead of empowering ourselves, we're asking somebody else to give us power. And my thought process and my plan behind the scenes we're working on a lot of different things is how you create your own digital nation and then that digital nation creates and buy physical assets. You can do things like DAOs.


You ain't gotta buy in into nothing. You can say, okay, black church, NABJ, HBCUs, everybody that wants to, all the activists, everybody that wants to have a voice, how about we create a decentralized, autonomous organization, which essentially is saying that everybody can become a citizen of it and vote what we want to do next. If we put together millions of dollars inside this treasury, then we can decide what we wanna buy with that money, what we want to create, right? We can start our own social media. We can build our own targets. All of these things were created by founders and men. These things are not impossible to do, but as long as we use a systems, there's impossible ways to fight them. All of that. I agree. I think that that and what you're trying to do is needed. But my, my pushback would be, or just, I wanna hear your thoughts on it.


Number one, like you talk about social media and just creating our own, we have fan base, right? Yeah. People complain about X and Instagram, but they don't go to fan base, right? And then you have Tabitha Brown who got a lot of pushback because she was like, look, let's be smarter. Let's support the black brand so they don't disappear on these corporate levels. She's right. And then we can take that money and then go build our own. So you basically, we need somebody in the room to get in infiltrate and then we move our own. We don't support stuff like that. We don't support the fan bases. So when do we ever get to that point where it's centralized, where we can actually move the way you're talking about? 'cause I think we shouldn't said we not Supporting fan base. Yeah, I think Not. We're not The most money out of any platform. It's not that we're not supporting it, but people are not, there's not a mass exit from Twitter or Instagram like it.


There's not Well, and and that two, I think two th two things can be true with that. I think that it is not just the fact that people don't wanna support it. I think it's the way he's building it. And there's no disrespect to Isaac Hayes. I had tweeted out the other day, me and him had our differences, but I would still utilize fan base because I'll be hypocritical not to. Right? And I believe there should be a mass exodus and people should utilize it. I think that, you know, when I had conversation with him years ago, I was telling him, or at least advising what I believe was one of the best routes to get a mass amount of people to utilize it. Because unfortunately we don't go to things because they black on what is the most important thing I think is economic sovereignty. If we can all agree that we must do for self, we can all agree that we need to have our own banks, own systems, own schools education, then we decide, okay, well then what is the best route?


This is why I believe in things like das and voting mechanism. This is not something that's gonna take a hundred years. This is something that can get done in a hundred days, right? And what we should be focusing on is efficiency, right? What is the most efficient and effective way to do it? Because I think that when I look at these boycotts, I look at any efficient, old, outdated models, right? Of activism that we keep recycling but they don't create any progress. So therefore it's easy to control because they already know that playbook. Oh, they gonna try to boycott us for 40 days. Just wait that out. Don't even worry about it. You feel me? And we look even crazy of boycotting something like Target while we're on platforms that have also rolled back their DI, come on now.


Mark Zuckerberg rolled it back. We talking about it on X and Twitter. This is how they know you're not serious. And a lot of people might not like this, but again, when you go back to the timelines of history, we have this Malcolm and Martin Paradox, right? People pick sides and it's more creating a conflict between us. Oh, I'm Malcolm, I'm non pacifist. Or you more aggressive. Oh, I'm Muslim, you Christian. I believe the powers that be knew what narratives to push on the black community that was more divisive. Why don't we study Marcus Garvey and the honorable Elijah Muhammad who had the most successful economic blueprints, and especially when Malcolm was the honorable Elijah Muhammad student. No, a hundred percent. But when you look at history, people go say, well they killed this and it's not true.


But first of all, you should look at it based on the honorable Elijah Muhammad had a third grade education. He built an entire ecosystem in America with this intelligence. Who is that man? How was he able to do it? And I don't care if you like him or not. If he had the right blueprint, then we should follow it, right? That's it. Like we gotta get off our feelings about whether he was Christian or Muslim or this and that. And I believe that's what holds us back because we not following the right blueprint, we looking at who we like. And that's because we are focused on how do we maintain and have more control. The black church are not gonna push no economic plan by Elijah Muhammad because they need you to continue to follow them. And some of the stuff that they do is just downright disrespectful and not teaching the correct history.


So I believe that it's this timeline that we have in the way that we look at history, which is why we don't see ourselves a certain way. If we see ourselves as, wait a minute, this man had banks, he had schools, he had airplanes, he had aviation schools, trust farms, import export with poultry banks, temples, all across America. It was an economic network. Black Wall Street was one place in time. We have to make it not just how do we create one black Wall Street? How do we create the economic network that is Black Wall Street today? And we don't have to reference in the past something that's attached to trauma. We can look at something that was happening in the 1960s. And when you look at history, you look at the fact that we stopped focused on global allies, we stopped going into this radical mind, right?


And we went to a more pacifist way of thinking. And I think that that's what's dangerous today. Alright, we Got more with 19 keys when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club,


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really, prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime Video, and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game? Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz Asada Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I love Storytelling And I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We want to speak out, we want to raise awareness and we want this to stop. Wow, Very powerful. I'm Ellie Flynn And I'm an investigative journalist. When a group of models from the UK wanted my help, I went on a journey deep into the heart of the adult entertainment industry. I really wanted to be a Playboy model. Lingerie, topless. I said, yes please. Because at the center of this murky world is an alleged predator. You know who he is because of his pattern of behavior. He's just spinning the web for you to get trapped in it. He's Everywhere and has been everywhere. It's so much worse and so much more widespread than I had anticipated. Together we're going to expose him and the rotten industry he works in, It's not just me, we are an army in comparison to him. Listen to the bunny trap on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lone La Rosa is hanging up with us as well. We're still kicking with 19 keys. Charlemagne, you Know everything you're talking about. What, what do you, what do you think of like, because you're describing basically like a, so a sovereign wealth fund. And you see Trump just signed the order establishing a sovereign wealth fund Yeah. For America. So it's like, you're right. They're doing, yeah. Things that we could potentially be doing. They, they show you the blueprint right there. You wanna do boycott? That's old. That's just one part of it. If you'all wanna be the active, and sure we need somebody to make the noise, right? We need somebody to bring attention. But allow people who actually have real plans about infrastructure and we don't, I don't need to come on here and break it all down.


That's void of the point. You don't need to let your enemy know everything that you're doing. But the point is, is that there are real people who actually know how to lead these things. And the reason that I'm saying like I don't wanna just go on social media and say it. I wanna have these conversations with leaders behind the scenes. I, I, I feel like, you know, 19 keys, you represent a new generation of radical black consciousness that has always existed, has always cut through and has always needed. You know, that's why, you know, throughout the history of club, all of the OGs are older. Dr. Claude Anderson is older, honorable Lewis Farrakhan is older. Gregory is no longer here. So, you know, if we don't highlight you or the Wesley Muhammad or the newer Muhammad, I feel like we're doing, we're doing our, our, our, our culture a disservice.


Our community a disservice. Yeah. I don't like to use word, the word culture 'cause I'm not sure if we have one. Yeah, I think we, we, we devalue culture because we don't have enough values that we push. If you look around the room, right, it's a lot of great entertainers, right? It's a lot of money. Billions and billions of dollars. The activists Emini here, not the activists, but you got Dr. Claude Anderson up there. I don't up, you know, did Gregory right there? I ain't, I ain't even see on pictures on y'all Love little smart, you see. Gotta got 'em in there. You feel me? Yeah. But you know, the, the whole entire point of it is, is that I think we need to understand what the time we're living in right now without knowledge of the time we will lose.


And we are in an interesting cycle, right? We are at the end of an empire and right now they're gonna pull out all stops, a complete oligarchy control. Again, people should go study Doge, right? I'm talking about ancient and Venetia that lasted for 1100, no 1,100 years. And it was a, a, a oligarch society. The longest lasting one They playing in your face. They know that people, we don't read enough. They know that people not busy enough. They know that they can turn it into a meme, but then run the same play that they've ran throughout history to control the people. Mm. Right? And so now it's saying that, okay, we know what they doing, but what are we doing?


And so, you know, my proposal is having these round table discussions in front of the culture, but first having one behind the scene about our agreeance. So what I'm telling us is that we have to be a cosmic people. You have. So what is the save Yourself told man? Tell 'em when the dates are, when they can see you be a part of these roundtable discussions. You can go to 19 keys.com to sign up for the discussions. So we got the Gramercy Theater, I believe it's already sold out, but we are, I believe we're going to Atlanta next. And all the dates will be on the website. The goal is to spread this one out. Tours are very expensive and we wanted to figure out how do we create activations more so throughout the year, right? Because the goal with each one is to have a conversation with the people.


A high level conversation. I truly believe that that's what's missing in society. High level conversation, then activation, right? So we know how to utilize ai, we understand cryptocurrency, alright? We understand blockchain systems, right? We have the funding, the right people to access the resources. The goal is to bring them together in the room, have plans, and then execute on those plans. The other day, I build a down system by myself just testing it out. Years ago, that was much harder to do every year. These systems become much easier to use. We're just not practicing and using them, updating ourselves. So save Yourself is literally a me like, bro, you not drowning. Save yourself, right? Start investing, right? You ain't nothing wrong with you.


Start working, getting your mind right. You think you stressed, man, get out The World and go meditate. Go into nature. You feel me? Like somebody don't wanna give you a job, bro. Create your own, develop you a skillset over time. Learn ai, man. People need that. Start learning how to master prop on these systems, right? Look at where there's a problem. Build a app. You gotta influence, connect with somebody with some money. Combine these things together, right? So the meshes of Save Yourself is the, is a reinvention of the meshes of do for self, right? That we don't need anybody to save us and nobody's coming to save us and nobody needs to come to save us. When I look at the wealth standard of the Asians who have the highest household income in America, they're the most educated. They invest their money in gold and things of that nature.


Their culture is a savior culture. Gold is at a all time high today. Let's say Indian women have the most gold, right? So no matter what's going on in The World inside their cultural standards, right? It's how to save yourself no matter what. We don't have to tell everybody what to do, it's just a cultural practice. So the code is how do we then just create that as a cultural practice where these meetings and all this radical stuff is not necessary. Because when wealth is, we don't want financial literacy and wealth to be a revolutionary act. We want it to be normal. We want to just have generational wealth. And the only type of wealth that matters is generational. 'cause it's not passed down and it's individualistic, right? It's just something that you got. But what did you do with it? Who did you pass along?


Where's the power? The boomers about to pass all this wealth to millennials, not us. We look what happened out in California with the wildfires and Altadena. And that's very unfortunate because I believe we need to come together even more for that community that just lost all that generational wealth, all that real estate that was passed down. You know, Octavia Butler comes from there, the mother of futurism and Afrofuturism. And she predicted that. She predicted that it was gonna be up in flame. You know, the, the Hopi people had a prophecy that once we stopped being in harmony with the land and we just focus on extraction and domination, then that's what Mother Earth turns on us, right? And we need to get back into harmony and flow and we need a more resilient mind. So everywhere we go, we'll be teaching these things.


We'll be having these conversations. It's gonna be experiential. It's not just me talking. I'm actually gonna talk to the crowd and the focus we build on our own media network and, and platforms, right? And we want to platform more talented people. We want scientists on there. We want authors. We want people of vast knowledge and skillset, people of differing opinions. My goal is to make you think, because I believe as a thinking man, you a free man. All right, well they 19 keys where they could follow you. 19 man. They could find me on 19 underscore keys. Or you could follow the YouTube channel. 19 keys. I drop lectures there all the time. So make sure you tap in, make sure you subscribe to the high Level Conversations podcast with 19 Keys.


All right? It's 19 keys. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess You Music Real alliance, just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do no lie. She don't nobody Worldwide. Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. Hey Lauren, what's going on with with Kanye? Yo, I seen some interesting tweets. Oh boy. So whatever. Who, what's up with this Man? Yo Kanye is on Twitter, currently active right now.


Still tweet talking To Himself. Exactly. So last night in a a string of tweets, Kanye wanted to let people know he feel like Diddy should be free. So he tweeted Free Puff. That was the first tweet, right? And then after he tweeted Free puff, he just started going in, he said, all these celebrity N-word and Bs is P, the P word. Y'all watch her brother rot and never say nothing. F all the woke stuff, y'all n-word addicted to complaining, do something. We watched them try to cancel Chris Brown and ain't nobody do nothing. I was the P word then too. Chris Brown. It's you until the walls fall off. Slavery is a choice. Mm. Hey yo, Chris Brown and Diddy are two different niggas.


Yo, What? What? Because they are, they're very much on two total different ends of The spectrum. We got more tweets to get to. All right? So then he comes back because people are like, now people are picking up the free puff. So he Kanye's like, well, any N word that come in my face and ask me about that puff tweet, I'm stealing off on them immediately. I don't give a F about you eight feet tall. I'm gonna jump and steal off on you. No more n words telling me what the color hat to wear. If you ask me on the phone, I'm hanging up immediately and never speaking to you again. If you DM me, I'm blocking you. If you n words is controlled and broke, all you Kamala D riding F words That rhyme with maggots.


Yes. Fraggle, maggots. Yep. Y'all got everything to say about my opinions. When you just doing what the n words make you do for money, you f words don't, don't mean gay either. It means the F word. Like it always meant you F-ing. Oh, I can't say that you said Effing you fine. Oh, f-ing R word. Okay, She, she's too careful. They shouldn't let me read it. No, definitely can't let you read it. No, no, no, no, no. Again, let you come on. And then, and then, so in the string of all these tweets, right, he FaceTimes Christian or somehow they end up on FaceTime. I don know who called who? Christian Diddy son. Yep. And you know Christian's like, yeah, like, you know, free my dad. Then Kanye releases a Sean John collab on his yeezy.com website.


Here's one of the T-shirts. It's just simple t-shirts that say Sean John on them that he says that him and Puff were talking about before Puff got locked up. He's like, you know what, I'm gonna release him now free puff. They listed on his website for 20 bucks. And then he just keeps going, yo, like he, he then starts to talk about the Jews. He says he's a Nazi. He says, yeah, He said he's a Nazi. Yes. He said, I'm a Nazi. Literally in a tweet. He also said, I thought this was a good one. He said, there are there theirs and theirs. That's some, can I say, Lemme see Here. Yeah, that's the word. The H word. Is that a slur? A honkeys. Oh, okay. I didn't know. Yeah, You can say a honky. Oh, okay. Honky, honky, honky. Like, come on.


That's, that's some hunky S word. I don't got time to be figuring out none of that when I tweet. There's nothing whiter than English itself. The N word to speak perfect English, be broke. Schools and religions are made to control and limit critical entrepreneurial thinking. You F word educated R words. It's a lot. What else he said? He said some of his best friends are Jewish and he still don't trust any of 'em. He said he does have dominion over his wife. This ain't no woke feminist S word. She's with a billionaire. Why was she listening to any of you dumb? A broke bees. People say the red carpet look was her decision. Yes. I don't make her do nothing she doesn't wanna do, but definitely wouldn't have been able to do it without my approval. You stupid.


A woke pawns. He says she's a billionaire. Why wouldn't she listen? He said he's vy to mayback Simon. He's gonna make the Jewish person that sells the Maybach to him read all his tweets. You know, if, if he wants to ride for Diddy, you know, nothing wrong with that, that's on him. But we do realize Kanye has been acting out all week because he's envious of Kendrick's moment. Right? No Emini here. And then didn't something just come out, him and his wife autistic, right? He not both Of them. Both Of the Wife made him look it checked out autistic, right? No, Just him. That's just attention seeking. He's looking, he's doing that because he's envious of Kendrick's moment. He wishes this was him because Kendrick is having a moment for being a prolific artist who took out his number one op Drake.


Right? That's what Kanye wishes. That was him in this moment. So he's been doing all these antics for attention all week. Weird because he's trying to get people to do exactly what they are doing now. And that's talking about him. But Kanye, that is a side show compared to what Kendrick did on Sunday at the Grammys and what Kendrick is gonna do this Sunday at the Super Bowl. And then what you did at the Grammys, you bought a raw chicken wing on the red carpet, raw chicken. I wonder if she's ever cold. Yo, it was, y'all never be cold. She, she came in with a coat first, then she took it off for coat and It's the cheapest My, this is the cheapest relationship. I ain't never gotta spend no money on no clothes because Jordan ain't never got nothing on. And You and you using the right word, just cheap. You know, all these antics are cheap.


Meanwhile, you got people on that stage being rewarded for their art the way that you used to Kanye And the crazy and Kendrick Lamar got rewarded five times for a disc record to your number one op. You wish that was you? 1, 3, 4, 5 plus five. Hey, But you, you know the crazy thing about all that you just said, everything that he said, we just talked about Kanye for about two, three minutes and nobody ever said that he released a record last night. That's what I'm saying. He Did crazy. I didn't even, He released the record last night too Much saying Kendrick, Kendrick is getting rewarded and praised all week for being a prolific artist. Yeah. Who took out Kanye's number one Op Kanye wishes that was him. All these antics are cheap to try to get attention to.


Try to step on Kendrick's moment for the week. We don't care. Kanye. Yeah, We don't. And, and it just don't make no sense. He tweeted, he turned down three photos this week with a Make-A-Wish kid in a wheelchair. Like what does it have to do with anything? And then he said he got in the shower thought of more, I don't understand. He said not either. And he's proud of the fact that a kid would make-a wish. That means the kid is gonna die soon. And his wish was to take a picture with ye and you turned it down and you proud of that Clown. He said he not off the Henny either. A clown. I tell The whole thing. Shoot Man. Well what else we got going on y'all, We won't have time for. Okay, so Real quick, And I don't like people who do corny stuff, but then try to make it seem like just because they getting money, it's not corny, it's corn corny. I don, I don't care that you're a billionaire, billionaires, corny.


I don't care that your wife billionaire, there's plenty of corny ass billionaire. Absolutely. He said I spent 1.5 s on my Super Bowl commercials And I tweeted all this. Let's see if Fox won't get that money back. He tweeted that. We don't care. It's still corny. And guess what? Culture will range Supreme when Kendrick Lamar takes that Super Bowl stage on Sunday. And that was what everybody is gonna be talking about. So go in and get button naked. Show your titties, Kanye. We still don't care. Dang. Because that's the only thing left to do. Show ties now because he got some, He said he cut the grass sometimes too on Twitter. So maybe he playing the show something else. Oh, but That's why they, that's why. Oh God. Oh my god. I wanna mention they did the NFL honors and Snoop took shots at Bill Belichick in his new little young thing. Let's take a listen.


I've been a football fan for a long, long time. Emini here. I remember back when the Cowboys was good. I remember back when the chiefs was bad And I remember, what was it? Bill Belichick's girlfriend wasn't even born yet. Yeah. How old is she? Like 24 years old. His cheerleader girlfriend is 24. And Bill Belichick is what? 72. 72. Jesus Christ. They've been on his body since they popped out last summer together. She, she a white 24. So she technically like 50 or four. Stupid. Not, no, not even gonna hold you just her face. Do give like 52. Yeah, Body give 24, face get 52.


But I don't know what the mouth right Mass. Alis Viagra and gas station pills and the honey packs, all that. Dang. It's all good. You trying to take him outta here. All thank you, Jess with the mess. You. Thank you Jess. Thank you Lauren. When we come back, Charlamagne, who we giving that down too? Man. There's a state trooper. I don't know if she is a state trooper still, but she don't need to be. Her name is Jennifer Al Je she should come. She needs to come to the front of congregation. We like to have a war with her, please. All Right, we'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Peace to the planet. Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I want you to know that our audible picker today is Atlas of the Heart. Tap into Brene Browns incredible insight on understanding emotions and making meaningful connections. Listen, when you sign up for a free trial at audible.com/breakfast club Charmagne, Some donkey days just Sell themselves Char man, I was ready for donkey.


I never heard on donkey other day. What is it? Donkey? Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Everything Charlamagne is saying is true. Okay, hold on. Donkey, today for Friday, February 7th goes to a New Jersey state trooper named Jennifer Al Bja. Jennifer, I am disappointed in you, but you represent what The World is now. And that's a bunch of people with zero empathy for their fellow man or woman. Okay? We don't give a damn about what other humans are going through. And that's how I know Jesus has no desire to return to this godforsaken place. Okay? Why would you wanna come back to a place your father has abandoned?


By the way, God ain't lost. We are okay. God don't need to find us. We need to find God and Jennifer. You absolutely need Jesus and you need his Father. Throw some Holy Ghost on that thing too, because this story I heard for the first time, the day was insane. See, because of Jennifer Al Bja, an Essex County jury is handed down an $11.5 million verdict. And I don't think that's enough money. Okay, why did you know they have to hand this money down? Because back in 2017, Jennifer pulled over a woman named Cheryl Ryans of Jersey City, New Jersey, drop on the cruise bombs for Shell R I'm telling you right now, this story is gonna piss you off. Okay? This is why back in 88 NWA wrote songs like F the Police.


Okay? When you hear Kendrick Lamar this Sunday when he's performing, all right say All my life I had to fight. And you hear him say, we hate the Popo, it's because of stories like this. Now I know all police officers aren't bad. Okay? I got love for law enforcement when they do their job correctly. And I know their job is difficult, but cops like Jennifer Al Bja give cops a bad name. And I would hope that police officers around the country, but especially cops in the beautiful state of New Jersey, would denounce this disgusting display of behavior from Jennifer Albu. You see, Cheryl Ryans was minding her business, driving to work when she began to feel sick. So she pulled over on the shoulder of a highway in Newark, and the state trooper by the name of Jennifer, Jennifer Al Bja responded.


And Cheryl Rhines didn't respond to her commands. Okay? Cheryl Rhines couldn't communicate coherently, okay? She couldn't stand upright. So Jennifer Al Bja, the state trooper, thought she was intoxicated. Now, Cheryl had no signs of intoxication. Jennifer found no signs of intoxication, okay? No smell or sign of substance abuse. And Cheryl rz, her face was drooping. You know why? Why? Because Cheryl was having a devil damn stroke. Okay? Lord have mercy. Jesus Christ. Jesus, I understand. Why you not spending the block on Earth? All this woman, Cheryl Rhines was having a stroke, and Jennifer Al Bja thought she was effed up. Oh yeah, she was effed up just off.


Just not off. No drugs, alcohol, okay? This woman, Cheryl Rhines, was dressed in business attire at 8:00 AM on a weekday and had no prior offenses. Okay? Don't let Donald Trump find out about this one. Right? If Donald Trump finds out about this woman, Jennifer Al Bja, I may even agree with him that this is DEI hire behavior. Okay? This is the incompetence. People believe DEI hires display. I don't know this woman's race And I don't care. But I do want to know her age because one of my favorite OGs, who was up here this week, the legendary TK Kirkland drop on a loose bonds with tk. He put us up on a game a long time ago as to why you can't date no young girls. I don't know if Jennifer's young or not, but it sounds very young.


You know why it sounds young? And you know why TK don't wanna date no young girls? Because you need a woman who can recognize the signs of a stroke. Let's listen. I said, listen, I gotta start fucking with s that know sign of a stroke. See, people don't think about that. I got this stuff that know a sign of a stroke, these young can't save your mother life. S right, I'm in my sixties. I gotta stop thinking I'm a young kid. Could you imagine? I'm with a young over our house, we eat mother sandwiches And I, my face drooping my eyes.


Go back this. Ooh, look at my making faces us. I never, I never seen this one. I never seen this one. We about to go viral. Hey, we up at a 2000 babying bb. Put the phone down. TK is absolutely right. You need a woman who is old enough to recognize the signs of a stroke. Jennifer, I have no idea how how old you are, but how dare you. Do you know she failed to get Cheryl Ryan's treatment at a hospital and the hospital was five minutes away?


No. And instead of getting her to a hospital, she searched her car, then handcuffed her and took her to the police station. She delayed treatment by two and a half hours. A sergeant at the station finally called the EMTs, but the state trooper still left Cheryl Ryan shackled on the floor even after they determined she was in medical distress. Fire the whole department. Okay, where is Doge when you need them? Okay, government efficiency can't just be about bunny. All right? And be about DEI highs, it should be about blatant incompetence. And this is blatant incompetence. Okay? When officers say they are protecting and serving, what does that mean? Exactly? Because this is the exact opposite of that. Now, Dennis m Donnelly, I don't know who that is, but I love what he told the New Jersey monitor.


He said, And I quote, I attribute the botched police response. The state troopers, us versus them military mentality. He says they approach their jobs as warriors instead of guardians. They see everybody in the public as a danger. They treated this woman like she was a criminal when she was helpless. End quote. I agree with Dennis. Okay? If you see everybody in the public as a danger, then you won't be able to recognize when someone in the public is actually in danger. This poor woman spent nearly two weeks in the hospital in another month in rehab where she's permanently disabled. She's unable to speak or understand what people say to her. She has a language disorder caused by stroke related brain damage. All because she didn't get the help she needed in a timely manner because of the ignorance of Jennifer Al Bja.


Okay? This woman deserved more than $11 million. At first, the jury awarded her 19.1 million to cover her future medical care, emotional distress, pain and suffering and loss of income. But they reduced it because they blamed 60% of Ryan's disabilities on the delayed treatment and 40% on the stroke itself. Which they say the state trooper didn't cause it. That's true. But I would argue that the inhumane treatment caused by the state trooper, the fact that she delayed her getting the help she needed, caused the more stress and made the situation even more worse. And Cheryl might not be as bad off as she is now if that state trooper would've responded differently and got her help in a timely manner.


Look man, the highest form of knowledge is empathy. And this is why so many of us are ignorant to life nowadays, because we don't have any needless to say, Jennifer Albu, you have none. Please give Jennifer Abuja the biggest heehaw. Disgusting, disgusting, disgusting Ghetto. Oh, and she, she had been a trooper for only two years when she arrested Ryans and she was counseled by her supervisors about the incident. No, she shouldn't be on, she, she don't deserve to be a state trooper. No more m not At all. Alright, well thank you for that Donkey of the day. Now, when we come back, Nicole Avon will be joining us.


Oh Man. I love Nicole Avon. She has a book out. She came up here last year to promote it. It's called Think You'll Be Happy. But she has the paperback that's out now with a new forward from her husband Ted Sar. So she'll be here to talk all about that. That's right. And we'll kick with them next. So don't move Mr. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Are impacted by him, bill Wizards, Hank Aaron, presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton. Andrew Young and countless executives whom he'd created opportunities for and shepherded in his remarkable life and career. He was a man who demanded fairness and justice in The World. That was often short on both. He loved music and history and made both spending, spending time together in the last years of his life filled a void for me that the loss of my own father had created.


Wow. I hadn't been in time when my father departed, but I was in the room in Clarence Field. Mm. Emini here. Yeah. Wow. I know. I'm already getting like, well, How are you doing? Yeah, We got tissues. I'm, I know. I'm, I'm good. I, I miss him a lot. But I'm really, I feel very blessed to have had a soul like that. Emini here. Clarence to me, was one of the most powerful souls I've ever met. I've never met anybody like that. Same. I really haven't. And to know that I to, to just feel every single day I feel his presence. And just the knowing of this soul raised me and this soul gave me a toolbox.


And he, that's the best gift he gave me, which was, here's a toolbox. All this gonna happen in life. The grab this tool for this, grab this tool for this. The resentment comes, drop it. This comes, you know what Emini here, he was able to, he was just such a master of, of how life works. And he was so big on, you know, his big saying was, you come with a number and you end with a number. And in between that is your dash. What the f are you going to do with your dash? It's yours. And your choices and your decisions are gonna determine your life. Period. 'cause he said you've already seen it. It's like Tyler Perry just posted.


I can't repost to you. 'cause I thought it was so good. We have the blueprint. That's right. We have the blueprint. We have seen everybody, especially in the black race, who has shown us what they did, how they had to go through it, how they overcame things, how they thought about things, how they strategize. You have a blueprint, but we have to use the blueprint, not just be, you know, be be fueled by it. And, And I, And I just, the times that I, you know, my dad always reminded me, you know, again, you, but everybody is going to leave this earth, Nicole. Everybody, that's the one thing we all have in common. Nobody gets a pass. So do as much as you can with your life and experience as many things and as many people as possible.


And try to do good. And, and make a d wherever you are and whatever you do in life. 'cause everybody's important. So when you talk about your father passing, there's a, there's a sense of peace and you know, you guys got to spend the time. Your mom situation was a lot different. Yes. And in this book, you, you talk a lot about that night when everything happened with your mom. When did you get to a point even where you weren't angry about what happened with your mom? Ooh, because I was, I would say there was pro, it was probably about six months in fairness there. I remember the fourth, I remember it was April. It was right before Easter. And I had one huge outburst again with one of my father's best friends. Al Hammond.


I called him And I was furious. I was still screaming, crying, trying to figure things out. And everybody was great. Law enforcement was great. Everybody was, we're gonna help you. We've got this. But every day I kept forgiving, forgiving, forgiving for myself, not for the person. Didn't condone the behavior, don't condone violence, I don't condone any of that. But I knew, I hate what happened so much that I knew if I got stuck in that hate or stayed in that hate, then I was not gonna be able to finish. Think you'll be happy. I was not gonna be able to make the six. Aaa. I wasn't even gonna be able to be a good human being because I was gonna be a bitter human being. That's what I fought the demon of the bitterness was gonna kill me.


It felt like it was strangling me. Mm. And I was like, no, no, no, no. So I just went through the grief and the grief. You kinda have to carry it with you. It doesn't go anywhere, right? So you carry it with you and then you learn how to manage it. And it does get lighter and lighter, but it gets lighter because I chose to let go every day. I had to ask God for grace, ask God for wisdom and guidance, and then say, I cast these burdens. I'm gonna cast the burden of anger. I cast the burden of, of resentment and bitterness just so I can move forward. Not to condone the behavior, but just so I, I wanna move forward in my life, right? I wanna live my life All. We got more with Nicole Avon when we come back.


Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Peace Of the planet, Charlemagne, tha God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real. That's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's streaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally kicks the dynamic. New exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz and Ada Shakur. A sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I love storytelling And I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We want to speak out, we want to raise awareness and we want this to stop. Wow. Very powerful. I'm Ellie Flynn And I'm an investigative journalist. When a group of models from the UK wanted my help, I went on a journey deep into the heart of the adult entertainment industry. I really wanted to be a Playboy model. Lingerie, topless. I said, yes please. Because at the center of this murky world is an alleged predator. You know who he is because of his pattern of behavior. He's just spinning the web for you to get trapped in it. He's Everywhere and has been everywhere. It's so much worse and so much more widespread than I had anticipated. Together we're going to expose him and the rotten industry he works in, It's not just me, we are an army in comparison to him. Listen to the Bunny Trap on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Everybody. It's DJ NV, just Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Lar is hanging with us as well. We're still kicking it with Nicole Avon, of course, Clarence Avon's daughter and her book, moving Through Grief with Grit, grace and Gratitude is out. Now. I was gonna ask about the, the movie. I know we talked about it, we breezed over it a little bit. But let's get into the movie a little bit as well. 'cause that's on streaming on Netflix. Yeah. The six Triple eight. Yeah. So break down the movie and, and Emini here. People are seeing it on Netflix. I'm sure Emini here, It's it. Well it's, I think it's been number two on Netflix globally, which is huge for this type of film. Emini here, all black cast, female World War II movie. It was great. It, thank you. I learned a lot. It's, and it, that's why I wanted to tell the story.


So the story came to me. It was my fellow producer, Carrie Sea League. She's, she sent me a sizzle reel. She said, listen, I know that you've probably heard of the six Triple eight, but you know, I don't know if you know the whole story, which I didn't. I knew of. I heard of Major Charity Adams. I did not know about the battalion. I just didn't. And I went to my mom. I said, how come you didn't tell, you told me about Charity Adams. And she said, I told you about them. You're not remembering, but you must tell this story. Nicole. This is such an important part of American history. It's a great part of World War II history that none of us really knew. And it's great for black women.


And I wanted to celebrate these black women. And we had Mrs. King who passed away right before we put out the film. But Tyler being Tyler made sure he got the film to her and he watched it with her and she was able to say thank you. Wow. And she was able to leave this earth knowing that The World was going to know their story. I was, I think this movie is so important because man, when you look at what this administration is doing, and you look at what you know people are doing all across the country in regards to just trying to erase our history, this might be the only way these stories get told. You know, it's interesting you say that because I think art and film and, and tv, all of it, I think it's the best way to keep our history alive or all history alive.


Any history alive is, that's why there's so many movies, I would say about World War II and every other war is, it's very important to tell the stories in a very creative way. And that's the one medium that usually brings more people together than Matt. That's right. And that's why these stories have to, we have to continue to talk about all them. I I'm happy that, you know, I always knew the Tuskegee airmen and that's why I was so pissed that I didn't know the six triple eight. Yeah. I didn't know. I'm not taking anything away from the Tuskegee airmen, but I'm like, well, wait a minute. These black women help win the war too in a different way. But if you have no male, there's low morale. And if you have no morale, you, you're not a winner.


You can't win. You can't fight. You feel like you're fighting for nothing. That's right. You're fighting for nothing. You need to know that you have, you wife is home waiting for you, your husband, your father, your mother, your children. You need human connection. There is no email, no wifi, no Facebook, no nothing. Yeah. They have the US Postal Service. That's right. And that's what I think is so phenomenal of what these women were able to accomplish. And by the way, overseas, again, not even going to different states in America, let alone at different, different countries, The World. Y'all did a good job of showing that parallel too, because the, the one girl in the movie who, her actual like significant other, he went away to to the war and she hadn't heard from him. So she was like frustrated. Yeah. It really showed like why, because I was watching it with people who were like, but they only doing mail to your point.


But then when you saw her storyline, it's like, that's why the mail was important. I think that helped, like that overarching storyline helped you understand the importance of their job too. I thought that that was a great Oh, I love it. You love that piece. I don't know if you guys did that on purpose, but Yes. No, we did. But thank you for, because it's 'cause Tyler was like, we have to really show why. Yeah. And it actually did happen. But it's to your, again, everyone's like, oh, it's just the male. But it's really not just anything. It's communication, right? It's humanity. And But we didn't get that until that scene that you're talking about. Yeah. And, and it does make a huge difference that people need to see the power of human connection and the power of your why. Why is somebody doing something? Why is somebody being so committed to, they were also trying to prove themselves.


They were also trying to plant seeds again for all of us to be sitting here doing what we're doing. You don't have to be in the armed forces. I think people, we all have to remember everybody in our history and everybody before us, they knew they weren't gonna see the fruits of their labor. There wasn't, you know what Emini here, there were so many people who still fought for civil rights knowing that they may not get their rights, but we were worth it. Then when we came along, we would have our rights. That is what I respect so much about people who were never gonna receive any benefits and still said, I'm doing this 'cause it's the right thing to do. That's right. Y'all were nominated for best original Song too.


Yes. What does that mean to you? Yes. Oh my gosh. Well, I'll call Oscar. It's amazing because twofold again, 'cause Clarence comes in here again 'cause my dad and Diane Warren have been friends forever. Wow. And the fact that it's Diane who wrote the song and then her singing the song, it's so great. But that's who I was able to say to my father when he was passing over. I said, dad, you know, here's your journey. Go on your journey. You had such a great journey. I said, and of course, guess who wrote the song Diane Warren. I said, your girl who likes to curse just as much as you. That's how they became friends because he said, I've never met somebody who drops an F bomb more than me. Faster than me. But she's brilliant, right? She's a brilliant songwriter. And I was just so happy that this is the category that we got in Oscar nomination.


And I was like, okay, I'll take this. 'cause this song is everything and the song really makes the movie. I don know how you felt, but I thought the song was just perfect. And I love the response around The World about the six triple eight of every response is, I had no idea number one. And then the second response is, and now I could feel that I could do anything. Or I've sat with my children and I've watched this with my children and this has been great Emini here I was on Brett Bear Show on On Fox. And they were so supportive of the six AA and it was so great that this story is just resonating. That's what Emini here is every, everybody wants to talk about this film because it's important and it's, it's a great piece of history that everyone should know.


Well thank you for joining us this morning. That's right. Thank You. It's aaa. You could check it on Netflix right now. It's streaming now. And the book Think You'll Be Happy is out right now. Paperback is Out Right now. Is available right now with a Forward by Ted Randall. Tell ta we do want him up here when he's in New York. Ted Ted will, Ted will love it. Okay. He's great. Okay, Well we'll see you again. When? When Yes. When the other book comes out. Yes, please. Alright. Yes. Nicole Avon The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Everybody Is DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to pass the Arks.


Yeah. DJ come spin. Come spin. What's Up Myla? What's up guys? Big Nyla, Happy Friday. Happy Black History Month man. Yeah. Happy Black History. You know what I'm Saying? Don't start What? Don't start. All I'm saying was happy Black history. Ignore how you feeling Nala. What we got today, man. Man. I'm feeling great. And speaking of Black History month, y'all know I, I'm obsessing over this girl. Her name's Kennedy Ryan. She's a black girl from Atlanta and she makes this spicy r and b. She has a song called Baby Mama that I really like. But I'm gonna play this record called BAN, which stands for Bum Ass S. That's odd. I love that record. You like that? I like that. That's odd. I just hope it's, it definitely Spicy.


Yeah. Yeah. I just hope it's a record that don't like discourage black women from dating black men though. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Because a lot of times black women will hear a record like that and then we run out and want to date others, which is cool. But you know, I believe in black love. What else you got Nala? That's, I believe in black love as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I do you know there's bu ass is I thought remember you said that Donald Trump. Trump Bu ass. Every people though. That's what I'm saying. It has nothing to do with colors. It's just if you a bu ass, you bu ass say N word. You over your N word quota. Black History Month. Black History Month. Oh Y'all Be time where we get unlimited. That's what I'm Saying. No, not during Black History Month. No, no. You'll be a quota All well, since it's Black History month. I wanna keep it, I guess Afrocentric, I'm gonna play some Afrobeats.


RMA just dropped a record called Baby and it's sample Sade just in the wine. That's dope trade sample. That's the Wine and the nice fat L roll blunt. You know what Emini here. That's nice. That's the good vibe. RMA From Nigeria, right? I believe so. Yeah. Yeah. Sade is from Nigeria. Oh yeah, she's biracial. She's biracial. She was a Nigerian father and an English mother. I did Not know Name Helen. No, it's not that. It is. Oh no, you're right. It is Helen. Helen. It's something African too. Helen, like Dday. Oh no. Okay. Yeah, like Pade, something like that. I dude making up name. But that's where Sade came from. It is a part of her last name.


You right it Ade Paula Sade? Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. No, I thought you was just being You Char man. Okay, so IDK and Denzel Curry dropped the track. Y'all know I love rappers who rap. So this call, this song's called Su. Okay. I like it. It's cool. All right. I like The first two Better. Definitely like the first two better. No disrespect to IDK Snoop to IDK. It's cool. That first one you played, who was that? Kennedy Ryan Hard. Yeah, I like That. I'm a rap at heart so I'm just biased whenever you over Your Quota. I'm right, I'm right. Okay. My last record for the day is of course Cardi B partisan. Fontaine with too it up. See what I can hear New Orleans doing with that is like some big freeda stuff. Like I can, I can see that being rotation for New Orleans, but it's just a little outside the box of what card and party I think would produce usually.


Do you think so? Yeah. That sound like exactly what they produce. Nah, The lyrics. The lyrics. Yeah. But the, it just, it sounds different. Don't sound like a card party. I still play backing it up. That's what I'm saying. But That's why That that was a good, That's I why you say it sound like something different that they would do. Like just tooth that thing up back that thing up. It's the same thing. I actually, I love Party, right? I've been a fan of Party for a long time. Yeah. I I want more deeper party. 'cause like party, like if you go go listen to his first project, not supposed to be here and listen to songs like Mercy, like I want records like that. He don't gimme enough of that to constantly gimme me the baby Records. I agree. I agree with you because shake it to the East. Shake it to the what Baby?


Shake it to the east and shake it to The World. I don Know. But you Know, party's a person that's outside too. And, and when you a rapper that's outside you and you know as a DJ they wanna hear their music in the clubs, But you got records that can play in the club before that got a little more substance And I party, party no back, back It up. You could play in the club. Right? And and the whole verse is empowering women. Like, I don't know Yo nah, let What And Shake to the East Shake. Like that's like a cheerleader quote. I don't know, I just didn't love it and Too is cool. But I'm just saying like, I want to hear more, I guess I want to hear more, more intelligent street records from Party before he gives me that God damn Jess over there dying. What happened Jeff? All right Jeff, You know how something going on the wrong pipe?


I'm still laughing at shaking. It's real pep rally. Like I want hear stuff like Hoopy rap. You know what I'm saying? I wanna hear stuff like intelligent n word from party. Like I'm a I I I rock the party. I've been listening to the party for a long time way before he blew up. Like I need more of that. Okay. To be able to, to digest more of this. You know what Emini here, I, I agree. Alright retweet if you guys like it, make sure you guys listen to it on my playlist. It's certified playlist. You can get to it by following me on Instagram at nyla simone N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Make sure you, while you there you follow my podcast page. We need to talk, we drop a new episode every week and yeah, just tap in. Oh oh. And then also Battle beats going down February 21st.


So if you're a producer and you wanna compete, we got DJ Diamond Cuts as a guest judge. Shout the diamond cuts. And then we also have DFI Aura as a guest judge. So if you guys are interested, please submit your beat. You can go to certified vibe.com. Submissions are open. Alright, well let's get to the People's Choice mix. You know, we throw back on a Friday, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake Up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club.


Charlemagne to God here. And I want you to let Audible expand your life by listening. Tap into your wellbeing with audio books, podcast and originals on better health relationships, finance and more. And reach the goals you set for yourself. Sign up today for a free 30 day trial@audible.com.


Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month. We be doing


Man SLU to my guy BDot. You know, every day during Black History month, my guy BDot puts out a podcast on the Black Fact iHeartRadio podcast network called, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Well he tells you about some Black history month facts you may not have known. So today we're gonna go back 132 years ago where black college football was born in a snowstorm, okay? Where horse drawn carriages and custom made cleats paved the way for a game that would change history. Let's check it out. We know who the 2024 HBCU champion is, but let's take it back 133 years ago, 1892. It's freezing. Snow is everywhere. And what do these brothers decide to do? Start black college football. Yep. In less than a football field of snow. Because when life gives us blizzards, we make history baby. Now I live in Charlotte and to get to Salisbury it's about 45 minutes in the car. But back in 1892 it was Mason, beha and Cameron Horse and carriage. Five hours. Do you know how long five hours is in the cold? That's where your toes start questioning their life choices. And they wasn't rolling up in luxury carriages. No, this ain't Cinderella. It was more like, hold on tight y'all one of these wheels is wobbling. But here's where it gets good because the women at Living Stone College, they like to say lc. Lemme tell you, these ladies were the real MVPs because they didn't just make the uniforms, they tailored them. I'm talking custom fits. I could see 'em now over there on campus of LC. No Jerome hold steel. Your chest is lopsided and cleats. Oh, they didn't buy no cleats. They customized them. Probably had some brother in the workshop like, hey y'all, y'all want some spikes or some glitter on Y's? 'cause you know, sometimes you gotta pop out in shows again. So game they comes and where do they play? No, not a stadium. Not even a field. A lawn. Yeah, somebody's front yard. Emini here, you out there dodging defenders and daffodil bushes. I don't even know if daffodil bushes are a thing. And let's talk about the final score. Biddle Institute five Living Stone College. Zero. Biddle Institute is now Johnson c Smith University. They like to say JCSU, but that was the final score. Five to nothing. I don know what you're thinking. Was that even a game? But did somebody tripping to the end zone? But it wasn't about the score, it was about the statement. These dudes weren't just playing football. They were saying, yeah, it's snowing and yeah, we got 10 hours of carriage ride round trip, but we still gonna make history. And they did that, that game laid the foundation for everything we love about HBCU football today. The women supporting the team, whether it's getting the uniforms out, cheering in the stands, the bands, the halftime shows, the energy. It all started with some brothers in the snow and some sisters with a kneeling thread. So next time you are watching a game sipping your hot cocoa. Remember this December 27th, 1890 two, a hundred and thirty three years ago, these folks was out there in freezing weather, no gloves, just grit. And the women, oh they on the sidelines. Like, y'all better win. I ain't stay up all night sewing these uniforms for nothing. And I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Happy Black History Month. I Learned something new every single time. BDot does that, man. So make sure you subscribe to, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeart Radio Podcast Network hosted by my God be salute.


All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. All right, now you guys enjoy your Super Bowl Sunday? I was actually supposed to be in New Orleans, but Bluffing No, you my daughter's, you know, I'm a dance dad and they have a competition on Super Bowl Sunday, which makes no sense to me. Oh, I got that this weekend too. I got, well my daughter does competitive cheerleading, so I'm in the, I'm in the same boat. Yeah. So I don't know why, but I know, I know this weekend I'm probably gonna be the only dad there. But it's all good. I, I enjoy seeing my daughters do their dance thing and compete. So hopefully they get a couple of first place prizes. But I'm just here for it man.


I just love it. All right, it's time to get up outta here. What you doing this weekend? I know you in New Orleans. What? I'm in New Orleans. Yeah. I got a couple events to pull up to. I got a couple interviews to do and then I might, I still haven't even decided if I'm gonna actually go to the game. I don't know. I might actually fly home just in time to watch the halftime. I, I, I feel like yo, that'd be better to watch on tv 'cause then you actually get to see like the angles is not, it's not, it's not like a big loud concert. Yeah. Yeah. Why? I just feel like it'll be better to watch Kendrick on the tv. Yeah. You know the, the concert be there. I seen Dre and them perform And I seen the weekend perform and when I was there you missed so much 'cause you're there actual, and like you said, you missed the angles, you missed this one, you missed that one.


Right. And the weekend came out right next to where we were and you just didn't feel the effects. And when I seen it after, I'm like, it was so much better to see it on TV than to be there in person to see it. Yeah. Or You can experience it live and then go watch it later, you know? Yeah, that's true too. Yeah. That's Cool. And you don't wanna fly back Monday with everybody else. Yeah. So that's what I'm saying. The Super Bowl started at six. I'm flying back probably like four o'clock. Gotcha. And then yeah. Alright, well be safe out there. Now Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. You know, we was talk, talking about empathy earlier during Donkey Today, man, And I just wanna tell folks that empathy is about standing in someone else's shoes. All right? Feeling with his or her heart, seeing with his or her eyes. Not only is empathy hard to outsource and automate, but it makes The World a better place. So make sure you're making The World a better place by having a lot of empathy for people.


Have a Blessed Weekend, breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


What have you asked? Two different people the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. I think God sent me this gift so I can show it to The World. And most of all, I help people every single day. Listen to the Ghost Therapy podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.