
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Welcome To Pot of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skar. Sabine Ren, specter five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter Six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew stowaway moderator. Each week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom Voices, Zar Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue The music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts From.


The Producers who brought you Princess of South Beach comes a new podcast. The setup. The setup follows A lonely museum curator. But when the perfect man walks into his life, Well, I guess I'm saying I like it. You Like me? He actually is too good to be true. This is a con. I'm conning you to get the Del Painting. You can do this together. Listen to the setup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why would you do that to me? Los Angeles 2021, A friendly neighbor appears out of nowhere and promises to make all my dreams come true. Let's not forget that David Bloom was a professional con artist, so you didn't stand a chance. But my dreams soon turned into a nightmare. I'm Caroline De listen as I take down my scammer on Once Upon a con on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo. Jess is out today. What up Lauren? La Rosa. Good morning y'all. Charlamagne's running a little late and it's Friday week in is here. Damon, how you feeling? I Feel good. I can't wait to sleep. You can't wait to sleep. You God used out last night. No, no, no. I didn't go anywhere. I just had a long week. Like I'm getting adjusted to work a, a daily podcast. That's right. I have a show that I do with BET now called BET talks, and then I'm here. That's right. So I've been like, That's a lot. Yes, that's a lot. I'm getting adjusted, but can it's gonna pay. I'm asleep tonight. It's a Lot. It's a lot.


Well, yes, the weekend is here. Salute to everybody. You know, me and the wife, we have a a, a book, our second book, which is coming out April 15th, which is next Tuesday. Not this Tuesday, coming up the following Tuesday. And we've been doing a lot of press. So we've been doing podcasts, we've been doing interviews, so we've been heavy about this book. So yesterday we did a bunch of podcasts, a bunch of podcasts from the West Coast. It was like father podcast. I didn't know there was that many dad podcasts. It's just like the Tired Dad podcast. And this podcast, there's a lot of fathers that do podcasts. And we just had hour long conversations about raising kids and how difficult it is and being a girl, dad and all that. So if you haven't pre-ordered, pre-ordered, our book is Real Life Real Family. We just talk about raising empowered children and the process of doing it.


You know, we have six starts from the age of 23 to three. So again, if you haven't pre-ordered, pre-ordered the book and hopefully we're gonna be going on a tour. So hopefully we here to city near you and can't wait to see you guys. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Melanie Fiona will be joining us now. Melanie Fiona, she has a new ep Say Yes. We haven't seen her in about what, 13 years? It's the last time she dropped a project. So we gonna be kicking it with me. Melanie Fiona, she got recently got married. She has a child, so we'll talk to her about that. And then John, hope Bryant will be joining us. You know, he's a financial literacy entrepreneur. He's a businessman. He always talks about generational wealth, but he tells you how to get there and we gonna be kicking it with John Hope Bryant.


All right. You good? I'm good. That's the most quiet I ever heard you be. I Emini here. I just ran in here. I'm just like getting adjusted with life. Alright. Alright, let's get the show crack. And we got front page news and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning y'all. Happy Friday and cheers to the freaking weekend. Morning. Yes. All right, so let's get into it. President Trump and the tariffs. Yeah. So he says the tariffs imposed on other countries are having the desired effect and he's now open to negotiations. He made the comments while speaking to reporters aboard Air Force One saying his initial plan is over, and now he's watching it.


Just settle in. Let's take a listen to President Trump As if somebody said that, we're gonna give you something that's so phenomenal. As long as they're giving us something that's good. Every country's goal is, that's the beauty of what we do. We put ourselves in the driver's seat. Now I do like the idea of America being the driver, but Trump said that every country has called asking to cut a trade deal with the US to avoid the tariffs adding that he's seen an uptick in plans to bring manufacturing plants back to the us. So if that was the, the, the plan all along, then it does appear to be working only just 24 to 48 hours later. Yeah, That's what they were saying. Yes.


They were saying these tariffs are, are are short term plan. It was really done to shake things up and to get people to negotiate a lot, a little better. But in return, it, it's affected. They said that the stock market has dropped. They said the Dow dropped 1600 points. Nasdaq falls 6%. It's a lot of people that investing that, that that stock market are are, are losing their ass. But Morgan, I have a question for you. Yeah. If, if, if what he's doing is working, why are people so upset when he says that he's gonna do it if it works, and then he kind of like backs away from it so that like we're not affected as bad. You know what it is, Lauren, that I think that we just don't like change. You know, change is inevitable and change that's too abrupt. Could be, you know, it's like it's scary. Yeah. It's, you know, people don't know what's happening. But meanwhile, Europe, Europe and China are vowing to respond to President Trump's new tariffs.


US Commerce Secretary, come on Friday. US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick says countries should instead focus on reevaluating their current trade policies with the US and he's confident that the US will end up on the winning end of any potential tariff war. Let's hear more from us Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick. Stop saying that we can't sell our corn to India. Stop saying that we can't sell our beef anywhere. Just stop treating us so poorly. You're going to see American production start to rise and finally be fair. Yeah. So Trump, on Wednesday of course of unveiled a list of over 180 countries and territories that were hit with reciprocal tariffs.


And the news sent marker market, excuse me, sliding down in Europe and Asia and the world's biggest economy's vowed retaliation. Now in Brussels, the head of the European Commission warned, if you take, if you take on one of us, you take on all of us. China, China's commerce ministry describes the tariffs as unilaterally bullying and said they will resolutely take countermeasures to safeguard its own rights and interests. And here domestically in the states, as you mentioned, envy, the stock market is coming off its worst day in nearly five years. Yesterday, just one day after President Trump announced his sweeping global, global terrorist, the s and p plunged 500 points. Nearly 5%.


That's the biggest drop for the broad market index since June of 2020 with investors fearing a global trade war. The Dow Jones Industrial average closed 4% lower while the tech heavy Nasdaq dropped 6%. Retail stocks were hit hard with Nike shares falling more than 14%. And let's see if the market can stand to bounce back today as the week ends on what we hope is a strong note. So any thoughts on what's going on there? But Let me do ask you this. If they're saying that his, the tariffs that he's putting on is could be actually working, do we give him some time? Because you know, the first thing that people said was they were upset it was gonna cost, you know, everything, the, the cost of of home building, the cost of cars, the cost of goods were gonna go up.


But now they're saying that these countries are actually coming back and trying to negotiate. So it could have possibly be a good thing, right? Yeah, absolutely. And do we have any choice but to give President Trump time? Emini here, he's got four years, he's only two what, two to three months in his term? And it doesn't seem like we really have much of a choice in terms of giving the man time, but we will see, you know, we'll, we'll see what happens. I will add that the Canadian Prime Minister, Mark Carney, says his country will impose counter auto tariffs in response to President Trump's announcement. Adding that this, he expects that it will impact The World. And he also added that the global economy is now fundamentally different than it was just days ago. Carney also said previously that retaliatory tariffs will remain in effect for Canada.


And he said he doesn't believe Trump will change direction until the pain is felt by Americans due to the tariffs going so hard and being too hard to ignore. So we will see it's only, it's, it's one of those only time will tell type of things it seems like. So, yeah. Yeah. Well I did see Ford Post something yesterday, which I thought was very interesting after all of this. So Ford on the Instagram page posted Ford who assembles the most vehicles in the US Ford Motor Company. Ford America. Ford America. And he started posting all their cars. So I, I just thought that that was a shop like, hey we, we are, we are building a lot of these cars in America here outside of a lot of these other car car companies. So I thought that was a, that was g that was kind of smart though. I thought that was different.


That Was dope. Yeah. Tap in with the ads slip but before it, how much them cars going beat out? Nah, I'm not gonna get too much into that. But that's your front page news for it. 6:00 AM Stick around at seven we will be talking about voting and whether or not a third term is truly viable. We'll get into that. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get It off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello? Who's this? Yo, what up t? The 8 0 3. Hey, what's happening in the Met? You was, you sound like you about to slide just now. Yeah. Who not home? Nah man. Late for work, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, me too. Taking my time man. One a day. Me Too. I took my time this morning too. Hey ain. Nothing wrong with that. I'd rather be there than not get there at all. But I'm gonna tell you about time. That's right. That's right. What's happening though, Man? Just, I'm so tired of hearing about these terrors and Donald Trump and what the good news coming man. Shoot. You can make good news this weekend. You ain't got Emini here. Listen, here's the thing, we don't gotta listen to none of it, even though it's gonna affect us anyway. Yep. We can. You know, ignorance is bliss. You right, you right. We need to know what's going on though, brother.


Yeah, but you can always Yeah, You right, you right, you right you Ain't you. It's going, it's going affect you either way. So you might as well know, you know? Yeah, Yeah. I appreciate the club forward too. Yes sir. Alright brother. We appreciate you bro. Hey, Hey Bachar. Yes sir. Man, I need another black and fit head man. Man, I got you. You know, dang. Yeah I do. Got you. We got something coming in. You know you gotta come to the, you should come to the Black Effect podcast Festival Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards. Man, hold On. We gonna get you in for hold on. All right. Alright. Hey, appreciate everything y'all do man Club. Yes sir. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Ron. Ron. What's up? Get it off your chest brother. Hey, so envy the tariffs man.


I wanna get Penn Street. So You Say what? I hear What you said. 1828 There was a tariff we Know. And then there was A 1930, Hey, we saw the meme and there Was another one in 2025. We saw the meme, bro. And we saw the same meme that you, I'm sorry, we saw the same meme that you saw yesterday going around social media. Yeah. And but the thing is, these parents, they, it's going, it's going to be some major effects that's going happen. So I used to work for Ford and I'm an actuary now, and I'm also gonna to school to be a lawyer. And these tariffs is gonna be bad. People don't think it's gonna be bad, but wait 90 days and see what happens. My brother, can I ask you a question? I'm, I'm just asking seriously who don't think it's gonna be bad?


Yeah. Everybody know they gonna be bad. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm gonna tell you, I grew up, so look, I grew up in Chicago and lived in Indiana and you know how those people are in Indiana, man, they, they something else, man. You, you try to explain that to a lot of those people there and they're like, oh no, this is a great thing. It's a great thing, but it is not because a lot of the manufacturing companies are there. Yeah, I don know what you're talking about. So, you know, when, when you're talking about parents and doing this and doing that, they know that it's gonna be bad, but you try to tell them and and they know they don't wanna listen. Yeah. And so Go ahead Rob.


What do you do? What do you do There? The conversation we was having earlier is they were saying that Donald Trump's saying that the tariffs was kind of like a short term play to get nations to renegotiate some of the, the plans that they actually had now. And he was saying, Morgan was saying the front page news that these nations are allegedly reaching out to Trump to make these deals. So it's having the desired effect that he wanted. That's what we said earlier during from page news. Well, we'll see Emini here. That's what John O'Brien is gonna be here talking about this morning, you know, but we'll see Emini here. You know, you look at history though, and you look at what TAR has done in the past, it caused, you know, stock market crashes. It caused the beginning of the Great Depression in the 1920s. It caused the, caused the collapse of the money supply. So Emini here, you know, like John O'Brien has said repeatedly, And I'm sure he'll say again this morning, you know, the longer it it lasts, the worse it's going be.


I was gonna Say, how long does this have to like last for it to get that Back? Emini here. Shoot, it's bad now. Yeah. Stock, stock market Dropped already. Emini here. Stock is bad now. And you know the price of goods is it is gonna shoot up now. Well Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Brittany? Hey Brittany. Good morning. Get it off your chest.


I just wanna say I, I think Trump is very dumb for imposing his tariffs and thinking that bringing back the manufacturing jobs to the United States is a smart idea. Who's actually gonna work 'em when we barely wanna work the jobs that are here. Yeah. That manufacturing thing is, is I don't, I don't see how that's gonna happen when it costs so much to manufacture here, here in America. Like, I just don't get it. Like She's saying people don't wanna work. That's what she's saying. She's saying people don't wanna work these days. Yeah. But even, even, even if they don't wanna work, just cost too much. It just cost too much to manufacture things here in America. And they don't wanna pay us good money. So it's not a smart idea. And they definitely not gonna pay a lot of money if it date it's cost no more. Exactly. Well thank you Brittany.


Thank You Brittany. Sound she on her way back to sleep. Yep. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is Abdu from Newark, New Jersey owner. The famous Abby's the sandwich specialist. What's up? I got, I wanna get off my chest with Charlamagne to God man. Good bro. He was a keynote speaker at the Mayor's Newark Man's Meat in breakfast. The Mayor Rad Rack could do a a a a man's breakfast, the Charlemagne stage gonna show up to my restaurant. Man, that was a couple years ago, right? I Came with Beautiful Speaks. That was last year. It was in 2023. I supported his, his business in Newark. He gotta come support Mines man. I'm from Newark. I want that support man. I listen to The Breakfast Club every morning. What's the name of the spot? Is it the, the the sub sandwich spot? Yeah. Abby's Abby's. Who's Charlie? Man, I was on the stage. I gave a speech man, I remember about the real estate development and stuff.


Yeah, the sub. Yeah. I finally moved to Newark, man. I bought a building in Newark. I got my restaurant in Newark I was located in and we spoke that day. Oh. So how I'm gonna come to Newark and you just got there. I'm, I'm gonna pull up. Nah, I've been there. Oh, I thought you said you just got there, there. I remember this. I remember this. I remember. I remember you though in the sub sandwich spot Though. Let's shout it out now, Abby, you 2 63 Littleton Avenue in Newark. Right? No doubt. No doubt. Go check him out. He opens at 11:00 AM this morning story man. I I'm well thank you for supporting Hash Story. I'm gonna pull up there in the next week or so. You know, we having a weekend of events that has story during the weekend of four 20. So I'm gonna come see you at Abby's. Abby's then around then. No Doubt. No doubt my brother. Appreciate it man. Yes sir. Y'all keep doing y'all thing up there man.


And You can follow them on our ig. That's Abby's the sandwich specialist. All right brother. Have Gs? Yes sir. Appreciate you brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up. Now we got the latest with Laura coming up. Who we talking about? We do. We gonna talk about Young Thug and his probation thing 'cause they came to a decision yesterday. Okay, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJNV, Jess, Larry Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming with Straight Fast. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody.


Well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on Lord The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she had facts, sometimes she had details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Oh, what's the On The Breakfast Club to me? Alright, so we talked about Young Thug and the fact that the Fulton County prosecutor's office was asking for his probation to be revoked because he had tweeted about one of the investigators that works with their team. Now I really thought that Emini here, I don't know if I thought that it would go through, but a judge has denied that request And I was a little bit surprised at the footnote that the judge left.


So take a listen to this. The judge says, while the court does not find that the cited social media posts rises to the level of a violation of the defendant's probation, it may be prudent for the defendant to exercise restraint regarding certain topics. You Think? Yeah. Leading people alone Thug. Why your business? He, he definitely should lead people alone, but he does have free speech. So he's able to say what he says, what he wants to say without threatening somebody. So it wasn't necessarily violating his probation, but the judges being like, be smarter. Yeah, but the only reason why I was a little bit surprised, I didn't think that it would send them back to jail fully. Even though that was on the line. I just thought that the judge would come out swinging a little bit stronger because the woman is saying, my family is being threatened. Their address has been leaked. They like, and you like all this stuff.


The woman that he posted because it, It is like doxing in a way, right? When you post the woman's picture and you post her name, social media gets active. Active. Correct. So guess what? You do have to take those threats seriously. Yeah. So thug need to relax leading people alone. Man, you saw a Fannie Willa said yesterday. Oh, oh yeah. About that was another reason why she basically said that, that they're trying to make this as gang activity. That's right. They go and that's why I was like, I don't know there what is happening up there in the skies. But when I tell you Thug got some angels around him because he keep teetering that line and every time it's like, oh no. And even his attorney yesterday, Brian Steele had came out and basically said to the court, y'all are like, stop playing with us. Like jokingly you shouldn't be trying to send somebody back to jail for something that didn't violate his rights whatsoever.


Like it shouldn't even, that shouldn't even be a conversation. I was surprised the attorney said that. I'm like, does no one else see, you know, I kind of saw where Fannie Willis and team were coming from. Don't get him a reason. Thug. Yeah. Yeah. Because they don't need one. Right. Well in other news, so Damien Damon wins, sat down with Shannon Sharp for K Club Sheha and they had an interesting conversation. It was really, to me, I felt like it was more about just, you know how they, they, the Wayan brothers tell such great stories about their life when they growing up, it was a lot of that. But they started having a conversation about, you know, the higher you go up in Hollywood, the less black people you see and how, you know, if you're raising a kid in Hollywood, how that affects them.


And now as a parent, like things change. Let's take a listen to that. The more money you make, the less black people. You see money brings you into a new category. You move to a different house in a different neighborhood and you get different friends. Your money, the complexion changes. I like that. That's what I love about like LeBron, you know, he's got, He's got his home, he got mad and he got Randy and he got Rich. Yeah. You know, at a certain point they sit you down, you know, Beyonce's father all, we got it from here. The Jacksons all right Joe, we got it. We got, you know, you sit back and go, what? You know Venus is Reno, we got him. You know, but it's, and if you want them to be successful, you have to kind of let it happen.


And then they hit new heights, but you become a liability. I thought that that was pretty interesting. What part? The liability part. Only because I'm, I'm sitting here thinking about it and I'm like, okay, with Beyonce's story, we know, you know, her dad stepped in, her mom was by her side the full time. The Jackson's as well too. There's so many kids stars who like the parents are right there with them. But I never thought about how like an agent and a manager, a lawyer would look at a parent because it's like they're, I'm assuming he's saying liability. And from the conversation I took that he was saying liability because it's like, it's not too many of you guys up here and they don't want the parent to get in the way. Well, Most parents deal I think with emotion when it comes to their children, especially when they're doing deals. It's more emotional agents and managers have no, usually have no emotion in it.


Right. 'cause it's all about business I would assume. Isn't a lot of that on the artist though? Like, if somebody sits you down and say, you know what, you know your, your parent has only got you, but so far, you know, that's up to you to make that choice. Right? That's up to you to say, you know what, you're right. I don't want my parent managing me no More. It depends what your dad or, or your parent knows, your mom And I, Your Dad knows because, you know, you get to a certain Point where you might need them. People Do it for A living. Why not co-manage? You can Do that Emini here. You can't cover Could. I could like you, you should want somebody protecting you at all times. And you know, your parent got your best interest at heart. I think it just, for some people, especially back in the times of like, you know, when the Wayans are coming up and Beyonce, Beyonce was very lucky. Her dad knew so much. He was a businessman. Her mom was around. Yep. But not everybody had that. So the parent might have to step back.


Gotta, I don't just hearing parent liability to me, I was like, we seen it with Ashanti. Ashanti's mom manages her Right. And still manages her to this day. Lemme Tell you all on, I want the kind of money, the way I see less people, period. Okay. I don't care what race they are. I don't want to interact with too many humans at all. Okay. That's the kind of money I want. I wanna live in, I wanna live in isolation. Yeah, but your kids still need friends. I kids I wanna Quarantine friends. Not kids, Kids. He gonna buy in robots. They'll be all right. We all gonna have robot kid friends. All our kids friends. All our kids friends are gonna be robots in the future. You still want your kids to have friends. You still want them to have some type of normal life based on, you know, different Than how we are. Normal is objective. You're right, normal is whatever your life is.


You right. Blue ivy and them, they life is normal. Okay? They got Friends, But I'm sure they got friends. They need the play dates and all that stuff. Yeah. I'm sure she went to go see What was it? What, what festival was that? Roland la She was at Roland la with Rihanna. Remember That? Rihanna's not her friend, But I'm saying she was there. She was there with With They're not the same age. No, That's auntie. That's Auntie. But that's not her. That's Not friend. But I'm saying it because she was there with other people, other kids with Rihanna. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. Like her, like she has friends, Man. Get the kind of money where you can see less people, period. Okay. The less people you see, the better in life is Charlemagne kids gonna be playing with robots. All right. And robots gonna be black or white. I Don't care. The was rolling out, I was making sure. Yeah. Rolling out what happened.


Nothing. Y'all acting like big circles are important. Mm. Your circle should be so small. It's almost a dot. I agree with that. But in business, you Don't have a big circle now, but Would you agree? But so yes. I don't have a big circle now, but the people that I'm doing business with have expanded and it will, it things change and expand as, as things move. There are no permanent friends are enemies when it comes to business facts. I don't, for some people I don to be my friend to do business. Yeah. For some people I, well, A Hundred percent I'm not doing Emini here. You don't Different, I'm, I'm not doing business with enemies. So people, I don't like it. This is what it is. I'm happy, I'm comfortable and I'm good where I'm at. Yeah. If I don't like you, I'm not doing it. I'm good. I I don't Need that dollar. I agree with that. But the, the general sentiment is there are no friends and enemies when it comes to business.


It's just business at the end of the day. I know that, I know that phrase, but there's some people I'm not doing business with And I don't care how much it's gonna get me. I'm good. I agree with that. I'm happy. Well, that one last part of the conversation I thought was interesting. Damien talked about like how they used to be disciplined amongst the brothers and sisters. Like when they would get into it. Let's a listen, I read that when you, you guys would fight, your mom would make you guys kiss. Yep. In the mouth. Huh? I learned how to tongue kiss with Marlin and We would wha and we wanna be win right now. No, but like, once you kiss your brother in the mouth, you don't want to do that. You Don't wanna fight no day. Yeah. You Done. You don't fight. No. Yeah. We, we'll take this, we'll go outside. We'll find a place to finish this. But like, we didn't like kissing each other but to finish the kissing thing.


Yeah. Like to this day we all kiss. I noticed that. Hello and goodbye. I noticed that because you never know what's gonna happen when they walk out the door. Even if I get into an argument and we yelling and screaming, ISI Thought y'all was the only ones who did that. I I do that with my family. No, with That's, I was laughing y up here. Shut up. But I, you know, I did that with my family. You Told that your family before you leave the house, If they fighting, I make them give each other a hug and a kiss and they never wanna fight again. Really? Yes. Absolutely. Talking About the book a little bit, I thought you was a little bit more All the time. Angry.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a beardless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to beardless List me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever


you get your podcasts.


I am Bob Pipman chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic stories From the frontiers of marketing. I'm having conversations with some interesting folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Elf Beauty, Durang Amin. The Way I approach risk is constantly try things and actually make it okay to Fail. I'm sitting down with legendary singer-songwriter and philanthropist jewel. I wanted a way to do something that I loved for the rest of my life. We're also hearing how leaders brought their businesses out of unprecedented times. Like Stefan Sel, CEO of Moderna. It becomes a human decision to decide to throw by the window your business strategy and to do what you think is the right thing for The World. Join me as we uncover innovations and data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark the magic. Listen to math and magic stories from the frontiers of marketing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, you know, we're the providers, but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away. You gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else. But never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad council


To the prison. Like you fight to get a kiss in prison. You make them kiss after they they never wanna fight again. They never wanna fight again. Me and my wife do that all the time, but not on the mouth. We make 'em kiss on the cheek, give, give each other a hug and they hate it. Never did that. And they never want to fight again. What about you Red? Never, never did that one. When your kids, when my kids are fighting, they fighting like my especially never kissed a man in the mouth for any reason. Logan. Logan and Madison. When they fight, I make a kiss on the cheek and give him a hug. You was supposed to say me either. Never kissed a man in the mouth. Yeah, you just laughed. I kissed my pops on his lips before. I love my pops. I kissed my mom on this. Cool. Now you know what? Now y'all better not fight here. I'm gonna make y'all kiss.


If y'all start fighting, I'm gonna make y'all kiss. You better. Y'all better kiss. You see what he's doing. So hold on. So you kiss the mouth No man on bump with on the mouth. What teeth? What you mean don't kiss? No man on the mouth. You just admitted to kissing men on the mouth. I kissed My pops and my son on the mouth. Yes, as Those are Men. This, that my, my father and my son And I Still got Did you still kiss your dad in the mouth at this age? Nah, I kiss him on the cheek, but I would. Oh, okay. I'm not wrong. Kiss him on the cheek. It's my pops. I see Italians do it all the time. Yeah, I kiss my pops with the cheek on the cheek. But the kissing the mouth is a little crazy. I used To kiss my son on on the mouth until he got to a certain age. Kissing the mouth At 55 is crazy. But We gotta rep up. Oh, now you see why I minding my business when I saw Envy giving the dude mouth to mouth.


What's that thing called? Resuscitation. Resuscitation the day and they were on the ground. I ain't seen nobody else around. I was, I literally minded my business. That is a lie. I did not get no man hitting cpr. Y'all, I don't even know cpr. Oh, now you don't know Cpr. We gotta go, We gotta go, We gotta get outta here. Y'all. They kissing, You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's dj nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the God we are The Breakfast Club just out today. Lauren LaRosa filling in and let's get in some front page news. Now, the NCAA women's tournament tonight, Texas take on South Carolina game. Cox at seven. Come On Now. And Connecticut takes on to UCLA Bruins tonight at nine.


Let's Go Cox. Yeah, that's what we say in South Carolina. Go Cox. I'm So you Say that all day, get your Mind off the Gutter. I'm not, I just knew you say I could see you running around the streets. Beat my Cox. I could see you. Wow. What You want them to hear you talk about That? My Cox? You got Damn right. South Carolina. That's my wife's Alma Ma. Okay, we, we Big gamecock over here. Okay, good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Co Morgan, or no, you're not with the Cox. I'm, you know, look Now now it's time to call HR Morgan that next he know you. Not the South Carolina I don't do was say He know you not from South Carolina. There's no reason for him to say that to you. You might be a game cock fan. I don't know. I'm just asking.


Let's get into the front page news y'all. So let's talk elections and voting. So Arizona's Attorney General is suing the federal government over President Trump's executive order on elections. Now, Trump's executive order would require people to show proof of citizenship while registering to vote in federal elections. It would also force states to stop accepting mail-in ballots that arrive after election days. So Arizona Attorney General Chris May said during a Thursday news conference that the state's election laws are protected by the US Constitution. Let's take a listen to Attorney General Mace. I will not allow our legislature's lawmaking ability to be trodden upon by a wannabe king.


Our constitution is absolutely clear. The states have the primary responsibility for regulating elections under the Constitution. The Arizona legislature has the power to regulate elections in our state. So 19 states have now filed a suit against the executive order. And you know, I think this is really interesting because you have a lot of primaries going on, a lot of local elections going on. And then of course, in another four or three or so year, three to four years or so, where we'll have another federal election, presidential election. So this comes as more than half of voters predicts, president Trump will try to serve a third term in the White House.


That's according to a new u gov poll over the weekend. Trump said he's not joking about attempting to serve a third term in a call with NBC News. He said there are methods which you could do it. Now Republicans have largely shrugged off Trump's comments about a third term as a joke. Meanwhile, nearly seven in 10 survey respondents said Trump shouldn't be allowed to seek another term. But, you know, it seems to be a con, a conversation, an ongoing conversation, even though the 22nd Amendment and the 12th Amendment pretty much make it null and void. So I'm curious to know what Trump's quote methods No, I'm not, I'm not, I'm, I'm not curious about any of this. We have to stop talking about this. Like, it's normal, it's unconstitutional to even speak like this.


It's, and if he wants to do something like this, it's unconstitutional. So if we're, if, if, if, if you don't like being called a fascist and you don't like, you know, people saying this is authoritarian rule, then stop doing and saying things that fascists and authoritarian leaders would do and say, But don't you wanna be like it? Like you wanna know what's happening. So like what she's saying is like, you just wanna know what's you gotta know what you up against. No. You know what I'm saying? We don't, We shouldn't be acting like this is normal. We shouldn't be talk, we shouldn't be talking to people like this is normal. Like, hey, Trump's saying he wants to run for a third term. No, that's unconstitutional. That is literally the pure definition of fascism just speaking like that. Like it's normal. Okay, But don't you need to know that it is that in order to be like, this is not normal.


Not If you're not gonna do nothing about it. Who asked The question? Who asked the press question? Like, hey, you running the third term? Like, who even asked that question? Like, like why was that even a question? Well, he, because Been he's mentioned it, he's been joking about it. Well, you know, that's what they're saying. He, he's, he, you keep joking about it, but he's like, it's not a joke. But To Envy's point, the reporter that's talking to Trump when they're doing that, why aren't you saying Trump don't you know that's unconstitutional. Don't you know that's fascism? Don't you know, that's what authoritarian leaders do. You don't ask, ask him the question like, it's normal for Trump. Are you really thinking about running for a third term? Do you know what happens after That? And that's, that's, that's, that's the problem with the media in 2025. Hey, look, hey, when you get in and you have access or when you don't, I'm just gonna say, you gonna try to ask what you want to ask.


But let me not get too much into that us


This last story is for anyone who travels. This is domestic, this is stateside, this is if you fly, period. Okay? So if you wanna get on a flight or you wanna find yourself on a flight at all, and it's just stateside, you need to listen up. You have just over a month before the TS deadline to have a real ID license kicks in. I believe it's May 7th. TSA spokesperson, Lisa Farbstein says Americans will need to have a real ID compliant driver's license to take domestic and international flights. And she said it's best to get ahead of the deadline again, May 7th. Let's take a listen to TSA spokesperson Lisa Farbstein. They Do not have a real ID license. We need them to bring another form of acceptable ID such as a passport, global entry card, something of that nature. We have the list of other acceptable IDs on the TSA website@tsa.com. Or maybe there's a wedding or maybe there's a funeral or maybe there's a job interview in another state. And so again, like insurance, you don't need it. So you need it. So you wanna do it. Get your real Id travel like a pro.


I'm gonna ask just a stupid question, right? And, and maybe it's just me. What is a real ID right now? I know I don't have one, right? Because I'm looking at my license right now and it says not, not for real ID purposes, but I just got my license. So what do I gotta do different Now? What's, what's the difference? Take it back to the MBA or excuse me. MBA will be what we call it here in Maryland. The D dmv. The D the DMV, take it back to the dmv, well not take it back, but go back to the DMV and, and ask them for a real ID compliant issued license. So TSA officials say New Yorkers with enhanced licenses don't have to worry about making the switch since it's already a real id and they'll know if they have it on, if there's a flag in the corner. So meantime, DMVs across New York will start extending hours and some in New Jersey will offer mobile events.


That could be for you and the, you could just pull up to one of those mobile events. But here at what I will say here in Maryland, they've been pushing this for years. And what I understand is that some supposedly something like 80 to 90% of Marylanders are already compliant with this. And they, they make it easy for us that, you know, when you go renew the new ID is gonna be real ID compliant. So I'm just saying that to people that, you know, if you wanna get on a flight real quick and ain't gonna be real quick if you don't have a real ID co. If you're not real. I I'm Just curious, what's the difference between the real id They're both licenses. So what's, what's the difference? Like is there a a bar barcode in the back or what's The difference? The real ID has a different, I don't know if it's different, but it has certain security standards that are specific to the real ID that's not for the regular driver's license.


I don't know what's the difference, but I've looked it up. But it's so hard to tighten. Yeah. Specific standards that verify the ident identity and is required for accessing cer certain federal facilities and affording domestic flights. So yo, what DMV can get me in and out real quick, you know what I'm saying? Shout out to all the DMVs and Jerseys jersey. You know, somebody hit me up, you know, miss Barbara out there in Montclair, how are you? Okay. Would love to get in and out real quick. Real, real, real quick. And the other thing that I'm seeing too that just came up, you wanna make sure that you have one because it can also further help you with voting. It's one of those things that basically say you are who you are. So as voting becomes and elections become a thing and we see that's becoming a thing, you might wanna go ahead and get real ID compliant.


That's your front page news. Y'all follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Follow download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at VIN news.com. Happy Friday. Have a great weekend. All right. See you later, Morgan. Later. Morgan. Morgan. All right, everybody else when we come back, a Melanie Fiona will be joining us. She has a new ep Say Yes out today and we gonna talk to Melanie. Fiona, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. Melanie Fiona. Welcome. Hello. How Are you feeling? Long time. No sea Man.


I'm so happy back. Why is it so cold? I know. It's always cold. Wouldn you tell me. No, not in here. I'm she talking about in New York. I'm in these streets. Yes, You, A couple days ago it like 70, 80 degrees a couple days ago. It, Why couldn't we keep that same energy? But you, You're not used to the cold Weather no more? No, no, no. I'm in California. Okay. My Canadian blood is has, It's gone. It's Not, no, it's never gone. But the Caribbean blood is living. She's thriving now. How has it been for a woman from Toronto living in LA during the Kendrick Lamar era? Jesus Starts right up. Wow. Question. Wow. Wow. Welcome. How's that been? It's Active. It's active. Okay. You know, I'm very Canadian in LA That's my position. Very camp. Okay. Yep. I like that. Well, how are you doing? How are you doing? We haven't seen from you in a long time.


How is everything Good. You know what? Life is blessed. I'm, I'm, I feel very, you know, blessed to be here again, talking about new music, motherhood. Yes. It's a full scope journey for me. I'm just, like I said, I'm just blessed to have gas in the tank, still have creativity, to still have opportunity and I'm just doing everything that I love to do. So, you know, I'm happy. I'm grateful. Congratulations. You got married recently? I did. I did. I, I still think four years ago was recently four or five years ago. So It is, it is recently. Yeah. And we've been together for like, you know, 13 years now. So it's 12. I don't know, don't quote me a long time, but you know, it, it, it's getting married except Cetera. We did it in the pandemic and that was really just a testament to making it happen.


Yeah. However you gotta make it happen. We had planned a huge wedding, just decided, you know what, we just gonna walk down, get this done. And it was really one of the best decisions we made. Yeah. You Know what's only interesting, people always talk about during the pandemic how folks got divorced because they realized that they didn't really like taste significant other than we had to spend so much time with 'em. But then there's the other side too, like your story. Yeah. We, we, we did realize in that year we were like, I I really do like you Emini here. We had already had a kid at that point, but we were like, I really like you. Like let's do this. It actually made us closer. And then actually at the end of 2023, we had a, like a ceremony in our backyard just for our family. 'cause we didn't have any family when we did it. Yeah. So that was really special too. And I had my dad walk me down the aisle. I got to wear the dress I never wore. So it was, it was special.


And I think that that's kind of what the last few years of my life has taught me is that you just gotta make the moments. Like we don't know if tomorrow's promise, so you gotta say yes today and that and is that what the scope of Say Yes is about? Yes, absolutely. So as the journey of life goes, you know, I think a lot of people talk about saying no a lot. You know, we say no how to set boundaries. I had to do a lot of that in my life throughout my career. And I think that everything remarkable that I've really learned, that I've seen that I can do has come on the other side of saying yes. You know, saying yes to overcoming fear, saying yes to the love and the life that you want. Desire, saying yes to the people who show up for you and say, how can I be down? How can I help? But obviously with discernment, that takes work.


So I just want people to hear, say yes as a musical project, but also to have affirmative language in their life. Say yes, say yes to you. Say yes to whatever it is that you want and go for it. Deshonda Rhis book influenced us. You know what's so funny? The year of Yes, I was reading it. Yeah. Okay. Wow. Absolutely. Yeah. Cool. 13 years off the grid. Yep. What you been doing for 13 years? Last time we seen when Emini here off the, the grid. Off the grid. Off the grid. You know, but you know what? I wasnt like you was hiding. I really wasn't. I really wasn't. I I was outside in different ways. You know, I was making a life as well as a living. I continued to do shows. I am a part of a podcast now called The Mama's Den. It's a motherhood podcast, a collective. I just started developing motherhood community and initiatives.


You know, I decided to expand my wingspan and, and just really step into everything I could possibly do with my voice, all while figuring out how I wanted to continue to do music. Yeah. You know, the industry is, is a, is a, is one, one siloed experience of this. And, you know, after everything that I had went through the peak of success, enjoying that, having difficulties with my voice, like just all these things, it really made me ask myself, how do I wanna live and create for the rest of my life? And so that took some shifting, that took some refocusing, that took some severing conversations and, and relationships and just going independent. Yeah. You know, and really just figuring out how I want to live my life.


And so you need experience. You need to love and learn and live and, and make new music and get inspiration for all of that. So I think a lot of people, especially in the music industry, we live in this space or in entertainment where you feel like there's this clock ticking on you. You know, this clock ticking, the only clock I'm on is God's clock. If I'm alive And I have another opportunity, I will show up when I'm called to show up and when I have something to say, when I have something to offer. And I feel like I'm in that space now. And so my mantra for myself and for anyone out there is, take your time. It's yours to take. Like we don't, we don't work on anybody else's clock. So, you know, I just feel grateful that in all that time I've still been able to reach the fans, continue to build community, continue to build fan base and like I said, just have more products and, and creativity to put out.


So, you know, 13 years to still have people checking for you Hell yeah. Is a blessing because some people, nobody's calling for them. You know, God bless those people because they don't know how they're gonna work or what else they can do. So in that space, I figured out what else I can do and what else I can create. You had sat down and did a interview with BET where you were talking about the sanity of moms. Yes. And us feeling like we don't have the safe space to be able to say things like, I don't feel like mommy in today and things like that. 'cause we'll feel bad for it. Do you feel that you have, that you're in that safe space today? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And I think it took, having a second child, I never thought I was gonna have a second child. But again, God's plan and you know, a little, a little bit of reckless behavior during the pandemic.


But, you know, it, it, it really, it was me allowing myself the permission to understand that it's gonna be okay. Yeah. And that I'm doing a great job And I love my children and also, the thing that I always wanna encourage women who are mothers in any capacity of their lives, is your children need to see you being you. You know how many of us have seen that? Our moms be like, my mom was so self-sacrificing. She's miserable. Yeah. She got back pain and stress and high blood pressure because she was so self-sacrificing for everyone else. There's no reward for that. You know, you have to pour into yourself. Yeah. And so that whole empty cup analogy and, and metaphor, like, it's, it's, it's a real thing. We pour as women, we are nurturers, we are nurturing the earth, we are nurturing our offices, we are nurturing our children, our partners.


We have to create space. Yeah. And demand that we have space to pour into ourselves. Yeah. It's the only way we could show up. And That's why it's very important for, you know, kids, even us at our age, get to know your parents. Like to have conversations with them and learn who they were before they were your parents. Yes. Absolutely. You know, it, it's interesting 'cause somebody asked me about this the other day. They're like, how do you feel your perspective has changed making music now versus making music before? You know, before children I was singing heartbreak love songs. Yes. And people love me for that. And you know, my kids now, they listen to these songs. They don't really have the context, but they're gonna understand the journey of who their mother was as a woman. Right. And they're gonna hear these songs on Say Yes and know that these songs are a reflection of transformative, affirmative love.


And they're gonna understand that they're a part of that. And so I do think it's important that your children know who you are. This generation. Absolutely. That we all cloak and dagger in secrets and traumas. Like, yeah, that's done. None. We can't do that for our children anymore. We didn't do, we didn't do ourselves No favors keeping secrets. No, no, no, no. And our children deserve to know who we are so that they have permission to be who they can be in their lives. And understand that it's not a, it's not a straight line and there's no perfect, you know, you just do your best. All right. We have more with Melanie. Fiona, when we come back, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Melanie Fiona. Now you're independent artist, right? You're no longer with UMG or Rock Nation.


No. Why did you decide to go independent? You Know, that's just like the trajectory of life I had the opportunity to, And I took it, you know, I, it wasn't a, a bad situation, you know, shout out to Steve Rifkin and SRC records, you know, I had the opportunity to make an exit to, to change the trajectory of my life. And I took it. And again, even that had its issues going independent. And even that had its learning curves. But, you know, now in this space, this project, I partnered with a Canadian label, you know, some friends from back home who were like, yo, what do you wanna do? And I was like, I wanna put out some new music. And they were like, bet we'll help you. You know? And even in that space with a little bit of help, it's still a lot on me. So I'm still driving this ship. I'm still steering how I want it to feel and look like.


And having the long existing relationships with people that you have history with and coming back to see them. So I don't feel like I'm starting from scratch. I'm just starting again. Right. And it feels good. Like, it feels free. And also, I think for me creatively, I'm not trying to chase who I was. I've already done that. It kills me. Exists four M exists. Wrong side of a love song full for you. They already exist. They've already amounted the success I wanna be and create new art that it has its own light and own life. So, you know, it's, it's good. You know, people, artists, we are, everybody's like, you know, get to the artists are the bag. Like you, you are the, you are the bag. So you have value once you know that people come to you and they wanna help and they want to collaborate with you.


Yeah. But it definitely takes a team. And so I'm, I'm rebuilding my team. It's been, you know, as I expand in the motherhood space in different ways to use my voice, that team will continue to expand. Yeah. It's A lot of responsibility. And I got two kids now, so it's way more responsibility. But again, I, it's blessed stress as I call it. Yeah. Gotcha. You know, we're all stressed about something. Yeah. At least be stressed about what you love doing. There you go. Do you have ever feel guilty, have those guilty thoughts that you're not spending enough time with your children? Because now you're, you're delving back into music and you're, you have all the, your podcasts and Yeah. Everything else that, do you still feel yourself struggling in areas where you like, can improve or you want to improve?


You know what, Emini here, definitely. You know, I'm, I'm getting ready to go on tour. You know, this is the first time I'm going on tour with two kids, kids having both. And since having both, how old are they? Three and nine. And I got, I got, I got two of those at the house. You really do? Nine and three. Yep. Wow. You like that jump? You like that space in between? Yeah. I actually got, I got three, six, and nine and then a 16-year-old. Mm. That could to me one more time. Yeah. Like I, I really, I really am kind of bracing myself for that. Yeah. What that's gonna be like to be away from my children for three weeks. Emini here, they'll probably pop out and, and say hi on a couple of shows. But, you know, they have kids, they have school now and, and that's a big part of out here.


Yeah. Gonna go do television Tomorrow. Your husband is so effed up. He gonna be calling you every month. Where's the shoes at? You know what the, where the socks at? No, actually, he's really good. And we have help right now. We have family with us who know how we kind of run our house. So we've kind of had to enlist that help. But I think that that's one way that I kind of give myself permission. And I, I, I try to quiet the guilt down. I think guilt is a thing that naturally comes up. Yeah. But you have to work actively to say, that's not really real. Like, my kids are actually taking care of. I am actually out here doing what I need to do. They're cared for, they're loved. And it's temporary. Yeah. Everything is temporary. Like, my parents are immigrants.


I think about my parents leaving my brother in Guyana to come and immigrate to Canada to set the life up to bring their children and their family up to Canada. And how devastating that must have been to be like, we don't know if it's gonna work. We don't know what's gonna happen. But I have to leave my child in a different country Yeah. And reestablish my life. You know? So I always use that as, as a guiding light for me. Yeah. Every time I think about guilt and every time I think about what's possible. 'cause we all, we made it. We all made it. And we we're doing all right. And When did you beat your husband? How did y'all meet? Ooh. And you looking for one? We, how's why you wanted I've been married 24 years. Absolutely. Husband, six kids.


Put Some respect On that. 31. Thank you very much. I don know what he talking about. He wants to be based so bad. Messy. Messy. Or he wants to be based so bads messy. Y'all still messy? Oh my Gosh. Y'all he still doing this? You still doing this? No. He, every day where you meet your husband. No, because he talks about love. He's asking the thoughtful questions. I love this question. Thank you very much for asking. So, So there's a fun, a funny story is we actually used to work in the same studio right next to each other and didn't even know for years. Mm. And one day he used to be a songwriter. Now he's a manager and an executive. He's a partner at a, at a media company. He's doing very well. I'm very proud of him. But at that time, he was a songwriter And I was working on my second project.


And the first time we met this guy from my team was like, Hey, these guys next door wanna play you a song. And she step next door and go. So I walked inside. That was the first time we met, but we were both in different relationships. And then cut to like a few years later, we're both outta relationships and we're in a writing trip. We're like on a writing camp. And we ended up on an island together. Wow. Writing Camp for what artists, if you don't mind asking, It was just like a writing, like a creative. You write for, you just write, okay. And then like you place the songs or whatever. And it was my first writing camp And I didn't even know him. We took the same flight, we got off the flight and the, we saw each other and it was like, okay, I know you, I know you. But instantly we were just like really familiar. And that's how, that's how it started. We just met on this island And I was like, this is like, I don't know, this is really weird.


And I had actually gotten out of a relationship like a year and a half before I was doing my dating thing, being outside. And I remember right before I went on that trip, I said to my friend at the time, I was like, I think I'm ready to meet someone for real, for real. Like, I think I'm ready to like venture into a serious relationship again. And I went on that trip and we met and then we came back to New York and we kind of started dating. We dated for almost a year, like kind of figuring it out. And then we broke up. No, I thought it was, could be a good story from there. It's a brilliant story. Y spun the block. It's a brilliant story. No, you know what the thing is? I always say this because I always used to say, I was like, no U-turn.


Like at that point in my life, I was like, I've already done the, you know how it's gonna work out when you make, when you spin the block, if you have this turnaround, it usually don't work. So what I always do, what I said was, is like, I just kept going and he met me where I was at. Ooh. Wow. So wow. We, yeah. 'cause I wasn't looking back, I was like, if you are my person, you, we will align. I don't have to pull back and, and you don't have to like, you're gonna meet me where I'm at. And I had done a lot of work at that time, so I wasn't willing to compromise the amount of self work I had done. Mm. I knew the love that I deserved. I knew the love that I wanted. I felt like we could have it. But again, you gotta say yes to overcoming some of those things. So Why'd y'all break up?


You know, at that time we, I don't, I'll say this, we both gotten out of long relationships And I had done the work to figure out how to move on from that. And I don't think that he had, at the time, he had never given himself permission to be single. He had never enjoyed that part. And so I think when he met me, I think it was a, a moment where he was kinda like, whoa, I think I just met the person I'm gonna be with for the rest of my life. Like, am I ready for that? Yeah. I, I need to be the man that she deserved For sure. And, And I respected him for that. And when we parted ways, it was in love. Like, that was one of the most beautiful breakups I think I'd ever had. Because we saw each other for who we were as individuals. And I was just like, whatever work you need to do for yourself has nothing to do with me.


And I actually don't even wanna be the catalyst for it. So I'm gonna remove myself so that you have the space to go and do and be what you wanna do and be without my influence or me planting seeds. And so I know that if you show back up, you showed up. 'cause you wanna be here, you showed up because this is where you know you're supposed to be not because I've, I've been planting the seed of hope, like, hey, I'm still here. No, I started dating someone else. Like we really started. Oh hell No. He called, he called the lady immediately after that. He got the therapist online one a. Yeah. But he did that work. He did that work. And, and when he showed back up, it was on like whatever reservations that I had thought about spinning the block or getting back together with an X, they were just gone. I was like, I'm choosing to do this with you.


Absolutely. Let's get into a joint off the ep What you want to hear? Ooh. Say Yes. We gonna do Make me feel featuring La Russell Russell, summer B. Okay. My guy Russell. Love La Russell, The lights. Well, let's get into it right now. Kiss The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Melanie. Fiona, Jess. So what was the moment that it was okay, he's ready. Like what was it? Or did you just feel, was it I I just, I just knew he, he came back. We didn't talk for six months. I'm like a no contact kind of person. Right. Did he text you? Hey, big head. What do exactly He hit me. I told him, I said, don't call me. I said, don't call me about the weather. Damn.


I said, don't ask me how I'm doing, I'll be fine. But I was like, when you call me, have something to say, Grand Rising Queen. You know? Hey, no doing any of that. No. We ain't doing any of that grandest of Risings Queen. No. You know, he just hit me and he was like, you know, hey, I was just, you know, calling to see how you were doing. I was like, I told you I'm doing good. You know, damn, I'm doing good. You're a tough cookie. Yes. Yeah. You know what he calling for? I told you I'm doing good. No, but I had to And I Respect it. You Did the work. I had to, I had, I had to. And then finally he hit me. I was in LA and you know, he was like, he was like, Hey, will you have dinner with me? And I was like, no. Jesus. Yeah, no, I was, I was really trying to, yeah. I was really trying to. And a friend of mine was like, she was like, you love this person, why don't you just go have dinner with them?


Like he wants to see you. Yeah. And so I went and we had dinner and you know, he, he was like, Hey, like, I was just hoping he was living in outta state at the time. He was living in Florida And I was living in California. And he was like, you know, he's like, I was wondering if, you know, you, you come out and like just, you know, hang out with me. And I was like, no. I was like, I'm not, I'm not coming out. He's like, okay, well then I'm coming back to LA. And so then he came out to LA and this, this is like my favorite part of the story because I was like, don't do this. Like, I don't do this if you're not ready, like, for real. Like, I'm not playing. So then after he's like, I'm coming to LA and he's like, I will be here for three days. Mm. And he's like, if you will see me, he was like, this is where I'll be. And I was like, I'll let you know.


Mm. And I didn't even, and then I called him 30 minutes before And I was like, I'm pulling up in 30 minutes. He's like, I'm here. So he really posted up. And when I went there, he was in front Of your house? Just waiting? No, no, no. This was at a hotel. Oh. He was at a hotel in la And I, but I was really, I really was like, let me see if you really about that action. But like, I wasn't making it difficult for him. I was just really being firm on my boundaries. Did you get a fly when you pulled up? You know, I did. You, You know, 'cause if it's the last time you gonna see somebody, you gotta leave a, you gotta the impression. But it wasn't, it really wasn't. And, and you know, the things that he said, it was just the most genuine. I just knew Spirit was like, we are aligned here. And I knew that it was, it was the right decision for me.


I knew that I was. And that's, you know, even on the ep I wrote this song called I Choose You. Because I think that choice is the greatest thing we have. And when we exercise it in empowerment, it can be so beautiful. And so for me, I was like, all right, I'm gonna choose to say yes to this. You are choosing me and I'm choosing you. And we are going to do this together. We know where we've come from, we know what we've been through. With all of that said, let's choose to do this together. And so we did. And in six months I was pregnant. Oh. So this,


The World is constantly changing. If's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot, cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter man. Who my wife has always said is just a beardless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever


you get your podcasts.


Hi, I am Bob Pitman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic Stories. From the frontiers of marketing. I'm having conversations with some interesting folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of health. Beauty to Amin. The way I approach risk is constantly try things and actually make it okay to fail. I'm sitting down with legendary singer-songwriter and philanthropist jewel. I wanted a way to do something that I loved for the rest of my life. We're also hearing how leaders brought their businesses out of unprecedented times. Like Stefan Cel, CEO of Moderna. He becomes a human decision to decide to throw by the window your business strategy and to do what you think is the right thing for The World. Join me as we uncover innovations and data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark the magic. Listen to math and magic stories from the frontiers of marketing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


I always have to be so good no one could ignore me. Carve my path with data and drive. But some people only see who I am on paper. The paper ceiling, the limitations from degree screens to stereotypes that are holding back over 70 million stars. Workers skilled through alternative routes rather than a bachelor's degree. It's time for skills to speak for themselves. Find resources for breaking through barriers at Taylor paper, ceiling.org brought to you by opportunity at work and the ad council, This is about him. He chose shows. Say yes. Listen. Oh listen, let me tell you something. Yeah. That moment of us finding out I was pregnant again, like I didn't think I, that wasn't the plan, but it was God's plan.


And when I really have, like, as soon as we got pregnant and then we had our son, I literally was just like, oh, this is why. Yeah. Like I, of course we have a beautiful love and life and connection And I really do feel like that is my person. But when we had our son, I literally was like, oh this, yeah, this little spirit needed us to get our together so that he could be here. There. There's so much that I, I'm hearing in what you said, number one, the power of intention. Absolutely. 'cause You told, told your home girl, I need to find my person to set boundaries. Find peace for peace fe the set boundaries. Find peace part is very important. Yeah. And you know, just people doing the work and what's for you won't escape you. It's, oh, it, it's, it's there for you time and time again.


You just have to trust the process. Yeah. You really do. You have to be willing to journey and pay attention and learn and, and allow yourself to be a student of life. Like, truly like in all the work that I feel like I've done on myself, I'm still learning. I'm still being tested. These kids come along and test you. They show you parts of yourself that you didn't even know, you know, that you still needed to work on in marriage. Even at this time right now, we're both in the busiest seasons of our lives together. And that's a challenge. You know, so how do we navigate that? We're not the same people we were. We have more responsibilities, more stress. So, you know, it, it's just, it's an evolution always. But the intention, the power of intention is everything. We cannot do anything without intention.


Yeah, yeah. But the setting boundaries part though. Mm. Just the fact that you firm in your nose. I want you to expound on that. Why is that important? You know, I think for a lot of my life I was a people pleaser. And I think for a lot of my life I felt like I had to be nice And I had to get along And I had to go with the flow and not rock the boat. And I really realized that you get more by people knowing that you know who you are and that you can't be swayed on that. And I think that no is we hear it a complete sentence, you know? And you don't have to be rude about anything. Like, no, thank you. Yeah. You know what, not at this moment. I appreciate that. But no thank you. I'll pass. Like there's so many ways, you know, that doesn't align with me right now.


There's so many ways we can say no that still empower us and you if you don't wanna feel offensive. But the setting boundaries is everything. Because again, I think because of the boundaries that I've set for myself in my life, I can now freely say yes and feel like I'm doing it from wisdom, from experience, from divine protection. I feel like the universe responds when you operate at a high frequency. And so I know that I've done the work. You cannot get to that free space of saying yes by just being like, I'm gonna Just say yes to everybody. That's people pleasing tendencies. The say yes from a points of empowerment comes from setting those boundaries so they go hand in hand. Another thing that you've talked about, you know, this, this conversation that I would love to just expound on. 'cause somebody was up here, I forgot who it was. And they were just saying how work life balance does not exist.


Mm. Like there's no such thing. It's a lie that we tell ourselves. You're gonna give your energy to your your family and that's gonna be that you're gonna give your energy to your work. And that's gonna be that, like you said earlier, it's not gonna be 50 50, it might be 90 10. Yeah. Did you just expound on that a little bit? Yeah. You know, they, they say something that I've heard many people say is you can have it all. You just can't have it all at the same time. And so, you know, I think for the, the wellbeing of ourselves, we have to give ourselves grace to be able to just be like, I wanna show up a hundred percent in everything. But all you gotta do is show up a hundred percent in where you're at in that moment. If that's cooking dinner, that's what I'm doing today. I'm cooking dinner, I'm doing that. Multitasking is this thing that they've told us. You know, like we, it's, it's not actually real.


We're not supposed to be able to multitask. Like the only thing we really can do is like talk and look at the same time. Walk maybe and talk. You know, the, in order to be present and really great at something, you really do have to give it your full attention. Parenting, marriage, all of these things. So you can only do that in certain times of your day. We, you know, I don't know how many hours Beyonce has, 'cause they said, you know, she's got more than 24 hours 'cause she'd be getting it done. But you know, in my 24 hour day, I just do the best I can in the moment. You know, right now I'm not checking on my kids. Yeah. I can't, I'm here. So you just have to give yourself the grace to Just say, like I said, sometimes it's 90, sometimes it's 10. Just do the best every day. A hundred percent. And if you're, and if you're, and if you're a hundred percent, see we don't know.


She do have little lips, but she is smiling once I zoomed all the way in Melanie, It does. About how you focus your game. I Had no idea. That's Why people stare at that picture forever. Right. And, And I had no idea that she was really smiling. So what is she looking at? What is she? Is she, is she stoic? Is she happy? Is she sad? We don't know. What did her eyes say? Her eyes say that she is said We don't even know if that's a woman. For Real. We dont. And that's the thing. There's so much conversation about the mon. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. We appreciate you for joining us. Thank you. Don't be a 13 year stranger. Never. I won't be. You don't. I won't be. I really won't be. New York always says a special place in my heart. So Im just happy to be back here. Thank You'all for, And I gotta tune into your podcast, girl. I'm dealing with some mommy stuff stuff. Let's have you on it. Yeah. Next time you're in LA please come through.


Okay. We can talk about all the things. Thank you. And use a safe space. Absolutely appreciate you. All right. It's The Breakfast Club is Melanie Fiona. All right, well let's get to the latest with Lori. Lauren Becoming a straight, She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Who is the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, Talk to me. So Jason Wilson was on All The Smoke with Matt Barnes and Stephen A. Love Stephen, a Steven Jackson, Stephen Jack. Oh yes. Sorry. I wrote down Stephen a No, Stephen Jackson.


I'm all, all the Smoke podcasts. You can listen to the All the Smoke podcasts on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast, right? Yes. Friends of the room. Now they talked about the power of men crying. Let's take a listen. You spoke to the power of crying and, And I, you know, kind of briefly shared my story of growing up biracial, black dad, Italian mom, drugs, abuse, alcohol, violence, losing my mom at 27. So it'll be 18 years this November. And I haven't cried. Like I'm starting to feel it now, you know? And I feel like I'm almost pouring from an empty cup. And you know, through my actions, I literally just lost my family. I wasn't there emotionally. I wasn't empathetic. So my question is like, how do you cry if you don't, I don't wanna say I don't know how to cry 'cause I've cried before, but I haven't cried in probably 30 years.


Your guard, You have to change your perspective of what crying is. It's really is a sign of you being human. And until we get to the place where we can release it, that's when you always feel this, raise this anger, never feeling settled. You gotta smoke some weed. You gotta get something to drink. You need to call that girl. Like when is enough is enough. Peace is not the absence of chaos. Trials, tests, adversity. It's having a calm heart in the midst of those things. Mm. Dropping a clue. Monster. Jason Wilson. I love that black man right there. You hear me? It was a great conver. Y'all should go watch the conversation. It was a great conversation. Well, I, I'm gonna send it to, I've already sent it to a few people that I think should watch it. But now he mentioned Matt Barnes mentioned losing his family.


And when he started talking, so a, a while back up, maybe like a month or two back, his then fiance an sims, I believe that's how I say her name, sorry if it's incorrect. She seemingly like accused, not even seemingly she accused Matt Barnes of cheating with eight different women back in January. She went on Instagram and was like, she posted this post and it was like, dang, Matt. Eight different women. And then she came back out and was like talking about who the different women were and stuff like that. But then it was all taken down and we heard nothing about it. And then now this clip surfaces, so people are like, oh shoot. So that really did happen. And you know, they have kids together. She had just welcomed their baby boy. So people were trying to figure it out.


He just, he just, you know, answered a lot of like the, the speculation. But it triggered her. So she posted in response to this, if you're gonna talk publicly about our personal business, tell the whole story. Don't post have truths about me. And our past relationship became sympathy from the masses. I'm in the trenches doing the hard work, making sure all of our kids are okay. You made no effort to emotionally support all of our children through this traumatic transition that you caused. But you're willing to be vulnerable for strangers on the grand for profit. Please keep my name outta your mouth since I've left. I said nothing about you. And you know, there's so much I can say about the man you truly were to me. If you don't have respect for me, at least have respect for our children who follow you and see your posts. Your posts are triggering for the kids. And I, while we're in the midst of healing and rebuilding our lives. We're the one who, we're the ones who reaped all of the damage you caused by your constant, selfish, toxic choices.


You didn't consider our kids and your actions before. So please try to consider them now. If you wanna do some good, please don't speak about me. Go get consistent therapy. And most importantly, start building a relationship with God. Peace and blessings. Hmm. Emini here. Her feelings are valid. I don't, I don't know if it's fair for her to say that, you know, or imply that what Matt is doing is performative because he said it on his podcast. And context matters, right? Like Jason Wilson, he really does have that effect on people. If you've ever read his book Battle Cry or cry like a man, or, you know, his new, his new book, demand the Moment Demands. Jason has that imp that that impact on people. And if you read those books, maybe Matt felt like that was a safe space for him to have that conversation and be vulnerable. Like, if you're gonna be vulnerable with somebody, you know, it, it should be with somebody like a, a Jason Wilson.


Yeah. But she might feel all, all also that, you know, they never dealt with their problems. And to hear it online could be triggering to them. So, but also, like you said, is he, he's being vulnerable. He's saying he lost his family. He's saying maybe he needs to cry. So it's a tough space because if, if I wanna talk about my feelings, yes, I wanna talk about my feelings, but I don't want to affect you. I'm sure he didn't wanna trigger her. I'm sure that wasn't his intention, but, you know, they were just having normal conversation. Yeah. And I heard Emini here, from what I heard from that clip. I haven't listened the whole conversation yet. I will this weekend. It sounded like he was feeling like he needed to take accountability in that moment. Sounded like to me, sounded it was some things that he had been thinking about for a while. And once again, he felt like he was in a safe space to share that with somebody like Jason Wilson. Yeah, I think the, when you watch it, you'll realize like the lead up to the conversation, Jason Wilson talks about his wife and like a time where he had mentioned he wasn't Perfect.


Yeah. And he said that there was one point where like, they were in the kitchen and he said to his wife, like, dang, I really wanna spend time, more time with our son. And his wife responded and said, I wish you would wanna spend more time with me. Like you wanna spend with your son. And in that moment he had to take accountability for how absent he was without even kind of like consciously thinking about it. And I think, you know, as the conversation went along, 'cause that was the very beginning, this is kind of like midpoint, it made ma like, I think he, he felt he, he identified he saw his self because he said that he had been cold in a lot of the situations like he mentioned because of the things he went through. So You have to know who Jason Wilson is. I I, you know, Jason's been up here on Breakfast club a bunch of times. He, he comes to my mental wealth expo every year. I've read his books. If you know who he is, you would know why Matt felt like that was a safe space to have that conversation.


And I can also understand though, her feeling a little triggered by, hey, there's this whole picture of us. We just had the happy family and then boom, all these women and all these different things that she's a legend. So, but Also this, this might be the start and hopefully that could open up to that conversation if they both need to have that conversation because Her feelings are valid and what she said is true. Absolutely. We all need therapy and we all need God. A hundred percent. I I believe in therapy and God, Well, switching gears, you did this story for Dunky today. Chris Lewis, the guy who left his kids in the car while he was at the job interview slash not job interview the back and forth that's happening right now. Well, I had actually reached out to GoFundMe because Antonio Brown created a You Reached out to GoFundMe? Yes. Jesus. Now let me tell you, so Antonio Brown created a, a GoFundMe.


He's like, I wanna raise money for this family because from what he had been told by Chris Lewis's girlfriend, they were homeless. It was a job interview, whatever, whatever. There's a police report that came out right, that said the complete opposite that debunked that. Right. So then AB had to come out and say he was still working on figuring out if this was real or not. He has said in previous posts, if it wasn't real, Everybody's getting their money Back, everybody would be refunded. And I just felt like, okay, because there's so much like you don't, we don't know. Speculation back and forth. What don't we know though? Well, we know he wasn't on the job interview. He's posting as if he's gonna figure out some more information. The, the Police police already put out the whole report. The baby mama has spoken. The 10-year-old child has spoken. What talking About, there are people who still believe that this man should have some sympathy. There are people that feel like he shouldn't.


I just wanted to see where GoFundMe sat at because I feel like if you give, if you've given money and, and it's this confusing, I want my money right now, but I gotta wait until it's dispersed. So I wanted to figure out how that was gonna work. But what they said to me was that the fundraiser at this point is it return, it, it remains within their terms of service. So basically they have to like go with whatever the trust and the safety of those terms of service is. And then once they get to a final decision, like they're trying to figure it out as well too, then yes, funds will be refunded. But I thought that because of all the debunking and all the things that came out, people would start getting refunds right now. But I'm looking at, and the GoFundMe is still here. You can still donate that $83,000 over $83,000. No a should talk to the baby mama. He said he spoke to a girlfriend.


He should talk to the mother of the child. The mother of the child who said in the police report, she has told him to stop leaving these kids unattended multiple times. Yeah. Well also too, GoFundMe said that they do have a policy where like you can go and request your refund and get your money. Now I just thought like a mass disperse was gonna happen. AB did mention that too. He said, you know, he, he said he still gathering additional information. Get 'em money To the baby mama, get 'em money to the baby mama. Because if, you know, those kids are being left unattended by the, the baby's father, give the kid give the money to the baby mother Baby. Maybe she, maybe she can Let the baby mother have the mom, not Chris. Absolutely let the baby mother of the three kids who got left unattended let them get the money. Maybe she could Put'em in daycare care or whatever she is she needs to do. Yeah, absolutely. Give it to the mother of those three children.


But I think you have to make sure that's approved by the people donating money because they donated money for a particular reason. But I think you have to make sure that's fine to do as well. Yeah. Emini here. I'm pretty sure, I'm not for sure how that works, but I can ask. But yeah, just wanted to give that little update there that the still here and GoFundMe said at this point, they're not doing anything wrong. So, And by the way, if, if you, if the, if the the father is irresponsible with the kids, you, you think he's gonna be responsible with money. What are we talking about y'all? $83,000. Y'all, y'all be having so much sympathy for niggas nigga, but whatever. All right. You forgot where he came from. You forgot the kiss. You forgot the Jesus the kiss. Get clean in the mouth. Shut up man. Where? Gimme a dog, man. Why Would you get on air and say that you Better Stop fight?


Nobody Said that. You said you gotta stop with The rules. We, we we'll play the clip back later. No, I didn't say that. Yes you did. No I didn't. You said you kissed somebody in the mouth. Oh man. I said my pops. Oh, I thought you and my cool son. Oh, I'm, oh, I'm sorry. My bad God. Damnit my fault. He just, he made you listen. He sons you and made you gay in 10 seconds. Mayor Tom Ross in North Dakota needs to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him. Please clue. Don't like when you Play with his name. Well, you need to stop playing with clue's name. Shut up man. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I just wanted to know how you came up with the donkey on a day, because you're mean I'm not. What did I don?


There's a bunch of donkeys out here. The street. That is why Charlamagne, we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may we never will say to on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlamagne, God, a donkey, charmagne donkey. Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today for Friday, April 4th goes to Tom Ross. Tom Ross is the mayor of a North, North Dakota city. And before we continue, I need you to know it's Friday. So you know what that means, right? Nb? It's freaky, freaky, freaky Friday.


Hey, the reason I'm telling you this Uhoh is because Tom Ross is fam and by fam Emini here a freaky ass mail. Okay? I want all the beautiful working class people out there listening to my voice to think about what do you usually do on your lunch break? Okay? Most folks go get something to eat, right? Most folks try to get a quick nap. In more recent years, I've heard people say they even take the time to meditate, do some breath work. But some people like to do something that starts with an m and half, three syllables. But it's not meditate, it's masturbate. I can see people doing it for stress reduction. And that's why as I've gotten older, I don't be shaking everybody hand, okay? I give pounds because folks be out here going, you know, on Call of Duty solo missions on their lunch breaks and coming back in the workplace.


Like that's just mayonnaise from a tuna sandwich on their thumb. And that's the story with Tim Ross. Okay? Would you like to hear more? Yes. Let's go to KX News for the report, please. Minot Mayor Tom Ross has now resigned. This comes after an internal investigation was conducted after Minot City attorney Stephanie Stall Heim submitted a sexual harassment complaint. KX News obtained the full investigative report. The report states on the morning of January 14th, Ross called Sta Heim to inform her that an officer with Minot Police had died 11 minutes after that phone call, the report states that she received a text message from Ross with a video attached to it.


Ross then called Sta Heim asking her not to watch the video and simply delete it, saying it was intended for Ross's girlfriend. The report says she was under distress after hearing of the officer's passing, then being told by the mayor to delete a message. Just 11 minutes later, she was being consoled by other colleagues and stall Heim then tried to delete the video, but accidentally hit play. It was a sexually explicit video of Ross. Ross has since resigned as mayor just after three o'clock this afternoon. Now, Tom put out a statement and he said, I do take responsibility for this mistake as if anyone else could take responsibility as if it was anyone else's fault. It's your penis, your hand. Nobody was buffing your browser but you, okay?


You open that self-care app yourself, you're swiped right solo. Who else could take responsibility? Tom? What else I found funny was when he said, I tried to immediately correct it and was unable. What does that even mean? You can't uner yourself. Do you mean you tried to unsend the picture but the person you sent it to didn't have an iPhone? Is that what that was? Oh damn. What do you mean? What do you mean? You tried to correct it but was unable you were engaging and gentlemanly. Jousting. Okay. By the way, nothing wrong with that, but it's a time and a place for everything. And on your lunch break isn't the place nor the time. And what makes this story extra funny is he sent it to Stephanie Stalin, who's the city attorney. You just heard the news report. And she told investigators she had just spoken to Ross about a police officer's passing.


Okay? Just minutes before she received a video of the mayor doing the five finger shuffle, she told the mayor that a police officer had just transitioned, had just passed away. And he responded by sending a video of him making the bald man cry yogurt. Can you imagine? Okay, I told you about an officer passing away and you send me a video of you making tartar sauce rainbows. I prayed Tom didn't, you know, hang up with her and tell her I'm gonna send you something to lift your spirits or send you something to put things in perspective. You searching for a Maya Angelou video and end up sending the video of you Hulk smashing your sl. Today's Maya Angelou's birthday. I was wondering Why you brought her into this.


She was on my spirit. I think it's her, it's her birthday, right? Yes. Okay, now for the record, Tom didn't mean to blow the horn and send the video of him making Pearl jam to Stephanie. You heard the news report. He meant to send something sexer to his girlfriend, but mistakes happened. And he sent the video of him making some beef str beef stroking off to the wrong person. Okay? Stephanie filed an official harassment complaint, as she should have. She asked for a formal apology from the mayor, which she got, and she requested that he consider resigning, which he did. Listen, man, this is why I just believe some things just have to be done the old fashioned way. And things that you do in your bedroom, in the privacy of your own residence should stay there.


Everything isn't for digital consumption. Everything isn't, you know, to share on smartphones. Do we even call private parts private anymore? We should get back to that. Do we have to record and share every single damn thing nowadays? Especially intimate moments like that. I don't know who needed to hear this today, but your phone is not a safe space. Never has been, never will be. Especially if you got social media. A safe space last time I checked was a place where you can be yourself without fear of judgment or punishment. Can't find that place on your phone. A safe space is a place where you can be alone. You know, if you want, not when you seeking comfort and validation from social media.


A safe place. A safe space is populated with things that can make you happy and satisfied you not finding none of that on your phone. So why would you share some of your most intimate moments with this device? Please give Mayor Tom Ross of North Dakota, the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons Donkey of the Day. You the doggy of the day. You, You hidden folder is not a safe space. I don't think so.


I don't know why we so comfortable with our, with our smartphones. I really don't. I don't like that blank Acted like a calculator. That's really not a calculator. I don't know what you're talking about, But I don't, I I I Don't know. But you don't know. Is that fair? Is what? Oh, God is what? Fair way. Is that fair? What is what Fair Dominican made If I'm playing with, with my one eye snake, right? Little, little pocket pinball And I send it to my wife. Yeah. And instead of typing Gia, I type Charla by accident. And you get it. Now I get fired. I didn't mean to send it to you. It wasn't my intention to send it to you. I made a mistake.


And because you get it, you're gonna go to human resources. And now I gotta resign because you see me playing with my one eye snake by Accident. Is this you putting this on public record for a reason? What's going on here? I I, I don't know if that's, it's not like he did it on purpose. It's not like I said, I'm gonna send Charlemagne my one, my one eye Willie, and you know, he didn't, You got my instrumental in that, man. Y'all got my song. Y know, you know what I want to hear right now. Right? You know what I want. Right? It's it's not, you know what I want? You got that man. Is that really? I'm, I'm sick of this. Is that Really? I'm sick of this. He Didn't do it on purpose. So the man loses his, he could, he could have been a great mayor. He wanted to send something sexy to his girlfriend. I'm sure you said something sexy to your boyfriend. Right? Period. Now let's say you sent it to Charlemagne by accident.


Oh, What? Turn it up. We off and all that. Now Charlemagne sees that. Ew, he goes to human resources. I'm going on this ride alone and you Get fired. I'm going on this riding along And I'm going one House. That's not, he didn't do it On purpose. I'm going on one house. We need one person. If one person we need To go, you go to that one house. You got a good vehicle. I'm, Hey, you know what? I started taking the whole family. You know what I started throwing on jokes aside, all jokes side. I was behind a car, right? And I'm looking and people just kept getting out this car. It was a Hyundai Odyssey. All jokes aside, it was about how many people? It was about 10. I don't know. Did you call ice? No. But it was about 10 Mexicans or something.


I don't literally, and they just kept getting out. And I was like, y'all thought this only happened in movies, Man, I don I thought this only happened at Envy's house. No, but all jokes aside, shut up man. All jokes aside. We need to detain you for a little bit. Just a little bit. You know what, just a little bit You What a little razzle-dazzle Because I don't understand, I don't understand what anything that you say anymore. All right. Hey, you was fragile. He is 69. God, He's not make no sense. He don't want nobody to have no consequences for they asking. He made a mistake. Sure. People can't make mistake when you gotta, and you, and you know what he decided to do when he made his mistake? He decided to resign because She asked him to. She was like, you should resign. Gimme an apology and you should Resign. He felt like that was the right thing to do. You felt something else, huh? You keep Talking like, oh, Don't tell him that.


All right. Cory Booker like, relax. He Actually said Cory Booker upright. Don, day up Next. Keep going. Up next. I just wanna say, he actually said, the decision I made falls in line with all my work on behalf of the city of me note or whatever it's called. I put my heart and soul into this community. So he, he decided that was the honorable thing to do. I respect it. Yeah. 'cause he putting that heart and soul under all other places. You need To relax, John. Hope Bryant, when we come back, don't move. It's the breakfast slow. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed.


We Have John. Hope Bryant, welcome back, brother. Be here. How you feeling? Hello. If John O'Brien is here, that means that there's some good things going on in The World. First of all, you can't wearing gifts or bad or bad or bad, but at least the things that are bad, you can explain. Yeah. Especially when it comes to some financial stuff. Rainbows only follow storms. You cannot have a rainbow without a storm first. A scientific fact actually. Well, let's, let's, let's jump right into that. I was actually thinking about you the other day with all the tariffs that, that Trump is putting on the country and, you know, people are looking to purchase their first homes or all that. What would you advise people to do? Right? Because they're saying with the tariffs, they're saying the price of materials are gonna go up in price. They're saying the price of of cars and the parts are gonna be shooting up. What would you advise people to do if they're looking for home ownership at this point in their life?


Ignore the noise. This is just noise. Just like DEI was a distraction. Why are we arguing over DEI We're fifth on the list. Why are we the poster child for DEI? Right? But that be, we be, they wanted us to be the poster child. Somebody did. Somebody wanted black people to be, because that triggers racial overtones and all that other kind of stuff. This, that wasn't even our fight. This is not our fight. This is, this is somebody else's problem at the moment. I, it, it, this is like hitting, if you wanna get in a fight, this is like hitting your face on my fist. If you wanna fight, That's what, this is the biggest economy on the planet America. We're 25% of the global economy. We're 40% of global wealth in The World.


We're big ballers outta 808 billion people. There's only three 50 million people. But we lead the whole world. But 70% is economy. It's not rich people, it's not big business. It's you and me paying for car notes and mortgages. And it was a car service that brought me here. It was a, it's a breakfast that we had this morning. So this economy can't succeed without us succeeding, first of all. So this party ultimately will pivot back to what's gonna drive the economy because this is a capitalist democracy. Big C, little d it's a free enterprise tomorrow. So I tell people, ignore the noise. This stuff, if it's not working, Washington's gonna have to pivot. There's a strategy in Washington. I was with the Secretary of the Treasury a couple days ago who I actually like.


I think he's actually a decent guy. Please break that down. 'cause I need to know what the strategy is. I don't understand it. Well, no, no, I didn't say I understood it. Oh, Okay. You going too far? Okay. I said, first of all, I said I like him and he And I gonna work together on financial literacy. We don't, you know, we're not gonna agree on everything. I was with him for an hour. I didn't break. I didn't address this issue because his boss has already made up his mind. And I know I didn't wanna put him in an uncomfortable situation. He ask him questions that he can't answer. This has to play itself. Out Emini here. The country's having one big colonic, Right? Damn. So it's gonna take as long as it's gonna take. I don't think it's gonna take very long. You And I talked about this and either he's right or he is not the only way tariffs work. And I could break down what a tariff is, by the way, because most people don't understand it.


The only way a tariff works is if it's short term and it's tied to you negotiating something from whoever you're trying to extract something from another country. If it's your long-term strategy in a country that is consumer spending, it's a disaster. Mm. Because it's a tax on you and me. I'm getting ahead of myself. So you think this is a short term, is a tariff. First of all, a tariff in as simple as I can describe it, is a tax on American businesses and American consumers. So this concept of, I'm going to, you hit me. You're a China, you're Russia, you're CH wherever. India, The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond.


Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless List me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I am Bob Pitman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, Matt. The magic stories From the Frontiers of Marketing. I'm having conversations with some interesting folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use.


I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Health Beauty to ran Amin. The Way I approach risk is constantly try things and actually make it okay to Fail. I'm sitting down with legendary singer-songwriter and philanthropist jewel. I wanted a way to do something that I loved for the rest of my life. We're also hearing how leaders brought their businesses out of unprecedented times. Like Stefan Bon sell CEO of Moderna. He becomes a human decision to decide to throw by the window your business strategy and to do what you think is the right thing for The World. Join me as we uncover innovations in data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark the magic.


Listen to math and magic stories from the frontiers of marketing on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you get your podcast. Sometimes as dads, I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, you know, we're the providers, but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away. You gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else. But never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov. Brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad council. You hit me, I'm gonna hit you back.


No, a tariff might because the cost of the thing has gone up might mean we, we find Chinese goods less attractive. We find Indian goods less attractive because what costs a dollar not cost a dollar 80. So maybe we say, oh, I don't want any more of that. But the import, the American business pays the tax at the duty station. And what is that importer gonna do? What is a big company going to do when they get hit with higher prices? That there are no fault of their own. They increase their, they raise prices and everything. It's common sense. This is a radical movement of common sense. They pass that on to you and me. So our prices of everything in the is going to go up unless in a month he changes his mind again, which he's apt to do and says, I was just kidding.


Now let me go one step further and tell you how this, the only way this could have worked if sang, he wants to promote domestic production. He wants to bring everything back home. Fair argument. Although American, too much American manufacturer, you're very good American Manu as a ma manufacturing hub of old school manufacturing ended in the 1970s. That's why there's, there's more poor whites in America than poor anybody else because they had a high school education hustle and, and the jobs they were doing walked away in 19 40, 19 50, Detroit was the richest city in The World for automotive in the, in The World, richer than prairie is richer than ever relates. That was one of the poorest because the business plan for manufacturing walked away from America.


It went to places that were cheaper. Now we can be America, we can be a manufacturing center today, but it's gonna be high tech manufacturing. It's gonna be artificial intelligence and robotics. What you need education for, back to the story, right? The only way this would've worked is if the president said, you know, a year before you elected, get, get all the bankers together. Get all the fortune 500 companies together and look you guys, I'm gonna be president of the year. Just believe me. What I need you to do, go to your boards, go to your governance committees at the boards, go to your bankers who allocate capital. Go to Wall Street, tell 'em I'm coming and tell 'em to put capital aside for manufacturing at home also. 'cause I'm gonna have terrorists. Also. I need you to go to Staton Island. I need you to go to Little Towns in Cleveland. I need you to go to Detroit, wherever and cut deals for land.


I'm just breaking this down, right? And, and get the cities to support you. And we by, by the way, you're gonna need, if you're get this ai, you're gonna need a bunch of energy to fuel these AI factors. So you need to get some, you know, electricity and water things generated. I need you get, I'm gonna give you a year 'cause it's gonna be tens of billions of dollars in investment and know that I'm committed to this. My whole president, this is a new America. And the CEOs go, okay, we're with you. We wanna bring this back. And by the way, what's, what's what's in it for us? And he has these economic models that shows blah, blah, blah, over a period of time, this is gonna be short-term pain, long-term gain. Okay? None of that happened. Look, I'm not for against, I'm just saying I like masks because it doesn't have an opinion. I'm just saying, my friend Stevie Warn can see this.


None of this is going to work long term because there is no planning. And, And that's what I wanted to talk about. Like, I love the conversation you were having, but I wanna put some boots on the ground with it. When you talk about these working class people, the average everyday person living check to check, just trying to pay their rent. Just trying to buy groceries. What should they do in regards to these tariffs? Like could you tell, you know, you're telling everybody else just to be cool and silence the noise. They don't have that luxury. Oh no, this is our time. You can't fall from the floor. Black folks, we've been and brown folks, we've been, we've been doing so much with so little for so long. We can almost do anything with nothing Emini here. A crisis for us is Tuesday. That's right. Emini here we wake up in Christ. This is actually our asset and our problem. Before now, it was just our problem. I wrote, my last book is Financial Literacy for All.


Which by the way, thanks for helping me launch. It's still number one a year later in business finance. Not black, just black history or something. It's business finance in The World. But two books before was a book called The Memo. And in the memo I said basically there's some is what we don't know that we don't know. No one gave us a memo on how the economy works. And I said, there's three times a people, there's a surviving mindset, there's a thriving mindset, there's a winning building mindset. Wealthy people talk about their ideas, poor people talk about other people. So if you have a surviving mindset that the glass is half empty, not half full, it's the same glass. But whether you believe you can or whether you believe you can't, you're right. You're Right. Alright, we got more with John Hope Bryant, when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy, Jess, Larry Charlamagne, the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with John Hope Bryant. Now what are you doing this weekend? Again, Dream forward what you're, what you're involved in. And I would love to have all of you involved in, by the way, because you're all voices for this generation. This is a meeting between Republicans and Democrats. We have second Senator Raphael Warnock, who is a fifth chap pastor of Ebenezer Church and a Democratic senator. We have Mick Mulvaney, former chief of staff for Trump. We have the black Pope, Bishop TD Jakes. We have the man who was on the balcony with Dr. King, ambassador Andrew Young. We have Dr. King's daughter, Dr. Bernice a king. She's a great person. We've got Brother Killer Mike.


Killer Mike. TI. It is an amazing lineup. I just talked to Dr. Ben Chavis this morning. He, there's a hundred delegates, founding delegates of Mark Morrell, the National Urban League. Everybody who you think of or may or may not have known, known about, who is at the top of the mark, they're going to be there. In fact, the, we just announced yesterday the dropping the drop the mic keynote to walk off the stage is Sam Altman, who is the Steve Jobs of this generation. That's ai. So it is a way to honor Dr. King, not by just marching in the streets, but cutting business deals in the suites. It is continuing his unfinished work of the Poor People's campaign. It is his last book.


Where Do We Go From Here? It's answering that with a dream forward. And there's no complaining, there's no politics, there's no whining, there's no talking about politicians. This is about us moving forward for two hours, a positive plan. And people will be able to download the business plans we wrote and can, and you can have it, you can talk about it at the kitchen table. You can mark it up, change it. But this is full transparency. We wrote a plan. Typically this happens behind closed doors, right? We've written these plans and they'll be available to everybody. People can register@operational.org and actually listen to the global town hall. Roland Martin is gonna be streaming it. You guys are gonna be there. We've gotten, I think I heard the Associated Press is gonna be there.


We have all the networks who have moderators part of it. We've tried to be as inclusive as we can. We got a video yesterday from, from the new chairman of the Senate Bank Committee. Tim Scott brother. And that's speaking what time? It's, it's one to 3:00 PM Eastern Standard time today, right? Yeah. Today, yeah. And it's noon to two central standard time. Dr. King, by the way, was assassinated April 4th, 1968 at 6:00 PM Central time. That's the exact time he, he actually had a pillow fight right before he was assassinated. He had just relaxed and he knew he was gonna be, he knew he was gonna be killed the night before. It was the only time he ever collapsed on stage.


He gave a speech called the mountaintop. I've been to the mountain, I've seen the mountaintop. I may not get there with you. He knew it. And he collapsed in his, in Andrew Young and Jesse Jackson's arms and others. And the next day they, Andrew Young tells me they had this incredible pillow, pillow fight in the hotel. The LRA will be at the Lorraine Motel, by the way, I will today. And he, he just thought it was eerie that Dr. King was so light. And he walked on that balcony, boom. And The World changed. And what nobody knows is later on the FBI told Ambassador Young, the instructions for the shooter was, if you, if you miss the dreamer, kill the strategist.


Wow. That's Andrew Young. So he hasn't been able to sleep for all these years. Oh wow. He, the guy who created the, the Ozzie in Harville for black people in The World. Atlanta, Georgia is the only international city in the south. A 800 and a $550 billion economy. The same size as Singapore, by the way. So we've proven we can build a world economy. The guy who did that brought the Olympics to Atlanta. The only mayor ever mentored by Dr. King can't sleep. Hmm. So we, we owe him a debt. We owe all the heroes and sheroes and leaders who came before us a debt. We owe those who are trying to fight for our civil rights now, a debt to carry on this work. And not just be about me, but to be about we. This is you.


You can't just be selfish anymore. Like we, we have got to be about all of us. And this is, this is our time. If you wanna be a part of history, you wanna feel like your life really mattered. It's right now, in my opinion. And there are answers to these questions, Emini here. There's nothing that we talked about this morning that's Rocket Science. Tune in, dream Forward. How do they tune in again? Town Hall on Financial Inclusion. And what's the website Again? You can tune in@operationhope.org where you can register at Operation Hope dot and it'll stream and hopefully The Breakfast Club. And I Emini here. iHeart, by the way, is, is covering it. Black Information Network is covering it. Nice. We have many, many maybe platforms. Again, Roland Martin's gonna be covering it. And we, we, we have our own string you can go to if you get lost, just go to operation hope.org and you, there'll be instructions there.


Or just follow Charlemagne. He'll, he'll he'll be with us. Pastor, I'll lead you there. But, but this is, you know, this, this is no time to be. I understand stress And I, I understand this is serious. But unless you're just gonna give up, throw your hands up, you might as well be positive about it. I can't guarantee you that being positive is gonna make you succeed, but I absolutely guarantee you that being negative is gonna make you fail. Absolutely. And these folks want you to give up, by the way, they want you to throw your hands up. That's why they did all this stuff in the first 60 days, was to flood the system overwhelm you, but you throw your hands up and you give up. No, no, we not gonna give up. We gonna double down and we're going to be a North star.


What I want at this meeting is civility. I, I want us to be civil. I want us to be an elegant, I want us to be intelligent. I want us to be thoughtful. I, Emory University's already signed up to work on the plan. They, they, they were, they, they were so impressed with what we're doing. They, they were Economics department said, this is a great plan. We, along with The clock, Atlanta University Business School, will work to build this out for six months between now and the whole Global Forum in December, where we have another version of the plan. And everybody gets to participate in, not everybody, but the a hundred delegates will get to participate in help to shape the plan. So what's gonna be announced at the meeting is the framework of the business plan. I talked a little bit about that today. I, I mentioned there's seven 50 billion available just for black.


This is the Black American plan through credit score increases. We can do that ourselves. I I'm doing that at Operation Hope. Increasing increasing credit scores, 50 to a hundred points. And by the way, don't pay anybody to raise your credits. That, that you don't need that. We do it for free. You can be a homeowner. 44% of black people own a home compared to 75% of our white counterparts. The number one way you build wealth in America, homeowner is home ownership. Ownership. Well, today it's, it's going to be a, a financial inclusion dream Forward is a virtual town hall and we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Always my brother. Thank you so much. I love you guys. And make sure you subscribe to John O'Brien's podcast, the Money and Wealth podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. You can get information like this all the Time way. And we appreciate you for joining us Brothers Operation Hope. Thank you John. It's John Hope Bryant, it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Wow. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now. Laura Na Rosa is in for Jess. So let's get to Pastor S here. Dj, come spin. Come spin. What's up Nila? What's up guys? Nila Simone. Big Nila certified Viber. Good Morning. What's up guys? Happy Friday. Oh, I'm sorry. I like that shirt too man. Thank you.


We're selling them today at Vibe Check. We doing a vibe check in Riley Ville. Okay. Yeah. A little North Carolina takeover. I'm super excited. Where's it at? Oh, you guys say yeah, you got A-R-S-V-P. It's like private list only 'cause Where you SV P@certifiedfive.com. All right. Yeah. Tight guest list though. So I don't know. But let's get into the music. I wanna start off with Baby Face E. He got this song with mellow bucks called Tweakers. Mm. Okay That's that club lot of tequila tank top on sweaty. You know girls throw that arm up and start doing this and that thing right there. Start jiggling. Not the haw. That little ock start Jiggling not hawk. What Age is this girl? People don't be sweating. 33. You're from Delaware. No. Jesus. You don't be sweating. That was hard though.


I'm not. I did think you would like the record Lord. I'm like what? I gonna like that. Yeah. Yep. No hawk though. No, not at. You already know. Don't play me. All right. The next record is this girl from the DMV. Her name is Serena. She actually performed at my LA my last concert that I do last month. The all ladies one. And she's also a two loss artist. But when I saw her perform I was really impressed. But my favorite record that she performed was called What You Didn't Know. Okay, she reminds Me of Victoria Vic. Victoria Monet. Yeah. Victoria Monet Per, that's a compliment. Yes. When I saw her life, she really reminded me of Tyler. But she's Haitian. I can, I can hear that. Okay. So she's giving like Haitian Tyler, but she from the DMV.


Okay. Shout out to the DMV you Said Per just now is what is that new slang that's Like Identifies a cat Emini Here? Kind of. But he just wanna be, he just wanna say perv so bad. I'm just Listening to what the youngins are Doing. Perv per like per like clock it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Don't Do, when you say purr you gotta be like per clock It. So when NB was talking about kissing Clue in the mouth earlier, I should have said perf clock it. Clock it too. Clock it perf. You just gonna lie on me on that. I'm gonna sue you. I'm going even resource. Nah, I'm gonna sue you. I'm gonna sue you. Alright. The last record is gonna go to Ivory Scott who just dropped the RB project last Friday. Definitely tap in with him. Phenomenal songwriter, but also a really dope RB artist.


My favorite record on there is called Control It. I like that. Put NE Chop on the remix. It can be a semen retention anthem. Oh man. All right. I wasn't expecting that. No, No I don't want that. But that is TT You love Tink. Tink is on there. Oh that was Ting. Oh Okay. And I I love Tink. Yes, I know. So if you guys like those records, make sure you guys tune into the certified Vibe. Playlist. It's on certified vibe.com. Or you can follow me on Instagram. Click the link bio. Will you be vlogging a lot of content from Dreamville Fest all Weekend Log. I'm so excited. You Don't lie. Nla Nla like to go do things secretly and don't be showing nobody. But she don't, I don't record it and then like won't like, but you've been, she been a lot better at like doing her daily stuff, but That's why she's a dope old.


So. 'cause she enjoys the moment. Oh Yeah I do. I Until she ready to go home, then she be ready to go home. Yeah. I'm always ready to go home. But I will say I am actually gonna vlog this. I'm not sure if I'm gonna vlog it on the story thing, Lauren. Right. I record it And I just keep it for myself. I just feel like not everything's for everybody. Yes. But your generation likes to see that type of content and you in the mix. Nyla, I can tell you That over, over that Dream Go Fest. Allegedly you A certified Viber. I know, but I want people to see what I want them to see. Show People to vibe. So then you pick and choose what clips you put in. Fine. I'm gonna block it. I am gonna block it. But I'm excited 'cause I've been to every single dream be Fest. I started off as a fan to working it to now throwing my own event there so it feels like, like a full circle.


I'll be there Sunday morning, me and June flying on Sunday morning. Sunday morning. Oh my God. Look j Cole performing Sunday. I know, but it's a two Day. You go in there and they come and break back. Yes. That's how flights work. When you See NV this weekend in Fayetteville, Riley blowing a kiss with guys. All he guys join Kiss. You know what I saying? My first thought was then you can't even go to no after party. Yeah. The parties. Because You gotta come back to go to Wayne. Yes. I'm gonna go to concert and come back. Alright. Why do you only wanna See that? You Don't wanna see Wayne And in you be and a Hot Boys As a father, when your daughters have dance competition, you have to be a dad. All right. I ain't never gonna knock fatherhood. All right. Salute. Yeah. But I'll be there Sunday morning.


Okay, cool. Sunday Morning. All right. Big Nile, y'all. That's right. Certified Viber. All right. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix and we're gonna keep it all r and b this morning. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, just hilarious Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law. The Rosa affiliate in for Jess. And we got a salute to John O'Brien for joining us this morning. Man. Salute to John O'Brien.


Today we are doing the Dream Forward Virtual Town Hall on Financial Inclusion with John O'Brien. It is live from the National Civil Rights Museum. And if you go to operation hope.org/dream forward, you can watch operation hope.org/dream forward. Okay, it starts at 1:00 PM today, John will be live from the National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis.


But we'll be on now, I'm actually gonna be on the panel at two 20 for part two of the Dream Forward event. Where do we go from here? From the streets to Wall Street, redefining Wealth for All. And it'll be myself along with Nicole Poland Ross, who's the head of Sports and Entertainment Solutions at Gold Sachs. And my guy Ti I. And it's moderated by Jabari Young, the editor of Forbes blk. So make sure you get on operation. Do operation hope.org/dream forward today to watch the virtual Town Hall on Financial inclusion at 1:00 PM All right, well, oh, Melanie Fiona too. And Also Ute to Melanie Fiona for joining us. Yeah. Salute to Melanie. Fiona, man, her new EP Say Yes is out the day and her tour begins on April 27th.


So salute to Melanie, man. All Right. When we come back, we got the Positive Notice to Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and it's time to get up outta here. Yeah, man, I wanna tell everybody too. Thank you. You know we are a couple of weeks away from the third annual Black Effect Podcast festival. Lauren, you ain't telling you was gonna be at the podcast festival. I, I didn't know I could. I didn't know if it was all done. Emini here. That's what they told me yesterday. Emini here. Emini here. I am gonna be there and attend. Of course you're moderating a panel, but yes, I am moderating the panel. I don't even know the all the information yet, but I will be moderating the Panel. Oh, you're moderating a panel on mental health. Yes, Yes.


Yeah, I did. I know that it was mental health, but I will be moderating the panel. I will be there and people have been asking me will I be there? 'cause I didn't make it last year. So I'm excited. This is my first time. It's a great event, man. You know, we got some great people that's gonna be there. This shit, Carrie Champion is gonna be doing her Naked podcast live. From there tanking, Jay Valentine will be doing their RB Money podcast live from there. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be doing her Woman of Ball podcast live from the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. So go get your tickets this weekend, black effect.com/podcast Festival. Go get your tickets and we'll see you Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Now the positive note is this, today is Maya Angelou's born day. How old would Maya been today?


Do we know? She would be 97 years old today? She Would be nine seven. Now actually, you know, I'm gonna tell you that. I'm gonna tell you why that's important. A lot of times we be saying she a person would've been an age that they would not have been. She potentially could have been 97 still. Sometimes we'd be like, such and such would've been 132. No, they wouldn't have. Okay, but 97 she would've been. But one of my favorite quotes from Maya Angelou, and this is the positive note, if you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. That is just a reminder to shift your mindset when you can't control a situation. Remember that this weekend and have a great weekend Breakfast Club bitches, you I'm Finish or y'all done. Taking control of your career is empowering.


Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Welcome to Pot of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skar. Sabine Ren, specter five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowaway moderator.


Each Week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jelle and many others. So Hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts From. The producers who brought you Princess of South Beach comes a new podcast. The setup. The Setup follows A lonely museum curator. But when the perfect man walks into his life, Well, I guess I'm saying I like it.


You Like me? He actually is too good to be true. This is a con. I'm conning you to get the Del Painting. You can do this together. Listen to the setup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Why Would you do that to me? Los Angeles 2021, A friendly neighbor appears out of nowhere and promises to make all my dreams come true. Let's not forget that David Bloom was a professional con artist, so you didn't stand a chance. But my dreams soon turned into a nightmare. I'm Caroline De Moray. Listen, as I take down my scammer on Once Upon a Con on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.