
What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear, and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere. 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more


As Cybersecurity Awareness Month wraps up. Remember that threats don't stop. Outdated software can leave you vulnerable to cyber attacks, making it easy for criminals to exploit security flaws. Norton 360 has you covered with multiple layers of protection designed to keep you safe online. The software Updater feature ensures your programs are always current. With Norton 360, you get robust year-round protection against today's sophisticated threats. Don't wait. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli me crispy. Quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think Crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


This is Simone. Boy from the Brightside. Beauty is about more than just beauty. It's about worth, individuality, and the power that comes from being your truest self. At L'Oreal Paris, beauty means embracing who you already are, enhancing the diverse features, experiences, and personality that makes you well. You L'Oreal's Beauty Essentials. Combine innovative products with that classic farian touch to help you feel like your most confident self. Because taking on The World is a little less scary when you feel ready for your closeup. L'Oreal Paris because you are worth it. Learn more at L'Oreal paris.com.


Good morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is on maternity leave. What up, Lauren? La Rosa. Good morning, Charlemagne. tha God. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning. Morning. It's Wednesday. Hump day, middle of the week. How you guys feeling? I am blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful Breakfast Club listeners. Thank you. God. That's Right, Rick. Free everything. Charlotte said. Yes, ma'am. Yeah. Did y'all see basketball last night? Did you watch basketball? Did you see LeBron and Bronny play for the First time? I saw that on my, yeah, I saw it on my timeline and watched the game. That's Pretty good. Yeah, I, I saw it on Instagram.


I was out to dinner with some, some of my folks, but yeah, I saw it on Instagram. Did he, did they, did Brony score any points? Nah, Brony didn't, Scorey points. Oh. How long did he play? Mm, not sure. Four min, three minutes. Three minutes. Three minutes. Three minutes. Not sure. Okay. Yeah. I also see my Knicks got blown out the Celtics last night. Jesus Christ. They tied the NBA record for making the most threes last night. It was crazy. It was definitely crazy. Congratulations to them. And it was their ring ceremony, so they got their, their world ring. So last night was a huge sports night at the crib last night. What y'all do? Anything yesterday, you said went out to eat? Yeah, I was out to eat. I went out to eat with some of my folks last night. A great dinner conversation, man. I, I have a, a, a homie who You know, brings people together in a, in a, in a, in a real way, and brings together these great, these great dinners where we have great, great conversation.


Y'all know, y'all know Bobby Brown You know Bobby Brown, My prerogative, Which, No, Sorry. The makeup part is Bobby Brown. Yes. Oh yeah. And Jones Road. Oh my God. Yes. She brings, she has these great dinners with You, know a lot of diverse, diverse people at the table, and we have these great conversations. So last night was one of those nights. Okay. Did she tell you Leave my lashes alone? No. Oh, okay. I should ask her about your lashes. No, you should ask her about why you should leave them alone. Because You know, I'm sure she got some as black women in beauty. All the strides that we're making. We don't need the likes of you trying to set us back. No, we don't need your eyelash kicking your ass every day. You don't think You trying to set us bad? I don't wanna see you in here fighting with your eyelash every morning. I want to know how we can stop that violence.


Well, she doesn't have em on today. I have more in like three Days. Because they've been beating your No, I just wanted to take you Should, you should have been broke Up with him. I just wanted, You should have been into that relationship. I, I have attachment issues. I just wanted to take a break. Like, I just needed a break after Gho. I just needed a break from everything. And You know what? I was in the back yesterday and You know on in the back. We have the cameras on the way you was beating your head yesterday. I Tried to tell her I thought I felt bad. Like for real. It might be. I Forgot my rat tail comb. I, I should have bought you the rat tail comb. Ah Dang. Ain't nothing. And all these women up here didn't bring you a rat tail comb to scratch up under that cap. It's okay. This cap. But I told you that y this Cap is done as a Saturday The way you was beating your Headhouse.


You might have a concussion. I told her that yesterday. No, y'all don't understand. It's like li braids and everything under here. What is it? The braids Envy. Get your friend. She's, she's Like, who man is this? She's young. She, she's too young to understand where that came from. Why, What is it Kendrick Lamar? No. Okay. I'm starting to wonder about you. Envy you talking about C-T-E-I-I think there's only one person in this room that might have pt. I would have to be like, I would be like seven months to not know where that came. You gotta be Jeff baby age. All right. To like, to not know where that came from. What? Alright. I think she's too young to know where that came from. But that was just, just summer out. Got Ct e man. No, when You say what is it? What is it? The brain. I was thinking, what is it?


Velvet? That's where I thought it came from. And. I was thinking Come to America. Oh my God. That's what I thought it was. I knew that one too. Didn't I just tell him five minutes ago? His brain works differently. I know that one too. That's what I Thought. What is it? What is it? Velvet? What is it? The, that's what I thought it was from. I was Wrong. Red. Start the show please. No, we not checked Damon Ways. Jr would be joining us this morning. My God. Papa's house comes out Mondays at eight 30. PM Eastern Time. You and Lauren need a helmet. Lauren hitting herself in the head. You just need a helmet. Oh God. Because you need a helmet. Oh my. I really want, dang, it's over there. I'm getting my Bobby Brown compact. So you could tell her like, I love her. Nah, Bobby, the est. All Right, well let's get the show Cracker. We got front page news is Morgan, what is this morning? Alright, perfect. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news. Start up with some quick sports. Like I said, the Lakers beat the timber Wolves last night. 1 10, 1 0 3. The Celtics destroyed the Knicks. 1 32, 1 0 9, and the historic baseball. The 50 for 50 baseball actually sold yesterday at auction for $4.4 million. Now the Dodgers allegedly offered him $300,000 when he caught the ball. He decided not to sell it right then and there and wound up making 4.4 million smart at Auction. Smart guy. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Envy, Charlemagne and Lauren. Good to be back with you guys. How y'all feeling this morning? How you Feeling?


I'm feeling this is party, party, party, party, party, Man. Yeah, that Ravens game. We'll blame it on that. Right? There you go. Election day is officially 13 days away on to Tuesday. Tuesday, November 5th. And on top of the front page news is making sure you exercise your right to vote. With that said, former President Trump and Vice President Harris, they are active on the campaign trail in swing states. Okay? Yesterday, Trump participated in a round table with Latino voters in Florida, Dole, Miami area. And he also took part in a rally in North Carolina where he slammed the Biden Harris administration on topics related to going electric, immigration, the economy, and the border. Let's hear more from Trump in Florida.


She was made the borders are now, she said she wasn't. She was the borders officer three and a half years. And now she said, now whether she is or not, she was in charge of the border. That's loud and clear. She never once called the border patrol. The border patrol, by the way, five days ago, endorsed me, which is something there not even really supposed to do. And in endorsing me, they gave it a full throated endorsement. But in endorsed me, they, they said how horrible she is. And it's not easy for them to say that You know this is the vice president of the country. They work for the country. They gotta stop saying Fullthroated endorsement.


God dang about to say like, I, nobody ever pauses that. When they say that they gave me a full throated endorsement. Pause. Oh, what's Wrong? He also asked the crowd if Harris drinks or whether she was on drugs, in reference to a recent interview that she did on 60 Minutes saying it was that bad that they, he was basically concerned about her use of other substances. Anyways, last week, ara at, at a rally in Arizona, the National Board of Patrol co council did in fact endorse former President Trump. Now, speaking of Arizona, which is a swing stage, Trump's running mate, JD Vance, he spoke at a campaign event yesterday in Arizona where he compared VP Harris' Energy plan to that, a former President Trump's energy plan.


Let's hear those comments from Vance in Arizona. Kamala Harris's economic plan is to wage war on American energy, drive up the cost of oil, drive up the cost of natural gas, and drive up the cost of everything that requires low energy costs, which is everything that we buy. You know Donald Trump's plan to bring down energy prices is very simple. It's drill, baby drill. We got plenty of oil and gas in our own country. Let's get it outta the ground. I mean, listen, man, I keep telling y'all the Biden administration drilled way more than Donald Trump's administration did. That's why I don't understand. Like, there's some of these questions, like even the stuff with the borders. All right? Like when they say this stuff, when JD Van says that all you gotta do is just simply put out the numbers.


Biden administration drilled more than Trump when they say the vice president and is the borders are, and she's in charge of the border. No, she's not the secretary of Homeland Security. It's his job to manage the border. Like she's not, the borders are like, it's just like, just simple things they can push back on. And I You know when we had the conversation that I had with her, what, a week ago I said that, I'm like, why do y'all, why do you just allow these labels to be put on you? She, Her answer was basically, she ain't got time to respond to everything You know, gotta respond to everything. But some, some things You know, don't just you have to respond to are just simple. And you should You know you should clean up. Well, Let's run down some of the polls right now. Vice President Harris with a three point lead nationally over former President Trump with two weeks to remain the Roy Reuters IPSes poll shows that Harris has a 46% over Trump's 43%.


But in that same timeframe, Trump beat out Harris in the Hill decision desk HQ election forecast for the first time. That shows the GOP nominee has a 52% chance of winning with Harris at 48%. And the latest national poll by Emerson College shows that Harris with 49% compared to Trump's 48%. So as it has been previously mentioned, over and over and over again, this race is neck and neck. So it is imperative that everybody get out to vote at seven. I will talk about, or see we'll catch up with where Vice President Harris is on the campaign trail. Pick it. It is just wild that when we, we, we, we having these conversations like I promise you, you, if this was any other candidate, they'd be disqualified from running.


Like, did you see the Atlantic article that came out last night where Trump said, I need the kind of gen generals that Hitler had. Mm. Why are you even, like, why are we even flirting with that? Mm. Like, why are we even flirting with that type of fa And when you got a guy talking about using the military against political opponents, he wants to jail journalists talking about su the suspended the constitution to overthrow the results of an election. The Privilege that he has to just be able to throw those things out There. Right? Yeah. Why you talking about putting people in camps? You need the kind of generals that Hitler had. Why are we even flirting with that? Like, what's up Amer? Like I don't, America's a scream, Right? If anybody else strange and under investigation. Yep. Alright, well let's, that's front page news.


We'll see you next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines to wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this Good Morning Breakfast Club? It's Ja from India. Hey, what's up? About to get it off your chest. Hey, I'm excited for my son. He is officially in Alpha, but this is his first homecoming coming up as an alpha. He's a legacy kid. I'm an alpha.


He missed homecoming last week with me for my to go to Howard. This is a big weekend for him. I kind of wanna show up for him and set, but I ain't got it like I used to. So I'm just gonna record him, man. Oh, you were Alpha, I'm I was Ms. Black and Gold. What that mean? Oh, Okay. I want a pageant in college. Oh, like just a dermis? Yeah. What school? What school does he go to, bro? He's at Purdue And I. I graduated undergrad from Ball State and Indiana, but it's a homecoming, man. I'm excited for it. Well, Congratulations to your son, man. Don't go out there stepping away. Ain't got it no more. Let him, let him be great. Here we go. All That with your son, brother. Hello? Who's this? This is Malcolm X from the D. What up though? What up? What up though? Malcolm X What? Have mercy. That's some big shoes to fill, brother.


Yes sir. Yes sir. My mother named me after him was a big fan of his dope. Good morning to you, miss Lauren Charlamagne. Morning brother. Thank you for protecting my call. Yes Sir. I just want to be an, I'm a 54-year-old black man from the, from the DA former Marine and a former police officer. And I did have a problem with the so-called You. know the, the brothers out there that You know that don't wanna vote now here it is. Kamala Harris was just thrown into the position to be VP and You know you got the brothers out here saying, Hey, we need to treat our queens and be good to 'em and all come together and all this.


And yet still they keep bashing Kamala for trying to do what she's trying to do. You know. Nobody saying You know you don't have no black women calling in complaining about what she's trying to do. But you got all these black men complaining like, Hey, what is Kamala gonna do for me? King You know King. Can I king, can I say something? Let's, let's not feed into that narrative man, because the reality, okay? Because the reality is black men are always the second largest voting block of Democrats. And also the other reality is if there's black men out there You know who have those questions and they want to feel like they want to be talked to, that they have the right to do that. And she understands that. That's why she says, yo, every community, I have to go out there and earn their votes, including black men.


So they have the right to do that. I understand, I understand. I was just saw that You know when I was looking at that about Atlanta on tv. And it just seems like when You know the white man get up in the, in the office. I don't hear no phone calls or anything complaining about Bush Clinton. You know none of them You know. But that's not the brother get up in Obama. That's not true though, man. We, we, we keep saying like, everybody had mad complaints about Biden people definitely. I I wasn't even voting when George Bush was president, but I definitely remember everybody complaining about George W. Bush. And people complain about every, anybody that was every president, they complain about Barack Obama. They complained about Trump. They complained about Biden And I think people have the right to complain. People have the right to question.


I don't think people have the right to be disrespectful. Like I've heard a lot of brothers be disrespectful recently. But outside of that, I think people have the right to ask questions. Yes. Ain't nothing wrong with That. And it's, and I'm telling you, this whole black male narrative is not supporting the vice president that is so overstated. Once again, somebody gotta show me otherwise. 'cause black men are always the second largest voting block, but of, of, of Democrats. And ain't nobody out there screaming on these white women. 52% of white women voted for Trump in 2016. 55% in 2020. Ain't nobody barking on them. Go bark on them. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club.


Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, char, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get On the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's up? Envy? This is Iggy from Pittsburgh. Good morning Breakfast Club. Good morning brother. Get it Off your chest. Hey, I wanted to get off my chest. They had a rally for Trump here in a little borough in Pittsburgh the other day. It was, it was nasty. It was crazy. It was all Mayo running through the streets. Hellmans and Miracle Whip. All the big backs. It was just disgusting. I don't know why everybody keep tripping off these checks man, Them stimulus checks.


It was nothing. Yeah, it was nothing. It was 1500. It helped in that. That Something to a lot of people though. Yeah. Let's not act like that ain't no money. Yeah. To some people. That's That's, I said it helped. It helped at that Cal. But like you say Charmagne, it is over for that. It's, unless that's another pandemic happened, they think it's, they think Trump is they friend. It's crazy. Yeah. They think Trump just gonna be out here handing out money. But You You know it. It always reminds me of this quote and the quote is, people will forget what you did. They'll forget what you said, but they'll never forget how you made them feel. And You know during that time when you receiving checks in the mail and they got somebody name on it, You know you like Woo, thank you. Whoever's name is on that check because it's not like Biden didn't put out a stimulus check, he just didn't put his name on it.


They just, they were just terrible at marketing. They don't realize when he get a police immunity and all these black people like Yeah. Yeah. And they sons and daughters getting shot by the police because they got immunity. Then they'll be like, oh we should have never voted for him, Man. Like they don't see that coming. It's a bigger picture and one more thing. Yo, that's nasty work. Which y'all doing When we on hold we gotta listen to Bart Simpson open the music. That's crazy. Well we got a bunch of, we got a bunch of different theme songs ain. Just Bart Simpson. There's A bunch of theme songs. Charlamagne. That's nasty man. Come on man. You Don't like the TV theme songs? Nah, not that Tries to put you in a happy place.


Thank you Iggy. We got the Simpsons, we got Cosby Show, we got Boondocks, we got Different World. Hello. Who's this all? Hello? Hello. Yo, what's up? Get it off your chest brother. First Of all, good morning, Charlemagne. tha God, DJ Envy, peace and Miss. Beautiful. Lauren Osa. Yes. Good morning. First off, I got two things. Yeah. First I got two things to get on my chest. First off man, y'all be bullying Miss Lauren early in the Morning. Talk about it man. Y'all need to stop it. It's, it's like I need to stop it. It's crazy what I be going through up here. Right. Thanks. You too beautiful for that Queen. I thank You. What you You know? What, what year were you born? Thank You. 88. Yeah. See I'm tell you something about y'all generation.


Y'all throw the word bully around so stupid. I be wondering like I read comments sometime And I be like, did y'all grow up around any black people? Like where You know family used to crack jokes on each other. Carolina bro. Bro, I can't tell Carolina just like you bro. So Why you using words like bully? Don't be bullying her early in the morning. Man, shut up. I wouldn't Do that. I love that you use the word beautiful though. You know you could use that a lot. Oh yeah. I be checking out your own Instagram all the time. For sure. Thank you. But the second thing I want to get my chest. Y'all gotta leave Kendrick Lamar alone. Y'all gotta take that, that, that. They not like us. That gotta come off the radio. No sir. Why would you want that? You must be light-skinned. Nah. Yeah I am.


There You go. Aint ain't nothing wrong with that. That's your opinion, your thought. Thank you brother Dick. Hey I want Hear Why though? Why do You though Man, y'all running it in the ground. Hey man, it's a hit record. Okay. It Is. But it's like y'all forcing it on us too much. No, no we did not. But that was an instant hit record the moment everybody heard It's like a did record like y'all y'all y'all just like take that, take that. Take that. I Don wanna Take it no more. Don't have a good day. Don't. Damn, that's not the nasty. I don't think I want him being my bully def defend him. Who defending me no More? Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this is Akil man. Akil. What's up? Get it off your chest. Akil. Hey man, I gotta talk to Lauren man. Oh God.


Miss Nun knew over there. Hey so Lauren you need, I've already read the comment. Hey man. So listen, I, I'm a long time. Listen, I love y'all Charlemagne Envy. I appreciate y'all, everything y'all do for the community, all that good stuff. Lauren. I love you too. When I got, I gotta keep it 100. Right? When you was up here earlier when they were doing the switches and stuff, you was talking about comic, you talking about he was love bombing and all kinds of stuff. Right? And you came at him a little bit. But with JLo, you, you flipped the script. I mean as far as I know JLo was married. So You saying she Marry nobody? Yeah, I You keep it 100. Yeah. Keep it 100. Lauren. You can't be just switching, switching up the code like that. Nah, nah. I love you black girl grinding all that.


But I gotta keep doing 100 with you. But we don't even know why J-Lo and Ben didn't work out. We didn't know why Tiffany Hadish in comedy didn't work out. We, we knew what Tiffany Hadish said. We knew what Tiffany Hadish said and J-Lo didn. But J-Lo got history though. Well did you didn't, did you hear when I was giving You know coming his just due for doing what it seems like is right with Jennifer Hudson. Yes, I understand that. But I'm saying okay, you needed to get the same energy to JLo you, you, you walking it back a little bit. I'm not gonna say nothing, but I'm just saying I gotta point it out to you. Double standards are real. They are. And we have to take 'em when y'all send 'em over here. So Welcome to our world, I mean, what, When when men throw the double standards on women, we just gotta go with it.


Right? We just, it's just life. So Welcome to the party. To the party. For real. It's like that. Nah, I hear you though. But I mean And I don't know. I don't really think it's the same. Maybe I am just being biased 'cause she's a woman. Thank You Akil. Get it off here. Chest 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up. Now we got Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming Up. We do. We gonna talk LeBron and Brony back on the court. But this time for the official game. Okay. Making history. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business. None of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD oh.com.


Moments Like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Cybersecurity awareness month is wrapping up, but threats won't be going away anytime soon. That's why there's no better time to boost your defenses with Norton 360 1. Often overlooked aspect of cybersecurity is keeping your software updated. Outdated software can contain known security flaws that cyber criminals are eager to exploit. These vulnerabilities can lead to unauthorized access to your systems or the theft of sensitive information. That's where Norton 360 comes in. Norton 360 provides the comprehensive cyber safety protection you need to help stay safe from today's sophisticated cyber threats. It offers a range of features designed to give you peace of mind and robust security. One of the features is the software updater. This tool keeps your computer programs up to date helping to reduce security vulnerabilities that could be targeted by cyber criminals. With Norton 360, you can ensure your entire system is protected. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure. That's norton.com/secure.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open Air words or stylish. The color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out bose.com for more.


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty. The famed skincare brand created by iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin. Meaningful beauty makes powerful and effective skincare simple. And it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system. Free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren. La Rosa News is real. Just Robin Moore. Just Don't do no lying. Don't she Don't spare nobody bro. Why Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Let's go Lauren. Woo. Thank you. Let's Go. Yeah. Why you doing that? What I'm giving you positive encouragement. Let's go Envy. What happened?


Oh my God. You don't know either, right? That's correct. Okay. Have No idea. Same. Okay, so last night. Last night LeBron and Bronny took the court. This is not the first time we've seen them together on the court. They did the preseason game against the sons. But this is the first time we're seeing them in the actual like opener. Officially game officially first father and son duo to play together in the NBA. They played in LA last night and they won. Of course they won one 10 to 1 0 3. Why you look up when I say of course Because I was looking down. Oh Okay. They played against the Minnesota Timber Wol. So there was a moment where like the crowd got really, really excited because LeBron had already been playing.


Yep. But he got off and then he checked back in him and Brony checked in at the same time for four minutes remaining in the game. Let's take a listen to their reaction to that. You remember most Ready? Alright. You see the intensity, right? Just play carefree though. What about mistakes? Just blind play hard. So that's LeBron giving Brony some like advice before they get up off the bench and then when they get off the bench and they check in and the crowd goes crazy. I think for both of them it was just a huge memorable moment at like You. know what I mean? His father son. They're actually experiencing in real time. We didn't have that Audio. Yes, we do have that. Let's take a listen to the number one About tonight. Going up to that sports table with my dad checking in for the first time.


That's a a crazy moment I'll never forget. I mean, I'm just extremely grateful for everything. I was given an amazing opportunity to come in this league and and get better every day and learn every day. Just extremely grateful. Huge smile across your face. Why is this feat so special? It's family. It's always been family over everything. And You know for me I, I lost a lot of time because of this league and committing to this league, being on the road at times, missing a lot of his things. Bryce's things, Jerry's things. So to be able to have this moment where I'm working still And I can work alongside my son. It's one of the greatest gifts I've ever got from the man above. And I'm gonna take full advantage of it. That was beautiful. But not what you asked for.


No, that was what I was looking. That Was when two audio there. I thought it was when they walked in. When they checked in the game. No, I was like a fat, no, That was just a crowd chair. But I thought that that was beautiful. And I wanted to make sure we played that one because a lot of times when parents are, I mean your dad is LeBron, he does take a lot of time away from the family to be LeBron. But for it to come full circle like that, I was like man, that's such a good moment. But in the crowd it was a sold out game. Tons of people there. Ken Griffey Jr. And Ken Griffey s Senior actually came to witness history because they did the same thing back in 1990. In baseball? Yeah, in baseball. So they made it a point to be there in, there's photos of them before the game got started. Yeah. That's how everybody knew that Bronny Junior was gonna play. Yeah. 'cause they actually flew the, the father and son Ken gr to actually watch the game.


So they knew. So people were waiting for that. So they, they I think it was dope though. I think that was, that was great. And I think a lot of fathers out there feel the same way. Like they worked so hard for their family, they miss so much. So the fact that he's able to do that is amazing. Yep. And. I on both sides. Like everybody, there was a point in the game where LeBron threw the ball. LeBron and Bronny shot a three. He didn't make the three he missed. Yeah. But everybody wanted to make the shot just because it would've been like the shot passing by You. know what I mean? Pretty dope. I think everybody kind of felt it. And I know Brony was, they got a lot of flack because of like the whole nepotism or whatever. But I think last night showed why it was so special to the people that didn't get it to the people in the back that didn't understand. I'm All for nepotism and You know there's nothing you can do but salute that. I salute LeBron James for putting himself in a position of power to where he can put his son in that position.


And if, if you're a believer in God, if you're a believer in manifestation, do we not remember when LeBron said years ago he wanted to play with his son one day and it just seemed so far fetched back then. 'cause you had to think yourself. Well damn, would LeBron be around that long? Yep. With his sun. It was s farfetched. Y'all. I don't even like you. Y'all know I'm not like a sports girl. I mean I'm assists with the sports, but I'm A sports girl. But nobody plays over 20 years in basketball. Basketball. But LeBron is LeBron. It's still at the same level though. Exactly. We never thought LeBron would be still here 21 years later. That doesn't happen. That don't happen. I know. It doesn't happen any sports. I remember when he said it, I was like, oh that's definitely, it's LeBron. They're gonna grant his wish for sure. Like I just knew it. Yeah. But but would he be around that long to play at that caliber to see his son get there and would his son even be good enough to get that kind of look?


You know how many things had to align Yes. In order for that dream to come true. Yes. That's only God. Amen. Only God. Amen. Amen. Well dang. Yeah, I got it. Okay. So I always be feeling like we pressure time. So okay, remember we had talked about Cardi B and everything that was happening with her family. Someone Yes. The fan called CPS, whatever, whatever. So separately on that same live Sunday night, late Sunday night, she had talked about wanting peace with offset. And that piece was completely destroyed last night. Online. Let's take a listen to her talking about wanting peace. I don't wanna have beef with anybody that I, that I loved and like helped me a lot after like all the divorce things and everything happened. I want peace. And, I want friendship. I don't really You know sometimes when I be coming over here And, I be crashing out the first or the second.


The first and second day I be feeling good. Then after that I be feeling bad. I just want like a healthy co-parenting relationship and co-parenting means no, no flirting, no nothing. I just want that like peace. I want, I wanna be like my mom and my dad the day do not each other, but they always there for the, for me and my sister. Well I will say last night, that is not the display that we got online. And I Cardi did delete these tweets, but it was already too late. All of the websites and the blogs grabbed them. She tweeted, bro, I wish the worst on this man. I never hated somebody so much. And these women be so thirsty to have him. Please take this man off my hands. This garbage bag is too heavy. Someone said, he's a father of your children. Please stop. She said, yeah he is.


That's why I don't wish him death. But I truly hate this dirty narcissistic piece of, y'all know what, what came next after that. And his, she said that she also hate the fact that his family and friends never check him. And that's why he's always going to be a piece of, y'all know poop. Yep. Piece of poop person. And then fans were going as far as to say like he was the person that called CPS the like I guess disturb her piece. And she clarified that that is not true because CPS was called on both her and him. Correct. But yeah, she took the tweets down but it was already too late. So of course these are all over the headlines this morning. Yeah. So another crash out between them. I don't know. Not not my business, not my business. Even if they post on social media and try to make it our business, it's not my business.


And I pray that they figure out a healthy co-parenting relationship. Yeah. I just pray that they figure it out. Yeah. Regardless of what it is. I just pray that they figure it out. And I. I just, I pray that, I mean she deleted the tweets this time. Normally she don't even delete her tweets. So she's kind of I guess trying to align with the wanting the peace thing. I just want them to whatever happens. 'cause it's gonna be bumps in The World that you figure out co-parenting. Right? Especially you were being together or not. Just figure it out together and not with us. I just Figure it out for First. I normally don't mind being in the chat, but I I I wouldn't mind being taken outta this Description, not my business. Even if they try to make it my business. I'm not listening. Hope. Hey twin Lauren trying to set me up this morning. I feel it got something in the chain with, that's why she keep that she, she I just want peace like my Girl Cardi B It's want peace.


Okay. Okay. What? You and Taylor go. Y'all done cooked up something. I know it else. Alright. Okay y'all Cardi B one peace. I want peace. It's Wednesday. We almost to the end of the week. I say choose violence. He been coming at your neck. I Say chew, I think, I think you should be quiet. Think so? No, I think you, nope, I think you, no I'm not. Should be quiet. It's seven two. I think you it's I'm not, should be quiet. I'm Not. It's two after the hour. I think you should be quiet. We gotta go wrap it on up. Alright, well We come back. Morgan will be joining us. Of course. Front page news and then Damon Waynes Jr. So don't go anywhere as The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Nv, just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Last night was the start of the NBA season. The Lakers played the Timberwolves Day one, one ten one oh three. And the Celtics beat the Knicks last night. 1 32 1 0 9. Last night, LeBron and Bronny James made history as the first father and son to play together in the NBA. So congratulations to them. And I, just wanna say that 50 50 ball, that home run ball that the Dodgers I think offered him $300,000. He settled, he sold it for $4.4 million at auction. So congratulations to that gentleman. Alright, what's up Morgan? What's up is election day is officially 13 days away on Tuesday, November 5th.


And at the top of the front page news is making sure you exercise your right to vote. With that said, vice President Kamala Harris. She sat down for an interview with NBC News', Halle Jackson and she talked about the issue surrounding immigration, wo women's reproductive rights, healthcare and some more. And of course the economy. Let's hear from VP Harris on NBC news. My plans are focused on working people, the middle class and what we must do to strengthen hardworking people to be able to do what they dream and aspire to be able to do. His plans are about giving tax cuts, massive tax cuts to billionaires and big corporations. His so-called Plan for the Economy.


Economists have estimated will exasperate inflation and invite a recession by the middle of next year. So there's a huge difference between he And I. Meanwhile, Harris's running mate Tim Walls made a campaign stop in Wisconsin with former president Barack Obama. The Democratic vice presidential nominee encourage people to vote. And he also talked about how 2016 Trump is not the same as 2020 Trump and who is not the same as Trump today. And that another Trump term would be dangerous for America. Let's hear those comments from walls in Wisconsin. He is not the 2016 Donald Trump. This is a brand new version. Now look, he, he is as, as Kamala says, he's a very unserious person, but the consequences of putting him back in office are deadly serious.


He's talking about sending the military against people who don't support him. He's naming names. Look, I recognize I'm gonna be at the top of that list. You think he's stopping with me? He's talking about you. He's talking about using the United States military to go after people who disagree with his idiotic ideas, his unpatriotic ideas, his traitorous ideas. And he's talking about using the military. He talks about the enemy from within. I agree with Tim Walls a hundred percent. And everybody just acting like it's normal. I was about to say, you were just talking about this last hour of Charlemagne, like it's crazy. But also former president Barack Obama, he also spoke at the event and he listed the reasons why Tim Walls would make a great p, excuse me, would make a great vice president.


Let's hear from Obama in Wisconsin on walls. The kind of person who should be in politics. He's a veteran, he's a teacher, he's a coach, he's a hunter, been a great governor. Early in-person voting is underway in Wisconsin. And of course a number, number of other states. So you guys You know y'all go out there and y'all do y'all big one bringing things home to New York. The exonerated Central Park five. I know you guys touched on this story yesterday. Well, he of of course they are suing former President Donald Trump for defamation. The group's attorney Shane Spector says The lawsuit was filed in response to comments made by the former commander in chief during last month's presidential debate.


Let's hear more from Attorney Specter in regards to that case. They thought it was over, but obviously it wasn't. And now they've been defamed by Mr. Trump in front of the whole country. And what they want is they want a trial. What they have to do now all over again, all over again is clear their names. Mr. Trump has known for 20 years that these men were conclusively exonerated. Yet, yet he continues to perpetuate his false narrative. Yeah. So current New York City, Councilman Yusef Salam, who was a part of the Central Park five, he was at that debate. Trump claimed the group pleaded guilty when they were tried in connection to assault and rape of a woman running in Central Park in 1989.


The group did not plead guilty with the complaint saying Trump's statements are demonstrably false and that the men have suffered injuries because of his defamatory statements. Just absolutely terrible. We got time for one more or no? Well, I I, I hope the venture Walk five gets all they money You know what I'm saying? But I mean, the reality is Donald Trump don't care nothing about the law. Donald Trump's legal team don't care nothing about the law. They could give a damn You know. So good luck, You know, good luck. It is sad that you gotta kind of, you get your name cleared, you're exonerated, and then you gotta deal with it all over again. But let's continue to say her name, Breonna Taylor. 'cause she's not here to speak up for herself, defend herself.


Well, testimony will continue today in Kentucky, in a closely watched trial of Brett Hankinson, the trial of Brett Hankinson, the former Louisville officer who was involved in the botched raid on Breonna Taylor's apartment in 2020. Now, an officer who investigated the raid took the stand on Tuesday. He didn't fire the shot that killed Taylor, but prosecutors argue he fired blindly in into the apartment. Now Sergeant Jason Vance, he used statements by Hankinson in the previous federal trial to show that the former officer could not see what he was shooting at when he fired the shots during the raid. This is the third trial for Hankinson after a deadlocked jury and the last federal trial. And after he was previously acquitted on state charges, saw those wanton charges that Breonna Taylor's boyfriend was ch facing.


Maybe they should go to this guy here, but I'm not gonna get too much into that. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, make sure you're following at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit BN news.com. Alright, thank you. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Alright, when we come back, Damon Waynes Jr. Will be joining us. They have a, a new series on CBS. It's called Papa's House. All right, Mondays at 8:30 PM and we gonna talk to 'em next. So don't move, it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's odo o.com.


Moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough, or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, and liver blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Cybersecurity awareness month is wrapping up, but threats won't be going away anytime soon. That's why there's no better time to boost your defenses with Norton 360 1. Often overlooked aspect of cybersecurity is keeping your software updated. Outdated software can contain known security flaws that cyber criminals are eager to exploit. These vulnerabilities can lead to unauthorized access to your systems or the theft of sensitive information. That's where Norton 360 comes in. Norton 360 provides the comprehensive cyber safety protection you need to help stay safe. From today's sophisticated cyber threats. It offers a range of features designed to give you peace of mind and robust security. One of the features is the software updater. This tool keeps your computer programs up to date, helping to reduce security vulnerabilities that could be targeted by cyber criminals. With Norton 360, you can ensure your entire system is protected. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure. That's norton.com/secure.


What's up? It's me Don Toliver. If I could describe the olds ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earring candy. Check out bows.com for more.


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty. The famed skincare brand created by iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin. Meaningful beauty makes powerful and effective skincare simple. And it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRose is filling in and we got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. Ladies and Gentlemen, we have Damon Waynes Jr. Welcome. Thank you boss. Thank you man. Listen, I always wanna as a win, right? Are you born into the Illuminati? Are you have to earn your spot like everybody else. The Illuminati, You definitely don't get hazed. They definitely walk you right in. No, I don't know. I dunno about Illuminati. Yeah, no man. How you get there Had to earn my spot. You did. But I'm saying y'all like, y'all been successful for so long. Oh, so success means Illuminati You know that. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come on.


It takes it takes it. You know. Yeah, you kinda just walk in at this point. But You know I'm a conspiracy theorist, so Yeah, I don't really Illuminati. Yeah, I thought the conspiracy theories, the conspiracy theorist did like the whole Illuminati. Isn't that a conspiracy? What The Illuminati. The Illuminati is a conspiracy. Yeah, but but I don't attach myself to that. Oh, gotcha. What the fuck we talking, I thought you said I'm a conspiracy theorist. I'm like that. That's what y'all do. That Illuminati Talk You know I, I'll be on, I'll be on YouTube. I'll be looking at the videos. So What is the conspiracies about the Wayne's Brothers then? How? How has the Wayne's family been so successful for so long? I don't know if there's a conspiracy. I think it's just family working together. You know. I feel like that's what we all should be doing.


Absolutely. You know what I mean? Like I feel like black people learn best by example. And so you have a bunch of examples and you just copy 'em. Did you study every member of your family? Like did you watch everything Keenan was in? Did you watch everything your dad was in? Did you watch everything Marlin was in? Like I'm talking about since you was a child, like did, did you study everything that they did? I mean I, I watched the stuff that I like. Like there was ones I skipped. What? What did you skip? What you, what did you skip? Glimmer Man, I don't remember Glimmer Man. I don't remember the Glimmer man. My dad, my uncle Keenan did a movie with Steven Al Glimmer man, is that what it's called? The Glimmer? I don't Know. I don't remember that One. That me either Blake man.


No, no. I watched Blank Man. You was in it because I was in it. Yeah. You see Glimmer Man, I don't even know what he talking about. I'm pulled it down The glimmer man. It Glimmer. I don't remember this one. I definitely don't remember Glimmer Man. 1996. I missed that one. Yeah man. Yeah, I like a lot of people did. Yeah, I like the comedies. I You know. I like Don't Be Menace is one of my favorite classic love major Payne Classic. That's favorite was a movie with Jada Pinkett. Uncle Keenan. Oh Lord. Lord. On Nerd Shame. Nerd Shame. Yeah. So I love Those. Those are like my top Classics. Yeah. Yeah. And Blame man. 'cause I was in it, man. So who the everyday working class Williams? Everyday working class. Is there any Everyday working? We got a Bunch of working class wins. Okay. They, we got a big ass family. So there's like a lot of people that are just as funny to everybody, but they just don't feel like going through the Hollywood.


But do they just work, do they work on the set or do they have like, We have some that work on the set. You know we got I love it. Yeah. We got Uncle Sean's right on the show works on show's house. Yeah. Aunt Kim. She's a showrunner. Yeah. How You know. Oh yeah. 'cause I was gonna act like I knew live here. This guy, he, he Live here. You know my, I got, my daughter works on the set. She's a, a stand in for Essence Atkins character. Wow. And she be writing on the show too. She's great. That's it. Yeah. She's dope. Now we gotta talk about the pressures of of, of being a WANs. I mean, 'cause is It pressure Though? Pops uncle, family, cousins, like, yeah. Is there any pressure? No, I don't feel like, I don't feel like there's pressure. I mean, maybe in the beginning. In the beginning it was like, I used to have a, an alias when I went on stage.


Kyle Green. Really? Yeah. And no one guessed it. You looked, oh, pops. Hey, you look like the s family. You walk in your, It's like, like pop. No, like the middle of my punchlines back. You look just like your damn daddy. And so I had to change it just to Damon You know. But really I was just trying to get my bearings. You know I was trying to like get on stage and not be like, come on stage. Damon Wayne's son You know. So that's Why Have you never got something because you a Wayne, like they was like, ah, you part of the family now Maybe. I don't know. They don't You know. That's all that behind the scenes stuff. But You know they let you in. They'll let you in just because they wanna see you. You know. They'd be like, oh, dam Williams. When I first started. So I got into some, some rooms and shout out to my family for making it easier for me.


You know a lot of people they frown on the Nepo baby thing. But I, I think it's great. I think it's like You know. I don't see nothing wrong with it. I don't either. I mean, I feel like it's a business. This is a business just like any other business. If there is a You know a car manufacturer and then he passed it down to his son, stuff like that. It's just, that's what it is. I think what y'all done is phenomenal. I phenomenal. I was driving on the West side yesterday. And I saw a digital billboard for Papa's House and Oh, they got a billboard out there. Yep. And it was you and your pops. And. I was just like, man number one, the OG Damon WANs been getting it for a long, long, long, long. That man, Long time man. That man's a Killer. And it's nothing cooler than being able to do what you love to do with your son. Like everybody, we, we love what LeBron and Ronnie doing. Gotta give it up for y'all too. Yeah, Man. I mean I, I'm, I'm happy man.


I, we've had a really good time so far. We shot like 11 already and You know it finally came out. And I'm just hoping You know people keep watching and, and seeing. 'cause it gets funnier and funnier. You know the, the pilot is a good, it sets the stage, sets the characters, but we had a lot of suits. You know, they were like, kind of like making sure that we did what, what they wanted us to do. And then as time went on, they've let us spread our wings and now we get to just be ridiculous and funny and heartfelt and You know I love it. I love seeing my dad every damn day. Well what is Papa's house about? For people that don't know? Yeah. Yeah. So Papa's House is basically about a papa who's a popular morning radio dj.


And if you relate Yeah, a little bit. A little bit. And he is a, he lives alone. He's happily divorced. He basically lives his dream of solitude until his son, who is like an immature needy guy, moves in next door to him with his wife and his two kids and just kind of turns papa's life upside down. And that's basically the long and short of it. We were toying with the idea of calling it raising Damon. 'cause it, it's like You know, you think it's him raising me? But then it, you kind of see that Papa needs some raising too. You know it's a lot of old school versus new school views. I think it's really cool. My goal for the show is to bring back black comedies. Had I known that You know the nineties in the early two thousands, like we're never gonna be again.


You know. Like there were so many options. We had Fresh Prince of Bel Air Living, single Cosby Show, Cosby Show, Martin Different World. Martin Martin. We had so many options on so many different channels. And had I known that we were gonna have like nothing for like You know over a decade, I would've appreciated it more. You know Family Matters. Nobody Can explain to me why that went away because it's not like all, all those shows were super successful. So what happened in Hollywood that they just flipped the switch and said we don't want no more of this. Let's do reality television. I don't know. I feel like they always use black people to kind of build up the platforms and they just do away with them. You know you You know the Living Single Friends thing. The UPN Remember UPN? Absolutely. They used all them shows.


Jamie Fox Show too. The Waynes Brothers. That's A mo show In there too. Mo, come on now. So they had all these damn shows. Your Pop your pop show too. My wife and kids. My wife and kids. I didn't wanna say that 'cause which That was just, that was, that was Fly. I Don't wanna say it. I love my wife and kids, but like they had so we had so many shows. And I feel like now what we have. We have Abbott, we have the neighborhood. Is there anything else? Nah, You know. There was a, there was a resurgence, but a lot of 'em. Black Grown. Oh Yeah, Blackish was great. We got the The Shy. Yeah. Growing. Yeah. Insecure, right? Insecure stopped Atlanta Insecure was great. I'm talking about like now Sitcom now. Like they don't ever Yeah, like the sitcoms, like network tv.


I feel like it's You know it's far and few between And. I Just hope that You know. Maybe the show gets popular enough to be like, oh, let's bring more of those. Yeah. You know what I mean? I, I love it because I feel like people need to see black people enjoying themselves. Black people making each other laugh. Black people making The World laugh. All right. We got more with Damon Wayne's Jr. When we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club on the Rosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Damon Wayne's Jr. Lauren, How much of this show is just improv off the script? 'cause I know it's based on like, you guys were really about to move next door to each other or something at one point. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot of it's improv. You know, but we, we have a script, but we definitely do whatever we want because You know it's my dad's show and he'll just let people play.


And so we having fun You know I'm, I like, I like to improvise, but You know there's certain characters that like to just do the script and they're fine doing the script, but everybody's having fun. Are You good at taking notes? Are both are, are you and your dad good at taking notes? Me? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I take notes. I, I mean I take, I like constructive criticism. I'm, I mean my dad, that's how he raised me. You know, this dude is the most brutal critic of all time. I did, I did years ago I did Def Comedy Jam. And I got standing ovation. Like I was nervous as hell. I got standing ovation. I did really well. I get off stage, he comes up to me, he goes, anything you did son And, I go, I don't know, like eight, nine. He's like seven and a half and he just walks off Just like walk.


There was no context, No nothing. No notes. No notes. Just, You just got figured out. Do better You know how, how do you feel with your dad doing Stand Up and You know? He would talk about you guys and stand up and of course he talks about you You know masturbating all through the house at that time. Wait to ask that question. So how did that work? You Lit up. You lit up with that. Saw that. Yeah. Did Boys got, oh geez, louder. So how was that for you as a kid when, when your dad used to tell 'em stories? That one specifically was embarrassing. 'cause I remember one time I was about to hook up with this girl and she was like, wait a minute, are you the guy that does the thing with spaghetti And? I was just like, what? And then she plays me a clip of the freaking video of him just You know talking about me going spaghetti again.


I'll be right back. And You know I didn't get any that day. So yeah, it messed me up. Damn. Did you not get any, 'cause she wanted you to do the spaghetti trick right then and there and you was like, no. I'm like, you can do the spaghetti trick. Yeah. No, she just, she just wanted to laugh at me. She just laughed. She was very embarrassing. Damn. Yeah. Do you think you have an appreciation for history being that you're surrounded by it? I mean, you're making your own right, but you're always, you, I mean, your whole life, I'm sure Eddie Murphy or Senior Hall Robert Towns and these people were just there Like, So do you have a, his appreciation sport? Because if it was me, I couldn't shut the fuck up. I'd be asking a million questions. Yeah. All the Time. My, my dad kind of instilled in me not bothering famously.


Like I, I, I see them And I give them a respect. But I'm also like, You know you do your thing. I don't want to ask you the question that I know thousands of people ask you. Like, I see Eddie And, I just like I'm in awe, but I'm also not gonna like show him that I'm in awe You know. So I don't really bo I don't like bothering famous people. But we did used to have a lot of fun. You know We, my dad said that You know when, when I was a kid that Eddie used to invite him and his family on their little yacht parties. And my dad would have to go on there with his You know his wife and and me as a kid. I was like two years old, maybe three. And, and Eddie would be sitting there like, man, this is, this is nice man. Like looking at my family like see this is what I want. I want this. I'm gonna go.


And like, he'd leave and my dad would just be on the boat by himself with his family. And there'd be like a bunch of girls there and stuff like that. A bunch of celebrities. And it was really cool. You know. And I remember one time, well my dad told me this, Emmanuel Lewis You know Emmanuel Lewis? Yes. Man. So Webster Web Lewis, He was You know Emmanuel Lewis? Yeah. So he was on the boat right one time. And, and he was like dressed fly. He had a suit on, had a watch and he said Had a watch. He a little dude And I as a baby was confused. 'cause I'm like, you thought he Was a big baby? I thought He was a big baby. I'm like, why he how You know all 'em big words. Why, how you, who gave you a watch? You know?


I'm like following him around the whole, oh my God, the whole yacht. Trying to You know, see what's up with him. You know, just like eyeing out. Like I another kid on the boat. Who gave you them shoes? You know where your diaper at? How old was you? You remember I was two? No, he just told me my, my, my dad told me I was walking around following him everywhere. He was like, come on man. Go. He was like trying to shoot me away, Man. That is fun man. Like come on man. It's nap time. So what is the, you guys always keep Essence Atkins booked. I know she's in Papa's house. She plays Dr. Ivy Green. What's, what's the chemistry with her in the Wayans family? Like, can you talk a bit about that and the decision to bring her on this show? Right. Well first of all, essence Atkins keeps herself booked.


Like that woman is a phenomenal comedic actress, phenomenal actress period. But she's also like really funny. And initially my dad didn't want her to be on the show. 'cause uncle mom was like, yo, you gotta put it on You know she's really funny. I don't know what you're doing. You know. And my dad was like, kind of You know like, no, he was on, she was on your show. I don't want to have that on my show. Like, leave it alone. And then finally he You know, he was like, come in and read. And she went in and like from the moment she walked in the door, she was killing us. Like just so funny. Like before she even said a word of the audition, she came in, killed it, killed it left. And she was the first person up too. So, mm.


Everybody else, like, she just sucked all the energy out the room and there was just like no one was gonna do or top that. Mm. So You know. So Essence keeps herself booked. Like she's just phenomenal. Now You also see the change of comedy, right? 'cause you've seen everything your family has done right From Blank Man to Living Color. You think comedy can go back there without people getting insulted about getting offended, taking things personal? I Mean, I don't think so. I mean, I feel like because Y'all do Blank Man Too, the show Kind of, We could Blank Man, but it is Blank Man Offensive though. I feel like, I feel like Blank Man was like pretty chill. I Don't remember. I have to go back and watch it again. Because what I, because what, what we didn't think was offensive. Now when you back to be like, dang, oh yeah, that would piss everybody off.


Now You know what I mean? For, but I miss those shows. I missed it on color shows and those shows that Push the Line and Push the Edge. You know, I, I blame Judd Aow Down, I'm here for it. Bring you down. I'm all here. I'm always down to blame the white man for something. So And I, I mean this is a conspiracy theory, but I don't think he did it intentionally. But I feel like it started with Super Bad. Like Super Bad came out classic, super funny. And then I feel like after that it was just no more black stuff, no more black movies. Like, it was just like You know. They were like, we got it from here. And then they did all their You know. They, it was like Jewish comedies, like starring Jewish people. Jewish young guys, which were really funny. Like I love 40-year-old version.


I love Bridesmaids, I love Super Bad, but I feel like it like just went that way. And then there was no more black comedies. Like they don't make 'em anymore. Have you noticed that? I Wonder if it's because because I think about what you're saying all the time. 'cause I love the tone of all those movies you just named. Yeah, I I even put Get 'em to the Greek in that. Yeah. I wonder if it's because Hangover, they're willing to take more risk. Yeah, well They have the Like, like there's a lot of things that they do in their comedy that I feel like some black people wouldn't necessarily Do. Don't they have the room to it Though, right? Disagree. I say I'm, I'm saying the opportunity's not there. I'm sure You know there's like a bunch of black comedies being written. They're just not being shocked. They're not being given to black comedians. Yeah, But I think he's asking would like some of our big name Black comedians, would they take those roles that are gonna push those boundaries?


Because it could offend, but what boundaries, I mean people are offended by everything nowadays. So it depends on who you talking about and what you're talking about. Well, it's a lot of like, back in the day when you look at it living color and all of that stuff like that, they weren't afraid to pretend to be gay. They weren't afraid to, they wore dresses. I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm not saying you got a wear to dress, but they weren't afraid to push the limits. Right. There's things that I feel like there's black people wouldn't do Now you just get critiqued for everything. But I think if it's funny enough, they'll let you do it. Like we let Robert Downey Jr. Get away with blackface 'cause it was funny. Right? And but I don't think he could do that now. I don't feel like, I don't feel like anything is, I don't even know Super bad could get away with being super bad now. Maybe super bad, but like 40-year-old version. I'm not sure. Yeah, right. Like these not even nerds.


Not even Nerds. Which is crazy. Nerve is rapey though now, now when you can arrange. I haven't, I haven't, I haven't watched you Go back and look. They be like as it's rapy by the way. It's not even just comedy though. I think about back in the day, like why was Q in high school, the nurse in Juice? They didn't even give us an explanation. Like there was no reason for like why I haven't think about that. Why was she just, why I was just nervous to the high school. I bet you, I bet you there was like a storyline that they just didn't have time to explore. They probably had to cut it You. know what I mean? All right. We got more with Damon Waynes Jr. When we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's D Envy. Jess Aria, Charlamagne guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Damon Wayne's Jr.


Lauren, Are you guys going to like, 'cause I don't, I feel like too, it's a lot of the, like the networks know that people will be offended so they try to stay away even if they wanna try it. Right? But in Papa's house, like you guys have Essence Atkins, who's kind of coming in and your dad is like the old school person who he's like aware of the boundaries, but he doesn't really care. And she's like, you're gonna have to care. Are y'all gonna kind of play around with that a little bit more and take those risks? Or is the network like we can be cute with it, but like No, because your dad be willing to go all the way there. I love It. Oh, he goes there all the time. Didn't he get in trouble on your, on your show? Yep. Like years ago. I watched that last night. Don Remember I watched it last night. People things, you resurfacing things for no reason. Well, they put my picture during that whole controversy.


I remember just my picture, I do remember it was bastard everywhere. I was like, come on, come on Now. I was like, he didn't say it, but guess, guess what? Gotta pay for the sins of his father. Jesus Christ. That was crazy. What we what Y'all, y'all y'all gonna, y'all gonna push those boundaries on the show? Yes, we Are. We, we have And I think that You know once the suits the CBS saw that we know what we're doing. They kind of like, let us play You know. I mean like, and you'll see e each episode gets funnier and funnier and funnier and You know and the characters are get more and more well-rounded. We deal with like real issues too, which is kind of weird to have like serious scenes and stuff like that.


But we, we do that too, which just makes the comedy funnier. And I I love what we're doing right now, man. It's, it's very unique, especially on CBS. Like we're definitely making CBS uncomfortable with the choices we're making, which I think is great. We're pushing the envelope. It's like we got, we we're competing against streaming now, competing against network shows that go for it. So it's like there's no time to really just play it safe. Are you ever afraid to work with your pops? Because You know that he just like sabotaged his SNL situation and just walked purposely did things to get fired. Do you ever think that he might do that again? I, I don't, I think he's more patient now. I think he just wants to make a good show and spend time with his family doing it.


Like I feel like this is like what he likes doing. And so I don't think he's gonna jeopardize that. Yeah, I mean that You know, maybe 10 years ago maybe, but like now I feel like he's just like chill and, and just having fun. Like we just be laughing the whole day. It's just, I love it. And, and when You know you talk about You know Sean writing on the show and You know your Aunt Kim being a show runner. Do y'all even look outside of the family? Yeah, No, we have a lot of people that are from our, our outside of the family too. Okay. Like there's like 12, 13 writers on the Show. But you said they know you guys though, right? Like they're like Family friends. Yeah, we friends all know they're family friends. Like the show runner. We, he, the show runner wrote major Pain with my dad. He wrote on my wife and kids with my dad.


So Do strangers get A chance? Strangers get a chance too. Yeah. We got some strangers in there. That Sounds so Crazy. We got some strangers. Love it though man. Y'all are doing it the way black people should do it. Absolutely. I agree. And I think that You know and, and we're not bringing in stragglers. Like we're bringing in people that contribute to the project. They're not just being like, they're not just there 'cause their name is Weigh-ins. They're actually like contributing and being really good. Keenan Juniors in the writer's room, which is, he's so damn funny. My brother Michael in the writer's room. It's just, it's just great man. This is the closest thing I've come to being on a show that I have control of. Like, I always kind of envy my family because like the first generation, because they got to come in as themselves.


Like, this is who we are within living color. Like this is who we are. Take it or leave it. Right. This is funny to us. Like I've been an actor for hire my entire career, so I've been funny in spots. But you can only be as funny as they allow you to be. And so I love that. This is kind of like the next best thing. You know. Right? It's still my dad's baby, but I get to contribute a lot and he's very collaborative, so Yeah. When did you feel like you started to make your own name for yourself? Like when people started saying, oh that's, that's not Damon Wayne's son. That's actually Damon Wayne's unit. I Feel like when I had the happy ending show and then I booked the Nero show at the same time. Right. And so there was like a whole uproar about that And I thought that was pretty cool.


'cause Happy Endings was my first, the first show I ever auditioned for. And then Negro was the second show I ever auditioned for. So I, I felt like I was like, oh, I got, there's something. And and then after that I just felt like I can do my own thing. Are you gonna be part of the tour that they're doing? They're Doing a tour. Yeah. They're not about the comedy tour. No. Together they don't be telling me nothing. I'm I'm second generation. They Nah, they barely told us. We just thought knew was gonna drop. It Was slip. I saw that clip, I think. Yeah, I saw that clip. You're so well composed. Kept. No, what I was gonna say is, I think it's something else. I don't think it's a tour. I think it's something lemon Color Reboot is, I can't say but what I think it is, but if it is what I think it is is gonna be fire.


We know that. But like we, it just has to Have to turn on, has to immortalize the wings. I think like the wings need a 30 for 30 or stuff like You know what I'm saying? Like, oh, That would be dope. Like, but do they do that for I Don't, I've never seen them do that. I could First, yeah. I mean that would be dope. But no, I it's gonna be, it's a, it's either like, it's like something on TV or film I think. What's it called that? I don't know. I can't say. You Might Have said too much as soon as it dropped, he gonna be the host and we gonna be like, he was in here. Like he didn't know nothing, But I gave more than he did. Right. You did. But this is your time to shine. Just matter what they did to you last time you was, you wasn't even here and they put your picture on things. You, You strong man. You Should have blow it up right now. No, I can't say because I don't, I don't know if it's true.


'cause if I say something and it's wrong True, then I'm gonna look like an idiot. I Get it. So They be, they they, they don't even tell me that much. I hear like whispers. My family's just gossiping ass family man. Well salute to you for continuing to carry the torch the right way. Thank you man. And salute to y'all, man. Because like, I came here, I forgot how many, how many years ago? At least Over a decade I Think. Yeah. Yeah. And then to see what you guys became is just phenomenal, man. Appreciate you brother. Yeah. Papa's house Monday's eight 30 on CBS. Make sure you check it out. You can stream it on Paramount Plus as well. And we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Thank you man. Appreciate it. Damon Wan Jr. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let du harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@od.com. That's o doo.com.


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Cybersecurity awareness month is wrapping up, but threats won't be going away anytime soon. That's why there's no better time to boost your defenses with Norton 360 1. Often overlooked aspect of cybersecurity is keeping your software updated. Outdated software can contain known security flaws that cyber criminals are eager to exploit. These vulnerabilities can lead to unauthorized access to your systems or the theft of sensitive information. That's where Norton 360 comes in. Norton 360 provides the comprehensive cyber safety protection you need to help stay safe from today's sophisticated cyber threats. It offers a range of features designed to give you peace of mind and robust security. One of the features is the software updater. This tool keeps your computer programs up to date, helping to reduce security vulnerabilities that could be targeted by cyber criminals. With Norton 360, you can ensure your entire system is protected. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure. That's norton.com/secure.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open Air words or stylish. The color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for more.


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty, the famed skincare brand created by iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin. Meaningful beauty makes powerful and effective skincare simple. And it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


The envy just hilarious Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren. La Rosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. Don she don't nobody On The, Breakfast, Club the And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So Eminem, who has been a long time supporter of the VP Kamala Harris, introduced Obama last night at a rally in support of the Harris Walls campaign in Michigan. Let's take a listen to Eminem Detroit.


What Up though? So look, as most of You know the city of Detroit and the whole state of Michigan mean a lot to me. And going into this election, the spotlight is on us more than ever. And I think it's important to use your voice. So I'm encouraging everybody to get out and vote, please. I also think that people shouldn't be afraid to express their opinions. And, I don't think anyone wants in America where people are worried about retribution of what people will do if you make your opinion known. I think Vice President Harris supports a future for this country where these freedoms and many others will be protected and upheld. And so then after this, Obama comes on and Obama does his part of doing his speech.


Let's take a listen to how he opens his speech. You know, I I have done a lot of rallies, so I don't usually get nervous, but I was feeling some kinda way following Eminem. Now I noticed my palms are sweaty knees, weak arms are heavy. Vomit on my sweater already. Mom. Spaghetti. I'm nervous, but I'm a surface as a calm and ready to drop bombs. But I keep bomb. Forget Baby Obama walked away from that stage like a pastor in a church on a Sunday. Okay? So you Need to go ahead and do standup.


That's what's true. Calling. That's what he really want to do. He's Very charming on the podium You. know what I'm saying? He doesn't very charming. He done been president of the United States of America. Now he just wants to move the crowd. He wants to command crowds. Do you feel like the, because I mean of course it's Obama, so you're gonna listen. And, and during his speech, I, I listened to the the full speech. During the speech he talked about just a lot like the auto industry making. He, everything he was doing was trying to make You know Kim, Kim, Tim Walls and Kamala relatable to the everyday person in Michigan and You know they're gonna fight for the everyday people there. But do you guys feel like, 'cause Michigan is very important right now and it's very close there. They Spending a lot of time in Michigan, huh? Huh? Y'all feel like this, this broke through. Like this is doing what it needs to do. I have no idea. I'm not from Michigan, but I will say when I was in Detroit last week when I interviewed the Vice President, You know, just talking to a lot of people in Detroit, a lot of brothers, brothers and sisters in Detroit.


I love Detroit by the way. Dropping a coupon from Detroit. This is a bunch of beautiful working class black people. They are, they were very upset over Donald Trump. Trump's comments about Detroit when he said that if the vice president becomes President America will be like Detroit. They were very upset about that. Yeah, I love Detroit. That that, that definitely energized them. Obama gave Trump a lot of shots throughout. He definitely Did. And he talked about building back up Detroit when You know they shut a lot of the call plans down and he was making sure that he went there to make sure those call plans were opened back up and that people had jobs. So yeah, he talked about what he did for when he was president for Detroit. One of President Obama's most effective messages that keeps getting lost. You know, because of all of the comments about black men not supporting the VP because she's a woman.


But also he said, I think it was in, in, in one of those speeches in Pennsylvania, he said, we're not gonna prevent every bad thing from happening in this country. Whoever we elect president. That's not how things work. The question is, do we have somebody there who sees us, who cares about us, who will work on our behalf and can make things a little bit better? And he spoke about how he couldn't get everything done that he wanted to do. Right. As as as president, right? Yeah. And he was like, yo, we're not gonna eliminate poverty. We're not going to You know eliminate racism, but You know we can just make things a little bit better. I just think that's our honest message. I think that he would speak more that way. That's real. Absolutely. Because absolutely people, the first thing people say is, black people love Obama, but what did he do for us? Or what did he, y'all don't know the things he didn't do for us. And it's like he couldn't do everything. Well you got Affordable Healthcare.


No. I mean that's a huge thing. Exactly. But I think people wanna focus on what didn't happen and what they felt like should have happened when it's like he can't do everything. When you go to work every day, you gotta do this. People also follow headline. That's also What though, what talk he ran on Hope and Change. So when you run on hope and change and make it seem like you the person that's gonna just change the whole everything condition of America. You set the bar really, really, really, really, really, really high. And then will let people down. He changed A lot though, buddy. He did change a lot. But also he didn't have to set that bar really high. It was already set there. 'cause he was the first black like You. know what I mean? He was, he had that bar put for him. Yeah. But he also ran on Hope and Change. Hop up and do some Chin-ups. You Giving people Pullups. If you're being a Hope dealer and you're offering people change Pullups Envy.


What's this? Pullups You know envy. Don't know. You seen his arms? Oh my goodness. You know envy. Don't ask Logan, ask the man in the house. Ask Big Logan try with the Includes Bump for big Logan Canon. For those of you guys, I mean you do know. 'cause they're Shout to Little Logie. She's little Daddy. Shout to little, Little daddy. Little daddy and Big Logie. All right Diddy, Shout to Little Logie Lil Daddy. All right, relax. Shout to Lil Logan. Ain't nothing little about Log. I'm gonna have Logan come up here and push you around. You need To push you around. You know you don't one need to work. I don't need To work. When is Logan's next break? He don't, he don't get a break. Oh, well, I mean, anytime he wants to come, I think You know. I'll be here to see what that would That sounds Disgusting. Put her in handcuffs.


No one else thought that but you. But anyway, speaking of Diddy Scott's crazy. Busta Rhymes was, was speaking to Extra, he was out at the New York premiere for Venom. The Last Dance and Extra had asked him a few questions. He was talking about his health, his relationships with some different people in the industry and people he works with. But then they also talked to him about Diddy and here's what he had to say. I also would like for everyone to be mindful of the thirst and the urgency and the need to speak on the situation. I think a lot of times people don't realize how insensitive it could be to have opinions on things that you have no understanding of outside of what you're being told. I think that we confuse ourselves prematurely past judgment.


And we are not realizing how much we can directly and indirectly affect everyone involved with our unwarranted opinions. So with that being said, I'm gonna reserve my opinions and I'm gonna wish the best for everyone involved. Everybody probably need to mind their damn business until the truth is undisputed. That's a great way of thinking. But that's not what is happening or going to happen. Oh yeah, I Listened to that whole clip. And I thought what Busta said was true. I thought it was very thoughtful. But Busta just forgot one thing. What he's speaking from the perspective of somebody who doesn't have a podcast, who doesn't have a radio show, who doesn't have a YouTube page, who doesn't have a a, a a a, a social media. You gotta get these takes off A social media, Unc, a social media.


A social media people at just leaving comments like get people, people gotta get these jokes off. Gotta get takes off. People gotta get these jokes off. Well What, what's, what's content for the day Bus? What else we calling you? But he's absolutely positively. Right? But at the end of the day, people want to get those jokes Off. Well y'all talking about getting this content off Quincy. So yesterday, Quincy and the family, Quincy is Diddy's son along with all his other brothers and sisters. Really statement saying, You know, like, we are gonna stand behind our father and just kind of relax a bit like there's been a frenzy on social media and it's unfair. So now Quincy is dropping a new show. The show is called Just a Vlog. So it'll be a series of online vlogs and it'll drop. It premieres on October 27th. It now this will show behind the scenes of the Combs family.


So it'll show their life through their lens from family vacations, family highs, family lows. People were quick to point out that Diddy was in the promo for The family vacation part. Yep. I seen that. Yes. Was in the promo. Now when I saw this, I'm like, I mean, I understand right now the, everyone's looking at them and trying to create their own story about Diddy and his family. I don't know if I would wanna do anything that could, people could pick apart even more and just add to like the, the, the craziness that's already online if I was Quincy and the rest of his family. But it's your their choice. But I just don't know if I would've done that. Well, I'm sure if I Well I'm, I would hope that it would go past the lawyers first to see if there's anything that would be incriminating. But also I think it it right now, I think everybody looks at that.


Everybody as a monster. And, I. Think it makes it more look more human just to see what they're dealing with. They, they, Well, I understand what they're trying to do. I just hope none of it backfires in any way. True. But You know what I mean? What he Doing, what everybody else doing. Quincy. Like y'all getting all these likes, all these views, all these retweets, all these posts off my family. Let me, now's the perfect time to drop the content. It Was me. You better lay low. Not doing it. Not doing it. This is 2024. Y'all. I yeah. Y'all making sense? But no, I feel I'm Yeah, you're right. You right. And I'm gonna tune in. I will. Exactly. And you gonna leave a comment and you gonna talk about it. I, You You know. I whoop. See, we're gonna talk about it. Fuck. If I'm interested, You'll be interested. I'm gonna be interested 'cause it's out there and I'm gonna listen to people talk about Exactly. If it ain't interesting, Y'all be acting so cool.


Y'all gonna talk about it because we have to. It's our jobs. But also it'll be major because of everything that's happening. Quincy is very smart about that. But it still has to be interesting is what I'm saying. It will be. So yes. He'll put it out and there'll be eyeballs on it. Yeah. But if it has to be interesting, it might not be nothing interesting on it. I think it will be. We'll, we'll You know. We'll have to wait till the 27th to see it will be back with that when that happens. Alright, Well that was just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. Now Charlamagne, who you giving your donkey To before, after the hour? There is a statue of limitations on being a swifty. Your big ass grown ass people. We'll discuss It. Oh, they're gonna be upset about that. Well, good. That's what I like. Friendship Grace League. Oh God, It's The, Breakfast Club. Come on Your chicken out. The Breakfast Club. You in America. Everyth guy Bronx from it's Don.


The we in the Bronx. The craziest people in America come from The Bronx and all the, he laughed. Why does the Sunshine State consistently produced such strange news? If I catch all as in traffic, I whisper my y'all. It's just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Oh man, Listen, there is a statue of limitations on being a swifty. Y'all donkey today for Wednesday, October 23rd goes to Ivan Mariotti. He is 40, 44 years old of Kiska, Florida.


What does your uncle Sharla always tell you about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception. See, Ivan was identified by police as an Uber driver. Okay. He identifies as an Uber driver because he actually is, well he's a driver and he was hired by an auntie to drive two women around. I'm assuming since these two women are saying their aunt hired him, they must be the nieces. But he was hired to drive them to a concert. What his big grown ass man at his big grown ass age must have gotten excited about this concert. He was driving these two young ladies to. So he devised a plan, a scheme to get all up in the mix. Let's go to A B, C Local 10 for the report please.


Only in Florida do we have a story like this where a guy has a badge and the cops say, wait a minute, something's wrong here. And they ask him for a ticket. He says, I don't have a ticket. We'll have all the details now and you'll find out why he landed in the slammer. It was the place to be over the weekend. The Taylor Swift Show at Hard Rock Stadium. But it wasn't an enchanted evening for this guy, Ivan Mariotti. Apparently he got into the show, but he can't shake off the charges. He's got an immigration hold. This is a falsely impersonating an officer interference with a support entertainment event.


Cops say he was impersonating an officer according to the arrest form a Miami-Dade officer swiftly spotted the guy with a badge. The defendant stated that he was hired by four women to work as a security guard. And he escorted, said women onto their property. Mr. Mariotti was asked if he had a ticket to the event. To which he replied no. He further advised that he's working security and that is how he was able to get in, Impersonating a police officer to see Taylor Swift. Ivan you too big to be a swifty. He's 44 years old. The only person over the age of 25 who should be as swifty as Travis Kelsey. That's just my opinion. You don't like it. Fight me. Okay? We used to be a country. All right people, every day I get on this radio, And, I tell you stories about individuals who take penitentiary chances for a lot of different reasons.


Most of the time they revolve around money. Okay? Folks are always down to do something strange for a little bit of change. Whether it's robbing, stealing, drug dealing, they going to get that money by any means. And they not tripping off the consequences. But I have never, ever, ever, ever thought that I would see somebody be willing to go to jail to see Taylor Swift. Especially a 44-year-old grown ass human. You impersonated a police officer at 44 years old. Now I read once that almost half 48% of Taylor Swift's fan base was millennials, which are people between the ages of 27 and 42. Even if it's that, even if that's true, Ivan, you're 44. Okay? You telling me you like shaking off that much? You telling me Cruz Summer, you belong with me?


It's worth standing in front of a judge for no Ivan, no and You know what gets me You. know what really gets me about people. The fact they don't think they look suspicious. You thought you could just go into the Hard Rock stadium where the Dolphins play while the biggest music superstar on the planet was playing with no ticket and you thought everything would be okay. Okay? Even the people you were driving said they did not know why their driver had a badge. So there was bad blood between you and your clients from the start. You thought just throwing on a suit and wearing some fake badge over your neck was enough for you to remain incognito in a Taylor Swift concert. Then you had the nerve to be near the floor field area of the venue.


Ivan, they knew you was trouble when you walked in, but apparently anti-hero is worth catching a charge over. Now as of this Monday afternoon, Ivan remains in custody with a $1,500 bond and an immigration hold. You not even from here and you cutting up like this. Look here you 44-year-old senior Swifty, I bet you at this moment you are wishing you could find a way to begin again and turn things around. I bet this is the reputation you don't want, but apparently anti-hero is worth catching a charge over. I say it's not. But since you clearly You know clearly love Taylor Swift, I need you to do me a favor, Ivan. If you have any doubt of what the root cause of your issues are, find the nearest mirror in the Turner Gopher Night Correctional Center where you currently reside.


Look in it and say it's me. Hi. I'm the problem. It's me because you are indeed the problem. Please give Ivan Mariotti the sweet sound to the Hamiltons. Oh, Now you, the day you the dog of the day. What's the statue? How old, like is too old to be 50? I think over 25 Flavor FLA is 65. Okay. Statue of Limitation has been up on him being a swifty. He has a friendship bracelets and stuff.


Really? He goes to the concerts. All of them. Most most of them. A lot of them. Okay. I guess you taking your grandkids or something? No, he goes, he, they're by just enjoying. He just goes to go enjoying the show. Gotta monitor him. Gotta monitor him when they, while he is there. Why? Just got, just gotta monitor him. Older people go to Taylor Swift concerts. Well gotta monitor 'em all. So you don't think older people can like Taylor Swift by the way, you can like Taylor Swift. He's Swift four, but I'm not catching no charge over Taylor Swift. I'm not, I impersonating a police officer. Okay. To go see no damn Taylor Swift. If you wanna pay for that with any artist, if you wanna pay for your Taylor Swift ticket. No, there's, there's artists that are worth doing that. Like who? You just wanna say like who You should. I think you could do that for Stevie Wonder.


Stevie Wonder's up there in age, but he's a living, he's a icon. A icon living. What? What? Nothing. I just wanna say she took over the NFL now she's taking over your donie today. Mm. You hated to give her any, when I first brought that up, that whole Taylor the Swift thing in this room, you hated to give her. Okay, let's talk about this. You Lauren. I wasn't gonna say anything. I didn't bring it up. I just think I just Now see y'all think I be starting with Lauren now I gotta bring it up. It wasn't that Lauren. Shake it out. It's not that. Lauren shake Charlotte shake it off. Swifty c Shake. It was that Lauren had jungle fever. Lauren had white lust in her eyes. Lauren was letting Dr. Umma down.


'cause he, she loved Travis Kel. She did. She was just talking about how Travis Kelsey was white chocolate and she used to love, she had her screensaver with Travis. Travis with Tim on, with Tim's on. Yes she did. Now Envy. You gonna lie now you Gonna lie. She switched it up. No, that's not true. She Been up here a few months. Think she gonna run into Dr. Humar at any minute? No. No. Over there in the corner staring at her. Switched up. She Switched it up. Who was the other white gentleman that came here that she was alone? Col Col Kaplan. I'm gonna wait until y'all done another white Box With y'all. Done White man With a bed is Lauren's kryptonite. You And I am totally against this trade. All two of y'all, y'all done White man with a be and some tennis. I Just, I just drive Lauren, I just wanted to make the point that You know 805 8 5 1 0 5 B, you might be Coming on over, baby.


Are You a black woman that are into white men as well? Call up, right? Disgust. 805. 8 5 5. Are you a black woman that are into white When I start taking calls about sleeveless shirts, you going be mad up Here? You gonna be mad up here? Are you a Dominican who just likes to get a little freaky? Are you a Dominican? Who thinks there's nothing wrong with being a little freak head? You wanna be a swifty so bad And, I the rock over here Because the Rock should have called me a pebble. See the jokes wrong. You shoulda said the pebble. I'm trying to give you one. First of all, the joke is that she called you the rock. We all know you're not the rock baby. That's the joke.


We know you're not more a chestnut. That's a lie. That see Deliveries now you just ain't trying to get into heaven. He's now, now Wouldn't be upset if you decided to go and test out the waters at a Swifty concert and see how it is. It seems like you're interested. All I'm saying is what that Gotta to do with you liking white men. You're Very interested. All right guys, Shout out to all the white guys I have. If that's what she into is she want to be an interracial relationship. I all, I support it. All Right guys. All right, let's, Let's, I don't want nothing you support, let's, Let's, let's start this over. I Sentence you to 500 lashes for conduct. Unbecoming a black guy. That's right. Not for nothing. The phone lines lit up when I said if they're black women, that ain't white woman. But we not gonna do that. White woman. White men. Well, the Pickens are getting slim for Lauren. Okay, so let's open the slim. Maybe her blessing.


Maybe her blessing. My Blessing would never get a dry sentence. But em Do not My No. Listen man. Maybe your blessing is in the caucus mountains. I don't know. No. Let's, let's, Let's, let's stop guys. Let's 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Over the weekend when we were at Gho, which is North Carolina A T's homecoming. No, ain't the white man was there. Nah, Definitely not. There was some gentlemen there that seen Lauren LaRosa and one of our producers up here, SIM Sim and called them aunties. No, called sim Auntie. Not me. Let us be very clear. I have not crossed over to Auntie yet. So ladies, the question is, I am an aunt of my niece, but I am not an auntie. When Did you realize that you were an auntie or an unc?


805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. Sim Was here today because this story is so funny because the dude tripped and fell into her poop and that's when he was like, yo, he was like, yo, I'm sorry auntie, but she not here today so she can't even talk About it. When did you realize you were an auntie or an uncle? Lauren realized that this weekend. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss. Lauren Ain't realize nothing. You wasn't with Her. I was there, but it had nothing to do with me. Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast. Club, Man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast.


Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for just now we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Over the weekend, we were at North Carolina a and t, homecoming South. Salute to all the HBCUs. We were at Gho and while we were there, one of our producers, SIM and Lauren, they went together. They were walking down the street waiting for their Uber. And a gentleman stopped him and was like, Hey auntie, did you feed her? That's not what happened. You were headed to the bathroom? Not, yeah, some, didn't the guy run into sim? Didn't the guy accidentally run into Him? So we were headed to the bathroom and there was a ton of, 'cause we were on campus at the tailgate. So people everywhere just running crazy. And we were headed to the bathroom and I think he did like bumpers, something like that.


He was like, oh my bad auntie. And like You know, just trying to be polite. And Sim was like, what? And the guy that, because there was somebody escorting us to the bathroom to show us where it was at. And he was like, nah, nah, nah, I don't think he meant it like that. I think You know. It's just like, no, he Meant it like that Respect, like You know. Nah, nah, no, he meant like that. But like mind you, Simmons, only what, 20 old sim is 29 Being called auntie. That's crazy. Prematurely is very traumatizing. So How did you Feel? I wasn't called auntie, but in the moment I You give the, you give full auntie though, do I? Oh my god. Drunk, rich auntie. I mean, just dressed to the nine. Drinking hands did drink stumbling. S Slurring. Stumbling.


Slurring is crazy. That's, But That's stumbling no no's. It's not, no it's not. Don't throw that on me. Okay. But no, I did, I was not called auntie, but in the moment I did feel like, man, we need to go home. We in the wrong part of Gho. They calling us auntie or her auntie. You seem have her glasses on. Yeah, them big ass, thick ass glasses. Definitely give grandma. She can't see without 'em. She can't see my glasses. Glasses you can't see without her glasses. What did you supposed to do? Them Glasses Definitely give on. But do y'all Remember when y'all were first ever called UNC or og? Because it really hit my heart. And, I didn't even get caught. And. I'm like, wait, we not there yet? I, I like calling myself unc. I might've called myself that before anybody called me unc.


Why? Because I'm a unc. Oh, you Just, I'm 46. No, before, but like when would like the first time somebody, when Do you cross? That's a good question. That's a, that's my point is I never saw someone cross over into Auntie world in real time. I, I thought 40 and up. 40 and up to me is when you unc auntie status, if you, if you carrying yourself like that, you should be, you should start carrying yourself like that. After 40, A lot of these people are still out here, immature, still sagging their pants looking ridiculous You. know what I'm saying? But if you carrying yourself like a UNC or Auntie after 40 and up to me. What About you og? Now You know what's funny. A lot of the DJs, when I DJ with them, they lay your og Can I get, can I get you some of your OG thing? You can take a picture. It feels a little weird. Does it? It feels a little weird because when it comes to music, I, I still feel like I'm competing.


Og can I get you something? Yeah. My cholesterol medicine please. It's in my bag. In my bag right there. Please, Please. My cholesterol medicine. Okay, you got that Statin? I'm taking statin. I take statin once a day, baby. 40 40, 40. Whatever it is. Did it Hit you so the first time though? Where you like, whoa, relax? Yes. Yep. Absolutely. It definitely is a Thing. Yeah. Yeah. When it is OG I got caught in the Auntie Crossfire. And. I felt a way like I, it don't bother me at all. 'cause there's only, I haven't been called The, hasn't been there yet. We're young. The UNC hasn't been there yet. The OG all the time. But the UNC hasn't been there yet. There's only one alternative to not being called UNC to not being called OG to not being called Auntie. And that's deaf. Damn. So give it, I want it all very morbid. I'm just telling you I want, I want, I wanna live to be 101.


I want to be here. But your kids would make you feel oldest. My kids call me old like my kids. Damn dad you old like What's wrong with being Old? Nothing. But I did that to my dad too. So it is what it is. Yeah. But that's why when I played sports with 'em and we whatever in the house, I compete with them extra hard to let 'em know what it is. Logan gonna beat you ass You know he won't Listen. You better stop that. Sim does do a lot of auntie though. She just does. It's them glasses man. Let's Go to the full ride. I think it's right. And y'all did that one. Y'all did this one video where y'all was dancing in front of the camera. I said look at him two auntie. I thought the same thing. I didn't know somebody called on you. Y'all just look like two people out. That was a party when we was with the hard bottom lemon pepper steppers that we was, I don't know why I told you to party with me.


You weren't there that night? No. Hello? Y'all was at the alumni party looking like alumni. What you Saying? You're with the founders. Hello? Give the ancestor. Damn. Hey I am here. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all feeling today? Blessed Black and Holly Favorite. When did you realize what, when you were auntie, what, when was the first time they called you auntie mama? Man, it was my daughter. Every, every time be with my daughter. Like I went to go to put like pop club girls up on Hulu for her And I And I made the mistake of giving her a option. And I her like, oh, do you wanna watch the Power Puff Girls that mommy used to watch? You wanna watch the new Power Puff Girls? Man this this gentle parent isn't good.


Like she looked me in my face and told me straight up like no I ain't wanna watch the New Power Puff Girls, not the PowerUp girls from the 1800. Damn wait 1800. Damn. There's the new PowerUp girls. Wait Yeah the PowerUp girls had a re like they came out like new visual, like new episodes and stuff in like 2014 I think or yeah, I had no idea. Me Neither. Do they look the same? Yeah, me. Well that's the thing. Thank you oldie. These Kids are different. Thank you Oldie. Man you better stop calling people oldie. I'm old you ma. How oldie I hung up already And be act like he ain't 47. I'm oldie. I'm a oldie. I'm an old, I'm Goody old but Goody, I'm oldie but goody.


Hello? Who's this? Oldie But free? Yeah. What's Oldie Chris from Columbia. Chris, good morning. When did you realize you were the baby? You were Man I was, I was about 35. I was with like 17, 18 year olds and my team was winning. We was a whole team of old, we won like four games in a row and then on the last game I went up for the game winner and tore my Achilles. They looked at me, they was like, you good on You tried to, you tried to dunk? No, I just went up for the jumper. And, I thought somebody was behind me. And. I. God damn. How long it took you to heal?


Oh man, I still ain't back. So it's been over a year. That was It. That was it. My career over. Damn Damn. Thank You uncle. But but You know when you play basketball with kids, like I play basketball with with with my daughter's boyfriend Andrew's friends. And when I play with them they, they, I know you get og come on og, they back you down and they don't take a light on you. They be doing it is bad. You be Having a bing gay down after that. Yes, he big. Now I know you now one thing Lauren, now one thing he did that one thing he bend is gay. Okay, so listen, when you're playing ball with them and they busting your ass, do they pat you on the as like come on og. See I was Gonna say, I was gonna say, but usually pause, pause, pause.


Usually when you bending down because the Tired, show us what you do. Show. Come on You. know what? Forget It. Forget it. Hit me over there and all that soft wiping. Forget it Baby, baby baby oil baby baby, baby. I like that. 805 85 1 0 5. I'm only human resources because the amount of bullying that I'm getting you The one who bend you bullying me. He wanted go to human rights. I was tired after he bent over in front Hands. Tyler knees, Hands on knees. Knees. That's not okay. I mean you put on, you can't even tired. You put on sleeves and Don know how to act today. What is, what's going? It's unbelievable. Hands on your knees. When did you realize you were old?


Call up right now it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. I hate this place. I'm not, I hate, I hate y'all.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. Ooo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@oo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job, thanks.


Moments Like seeing my son's team, cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Cybersecurity awareness month is wrapping up, but threats won't be going away anytime soon. That's why there's no better time to boost your defenses with Norton 360 1. Often overlooked aspect of cybersecurity is keeping your software updated. Outdated software can contain known security flaws that cyber criminals are eager to exploit. These vulnerabilities can lead to unauthorized access to your systems or the theft of sensitive information. That's where Norton 360 comes in. Norton 360 provides the comprehensive cyber safety protection you need to help stay safe from today's sophisticated cyber threats. It offers a range of features designed to give you peace of mind and robust security. One of the features is the software updater. This tool keeps your computer programs up to date helping to reduce security vulnerabilities that could be targeted by cyber criminals. With Norton 360, you can ensure your entire system is protected. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure. That's norton.com/secure.


What's up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the olds ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earring candy. Check out bows.com for more.


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty. The famed skincare brand created by iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin. Meaningful beauty makes powerful and effective skincare simple and it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system. Free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Run up phone big I bet be on the big car. Be here like may come through. And I got millions out there. Rap. They hate her but they stole the flow. Got back in, not back in coming. I stole the show. Run up on a head case. All she do is shoot. I signed my dealer up Bon to PJ and hopped out a parachute. I'm geeked on next week backing. No more features. I might just third shoot. I'm geeked on next week back. No more features. I might bird you ya with some shell to ya. Lapping bear ya two car. Yeah Match nails ya. No competition, no K laugh ya say money.


But I can't tell Ja keep running circles of Ronnie sna Ja. And my bumping up in the jail. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Larry Charlemagne, the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club Lauren, old auntie Lauren fil and for Jess. Don't auntie me if you just joining us. We're asking when did you realize you were an UNC or an auntie? When's the first time somebody said that to you?


Let's go to the phone lines. Becky. Yes, it's Becky. Becky. Becky. Are you Caucasian? No, I'm black. Oh, okay. When did you realize you were an auntie? When is the first time somebody called you an auntie? Okay. Well actually it was my best friend Karen, who is also black. Her daughter. Wow. Becky and Karen. Becky and Karen. Both black, Becky, Karen. Alright. Becky And Karen. I was You know I I thought I was looking young. I turned 50 this year. My students always tell me, oh you look like you're in your twenties. And then I went to her birthday party. She was turning 25 and she said to me as I walked in, Hey auntie. And it was like endearing and very depressing at the same time because I realized I can't look 26 if she's calling me auntie and she's only 25.


That's good though. You're Her aunt though because you're her best. Her mom's best friend. Right? She Could have called you Granny. Yeah, if if you getting called auntie 'cause you actually somebody's aunt. That's not a Bad thing. Yeah, that's not bad. And you 50, so you could have been called Granny. I know, but I'm not. Could be nobody. Grandma, You could be a Grammy and 50 50. Yes. I guess It's still You know I I pride myself in looking young and skincare and everything. You Still look young. It Still hit me. That's fine. It still hit me a little bit hard. You know it. Thank you for that. It's interesting me, when us adults say you trying to look young, like as if 50 is old like You know you look like a season veteran. 50-year-old by the way, I've said it a million times.


All of these older women are killing the young girls. Young girls got hands in they arms, they, they got little oldest. Y'all smelting on them campuses like, like it's like these older women got it put together. Like they killing the young girl. Come Don talk to You like that. I'm not li he hates like young PI don't know what's wrong. What's Wrong first Of all, and not everybody. That's young smells. I said older women killing the young girls. I'm talking to you older Woman. I'm not old woman. I'm not an old woman. Hello? I think I'm still classified in the younger girls. You're 32. Hello You to an 18-year-old. Oh my God. Hello. Hello. Hello. What's your name? I'll tell you after this. Now when did you realize that you were an auntie or did somebody call you an auntie?


I was at work one day and these young boys was having a conversation. I'm having a debate and he just threw me in a conversation like ask auntie, she should know who I said ask who You said ask auntie. I said I ain't nobody Auntie How old are you? I'm 36. Yeah. You ain't auntie status yet. That's what auntie now You ain't auntie. I'm Not auntie status yet. But I guess my spirit is it come off like old. They like that auntie. I'm like a mother of the neighborhood. I don't care. My, my son is 15. All his, all his friends is my kids. Mm. I Get it. Well thank you Auntie. Forget you envy have a call because you up now. Definitely Unc. That man 47 years old. Listen, I I'm Papa.


I got six kid Baby. Before I hang up I just wanna tell you, you get my mornings going. I love It. I love you. I appreciate it. And Y'all leave women alone because I come up here Period. Auntie. Damn. Period. Auntie. See look I up. Don don't do Lauren here right now looking like somebody Rich auntie. She got on Milano windbreakers. Milano Milano. Milano. He Milano Milano. What is that? Milano Tracksuit. That's what the young kids wearing. No, that's old Rich auntie status. This what the young kids wearing. No, they can't afford it. Look, You hear me? The young kids. The Young kid, they can't afford it without scamming. Scratch Your head all day. So you getting there? Yeah.


I just want to take the time to salute Angela Bassett, Nia Long, Kelly Rowland, Patty LaBelle, Stephanie Mills. Nia Latton who looks better than them. Exactly. Okay. Exactly. The women is 60, 50, 40 years old. Okay. Killing these young girls out here. Do not be afraid to age. It is okay. Do your sneakers match your tracksuit? I don't know. And then when you talk about nineties rom confine. Oh my goodness. It's Mars. I once, that's why I ask because It's me. Huh? Does his sneakers match his tracksuit? I mean I got white sneakers. Oh okay. Yeah. You got this white. Okay. White puma. Like white and black sneakers. I'm like that's definitely UNC hat to the side. Gold chains. I'm surprised you ain't got your chest arrow.


Come On. I don't have no chest hair. I never had it. But this is a legacy of resilience. Track suit, black owned brand. Just like yours is a black-owned brand. Black owned brand. That's right. Only person in here wearing white stuff is the Dominican, the white Dominican and All. Actually mine is God's feet. That's a black on brand initially. Hoodie you got on. Nah, my hatties though. Exactly. My jeans are not just not the hoodie. Let Me see What you wanna see about my ass. Hands on your knees. Shaking ass are torture. You Freaky bro. You freaky Salute the God speed. Brothers from Queens now All black on brands. We have Jess with the mess. Lauren, Rosa. We do have Jess with the mess coming up. We gonna get into Northwest. Gave her mom a necklace that was like over 20 k but I don't understand what it says and why. So we gonna talk about it. All Right, we'll get to that Nexus, the breakfast. Love. Good morning The.


Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. dj. MV Che hilarious. Charlemagne Nega. We is your problem. I'm love life man. I just just love life. I love what the hell is your problem? I just love life. I can't love life, man. Yes, you can love life. Can I love life man. You need to be checked. You don't think you need to be checked. Like you need to be drug tested. I love life. You don't think you acting a little strange this morning, Lauren? You don't think so? Just a little Bit. Didn't you say earlier people do strange things for a piece of little change. Something like that. Piece of little change. You right. I always fun about both of y'all. Excuse me. I-C-I-B-C. All right man. Let's get to Jess. Mess with Arnold Don. Real just Moore just don't do no lines.


Don't she don't spare nobody bro. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Shoes. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So there was a new indictment that came down this time. Nothing to do with Diddy. This is Amber Combie and Fitch's, CEO, Mike Jeffries and a few other people, including his partner Matt Smith. So they were ar So Mike Jeffries was arrested on federal charges related to sex trafficking and the Eastern District of Eastern District of New York. We just know that the charges are going to be related to sex trafficking, but we don't know the official charges yet.


They have not been announced. Now, I I mentioned his partner, Matthew Smith, his partner in the business, Matthew Smith. This was alleged that Matthew Smith was like the middleman in whatever this ring was. So in 2023, BBC did an investigation that alleged that Jefferies and Smith were a part of this like high organized network that involved a middle man who found young men to participate in various different sex events that the BBC report reported that eight men said that they allegedly attended these events and they claimed that they were exploited or abused. Now, this UK site also reported that attorneys for Jefferies and Smith previously denied this back in 2023 and denied any wrongdoing. But this indictment has come down.


So this was all over the news yesterday. This is something we'll definitely be keeping up with. And there was a doc sometime back, the Amber Kry guys, the dark side of cool. But it, it didn't really get into anything about like the, the abuse allegations. It talked more about the different lawsuits that Abercrombie and Fitch faced under Jeffrey's leadership dealing with hiring Discrimin gr hiring people, Dealing with him, getting Take your time, discrimin take time. Discriminatory and Hiring. Wow. You Know, don't, don't whisper. Take your time to me because I just, I I just don't trust nothing from that side of the room. I hate that. I don't know these people And these stories, You don't, you don't remember the documentary?


I mean, I know Abercrombie and Fitch, but I don't know that guy. The documentary was really big because Abercrombie and Fitch, at one point in time, like when you worked there, especially if you were a guy that worked there, you were like the, it was almost like getting signed to like a modeling contract. Like people wanted to work there because they would put you in edge, you would get to go to these cool events. It was like, it was a thing to be hired by Abercrombie and Fitch. So when this whole documentary dropped, people were like, wait. So they were discriminated against the people that they were hiring. They were sending, like, they would only hire younger people because they wanted a certain look and like just different things like that. And then in 2023 when these allegations by this BBC report came out, that was a huge thing because the brand is so big and noun. You have this indictment that is unfolding, But it's just like these stories are sinister. That dark, they're disgusting, but they won't ever get the media attention.


Something like a Diddy gets because You know and, and they deserve to, but they won't because folks really just want their engagement. And what you realize is folks don't actually care about the crime or allegation. They care about the engagement that the story gets. So this will be out today. Today it came out. I saw it yesterday. It it was all over yesterday. Yeah. And then it's gone, gone tomorrow. It'll, it won't have no leg. I think that this will, I mean it won't be, I I I feel like it didn't hit as big as the Diddy because He, because they're not stars. Yeah. They don't have to not Celebrity. Yeah. The brand is just Big and they're not black. That's the other thing. Let's say what it is. Yeah, Yeah. I agree with that. But I mean that's how it goes when you are a person behind a brand and not actual like a actual celebrity.


Like that comes celebrity life comes with the fact that no one, that things when they hit with you will hit harder. If The media wanted to make that a thing, they could though. It definitely could. And and they should. Owner Documentary. Yes. It should Go. Yeah. The documentary was a thing. So I, I don't remember it. It should go. I Remember seen it. Maybe I was at TMZ at the time. So maybe that's why I remember it because we covered it a lot. But I remember the documentary. Wait, was it all? I don't remember where it was on. See, but I remember the document. I don't remember At all. Yes. I'm so mad that discriminatory hiring was eating me up like that. That's a big word. Discriminatory. Like when you're reading it like You know what I'm saying? It can get you say, Oh is that you trying to get me back for us? Yes. What's that word again though?


Ever, Ever discriminatory hiring. You got it. Period. Okay, so in Brighter News, Ms. Elliott and Queen Latifah are now among the Medal of Arts recipients. They received this at a White House ceremony yesterday where they were crying. I believe that they're actually, this is a first for them. I'm look that up, but oh Yeah, that's auntie there. I saw that. When you do this, you looking at the computer like this, you squinting your eyes. Ah, you using both hands. You using both hands to type and queing your eyes and leaning in a little bit. Yeah. Yeah, auntie, That's what you'll be doing. I don't, I can see ya. Oh my God. I'm like, Okay auntie.


It's okay. It happens. Why Would you do that? It happens. You just ate their whole moment up. It happens. All right, auntie. Need your reading glasses. I don't even wear glasses. You should. It's time. It's time. Alright. Thank you. That's just with the mess with Auntie Rosa. Oh My God. This is gonna be statin. God no. Yes. It's on you. It's, it's, it's time. Envy. What you looking at me for? If I gotta do statin? You gotta take them chains off. These represent my children. That's So beautiful. The angel wings. Go get a tattoo. Unc To give it up. I got tattoo. I got tattoos Too. Time to give it up. And you zip up over there. You zip up. He zips up.


Hopefully when you get home there'll be somebody to make sure that you comfortable and massage your feet and or you don't have nobody. I Probably, if you don't got his blanket today, 'cause it's iron low. That's another thing that's gonna happen. My God. Somebody asked me that yesterday. If your iron is low, is that why you always have the blanket? No. I drink that cold ass Starbucks drink. I take iron every morning too by the way. I take, I bet you too. I take, take baby aspirin for my heart. I take Iron You know to make sure my blood ain't low. I take my fish oil pills. What else do I take in the morning? I can't even remember. Oh, jingle Baloba. I couldn't even remember that. And that's from my memory. You know your memory. You see now I drink that cold Starbucks. That's why I usually take right After c Latifa and Missy Elliot are the first rappers. He's Still trying all The people Choice mix used. The, Breakfast Club.


She Forgot you did The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be The same Morning everybody. It's djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filler in for Jess. Now we got a salute to Marlin Wayne Junior for Junior. Damon Wayne Jr. Marlin Wayne Jr. It's Damon Wayne. Damon Wayne Jr. For joining us this morning. Yes, Yes indeed. Wrong Waynes salute to Damon Waynes Jr. Man. Why make sure you check out Papa's House. Papa's House. 8:30 PM every Monday night. That's right. Okay. He's right though. I didn't even think about it. But when he was talking about how it's not that many black sitcoms on TV no more. I ain't even think about It. Like real tv. Like not Right. That's what he meant. Like networks. Yeah. Because I mean I watch Abbott Elementary but I don't, I can't think of nothing else that's on, not on network television.


Yeah. Alright, well when we come back and we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's Steve. JNV. Just Larry Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Law La Rosa filling in for Jess. It's time to get up outta here. Charla, man, you got a positive note? I do. Up tie man. I was out to dinner last night, man. SL to the good sister Bobby Brown. She had us at a masterclass dinner last night. You know brought together a great table of people and You know we was out having a conversation, having great conversation. And You know you be at one of them dinners. 'cause You know I'm the type of person, if I go out on a weeknight, I'm only gonna drink like one glass of wine. 'cause You know red wine is actually good for your heart. Really? But you, you, you ever been to one of those dentists where you like, why the hell my glass ain't empty yet?


And that's 'cause of the waitress. Keep going around and keep pouring the wine. Keep pouring the wine, keep pouring the wine. So I thought I was gonna be like, oh, like really out of it today. But I wasn't. I'm here. So SLU to Bobby Brown. Appreciate you Mike and Bobby Brown, the cosmetic owner. I I I didn't. Yes, yes. Yeah, you're right. I guess we have to say that. Yes, because Bobby Brown musician, Bobby Brown, you said she and I'm like, people are like, well why you just call Bobby Brown? She Yes. Bobby Brown, who owns Jones Road Cosmetics? Luther Husbandman Steve too, man. But the positive note is simply this, the most powerful thing you can do right now is to be patient while things are unfolding for you. It's really that simple. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club bitches.


Y'all finish or y'all done


As Cybersecurity Awareness Month wraps up. Remember that threats don't stop. Outdated software can leave you vulnerable to cyber attacks, making it easy for criminals to exploit security flaws. Norton 360 has you covered with multiple layers of protection designed to keep you safe online. The software Updater feature ensures your programs are always current. With Norton 360, you get robust year-round protection against today's sophisticated threats. Don't wait. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then You know, get my first apartment, Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need, and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts,


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to chumba casino.com. At Chumba Casino, I could play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Plus, I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo. Woohoo. Live the TBA life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tmbacasino.com. BG W Group, no purchase necessary void prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus.