
Hey, it's me, Tyler Bose. Open. Earbuds are stylish. The color, it looks almost like an earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it soon. Check out boz.com for more.


Hey, I'm Emily revealing incredible jobs that are out there. Ah, here's Winston with his burning question. De Can race cars, top jet planes? I gotta know. Classic. He's a charmer, but his timing could use some work. Winston loves trucks, so we'll explore construction car racing and more. Join us on growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, inspiring you to chase all your dreams. Listen to growing up on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't want to miss. The Things that we want and are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active and if we don't participate, They tackle the big questions, politics, policy, and what's next for the country? Doesn't The Biden administration have to take some blame for the border though? Charlemagne? First thing we dropped was a bill to fix the broken immigration system, which by the way, Trump did not fix when he was president. Don't miss this in-depth. Interview with Charlemagne tha God and Vice President Kamala Harris. Only on The. Breakfast, Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect Podcast Network. iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all. I'm Angela Rye here with my co-host, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross. We know y'all are feeling anxious about the upcoming election. That's why we created Native Lamp Pod to help you cut through the noise and the nonsense. They take grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes, black voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GLP. Take action this election cycle. Vote and listen to Native Lamp Pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, hey, it's Theresa back from the Dead again. Just wanted to pop in and let You know that Haunting is back on October 22nd. Spooky season. I own Spooky season. We're serving up some killer stories, literally, and a few that might make you question whether you really locked the door before getting into bed. So, cancel your lame Halloween plans, haunted houses, overdone candy, corn, honestly, who eats that? Your new tradition. Listening to me. Listen to Haunting. Starting on October 22nd on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Lord, the roles are filling in for Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlamagne. The Guy Beast to the planet is Friday. What's happening? How y'all feel? Good Morning. Weekend is here. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. I feel blessed black and highly favored today. I'm not gonna front, I didn't realize how exhausted I was till I got in here this morning. Oh, I'm tired, man. I'm so happy this Friday. Oh my God. Me too. I am tired. And it's one of those things where it's like You know you're looking at your schedules. K. I got one more thing to do this week. And that's Comic Con today at 3 45. Then after that, I'm done.


We got a long day today too. So disconnecting Long day, long week. We have a long weekend. Oh, I forgot about that. Yes. Oh, I didn't. I was, that's right. I wish I had a a day to sleep. Oh, I'm in Carolina. That's right. This weekend. Yes. We got a long weekend. Carolina a t. We do have a long weekend. Oh, that is a homecoming, right. Homecoming weekend. Shout to the with the ho North Carolina a and t, the Hope Greatest Homecoming on Earth. I gotta keep seeing it 'cause I got it wrong one time. And the Aggies been on Me. They been on your ass. Yeah. They like, you gotta fix that before you come. I'm like, listen, greatest homecoming on Earth, I'm coming. Yeah. Y'all need to sound it out every time. 'cause that G Hole thing sound crazy. We going with the G Hos this weekend. G Hos the greatest hos on Earth. Jesus Christ. Oh, Also too, Clark Atlanta is this weekend. Remember we were talking about that yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. Started yesterday. Yeah. So Kodak stop Thursday, Kodak and them are gonna have a tent.


The beat Atlanta is gonna be taking over Clark Atlanta Homecoming this weekend as well too. So they're gonna be doing a block party Friday, some hostings on Saturday, the tailgate. So it's a big homecoming weekend for everybody. Yes. Shout out To salute to them. Yes. Yesterday was a huge baseball. You, you got, you watch, you watch you watch baseball. Lauren. No, I don't watch baseball. But that was my grandfather's favorite sport. He used to always tell me about It. No baseball. Yeah. Last night the Yankees played the guardians, the Dodgers played the Mets. And when I say that Yankees game was so good last night, Charlemagne always talks about baseball was great when they were on steroids. It felt like that last night. Boy. Really? No, it didn't. Yes, it did. Dip. Dip. It felt like that The Yankees would've had 10 home runs if that felt like that. Nah, it did. Red, didn't it? Back in the steroid era. They was knocking home runs out the park. The steroid era. Yes.


Nah. Greatest era. Ever Been baseball ready? You watched the game last night. Yeah, I watched it. Didn't it feel like they started cracking them home runs? Like it was just coming outta nowhere? Yeah. I texted in the group chat. I was like, steroids. See, see, the Yankees didn't lose last night, but I, I wasn't mad at that loss. 'cause the way that the guardians came back last night, they deserved it. Boy, Jesus. But it was a great game. But anyway, let's get the show. Crack. Did the Mets win? Mets lost. Oh, okay. Mets lost. They lost 10 to two. They actually down in that series, it looks like they might be going home later today. They have game. Oh, they just lost. Well, the Yankees are still up in the series, but Oh, okay, okay, okay. But Mets, and then we have the Liberty tonight. They're playing game for, they're playing the link. So it's, it's live and pop in New York when it comes to sports, except for my Giants and the Jets. But anyway, my, the rest of The World, we don't care. Yeah.


Well, I mean, your cowboys are trash too. But anyway, let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. When we come back, Morgan will be joining us. Of course. You'll be filling in, in what's going on. And get it off your chest. You can get on them phone lines early (800) 585-1051. If something's bothering you or you just wanna spread some positivity, whatever it may be. Or maybe you're heading No homecoming this weekend, whatever it may be. Get it off your chest. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good mornings. Hi. Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club on the Rosa, filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Now, some quick sports. If you're just joining us last night, the Yankees lost to the Guardian seven to five, but they still lead the Series two one. The Dodgers beat the Mets 10 to two. The Dodgers lead that series.


10, three to one. Excuse me. Now the Liberty take on the Minnesota links tonight. Game four at eight PM Eastern time, and last night and Thursday night Football. The Broncos beat the Saints 33 to 10. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So let's just jump right into it. Happy Friday. Okay. Friday, former President Trump. He spoke at the 2020 fours, Alfred e Smith Memorial Foundation dinner last night, Thursday evening. Now the event held the New York benefits Catholic Charities, and was hosted by a comedian, Jim Gaffigan, who joined former President Trump in criticizing BP Harris for not attending. Now, this is the first time that a presidential nominee has not attended this event in decades.


She was on the campaign trail in Wisconsin. However, Trump, he was critical of her. He called Harris, very disrespectful for not making an appearance at the event. Let's hear more from former President Trump. All polls are indicating I'm leaving big with a Catholic vote as I should be. As I should be. But I don't think Kamala has given up yet. She hasn't. Instead of attending tonight, she's in Michigan receiving communion from Gretchen Whitmer. So Trump was also, he also said he was happy.


I'm sorry, I couldn't hear the, it it wrapped up. Okay. So yeah. So Trump also said he was just happy to be somewhere without a subpoena, and he also slammed the group white dudes for Harris saying their wives and their wives lovers are voting for him. So he's not too worried about that group. Now, VP Harris, again, as I mentioned, she is the first presidential nominee in decades not to attend the event. Instead, she did address the audience with a prerecorded video where she made several jokes about Trump in a skit with comedian Molly Shannon. Shannon, excuse me. Noting that there's a, a fact checker in the room that night. And we'll just, let's just hear who that fact checker is. Just so You know. There will be a fact checker there tonight. Oh, that's great.


Who? Jesus. And maybe don't say anything negative about Catholics. I would never do that no matter where I was. That would be like criticizing Detroit. In Detroit. The church cares for the sick and feeds the hungry, supports families with housing and education. And in times of disaster provides not only essential supplies, but also in so importantly, a sense of hope. So, never heard of this dinner in my life. Didn. So it's like a Catholic dinner that's like comedy. Yeah. It, well, it, it started off with doing charities. Now in the last couple of years, this seems like more of a roast in the last couple of years. I was like, I never heard of eventually getting in trouble for not Being there in person.


Yeah. I'm, I'm all for You know humor. You know. I like to bring humor. Anyway, but I didn't know that it was a Catholic comedy comedy fest. It was a, it wasn't a comedy fest. I think the last couple years came like, it's clearly a comedy fest. Everything. It just turned into a rose. All of that was jokes and said songs. Yeah. But before that, it wasn't, it just turned into it. Oh, okay. Yeah. So they're saying that, who Was Alfred? He Smith. I didn't, I don't, I didn't bother to look any of this stuff. I'm asking who was like, who. Oh my goodness. I'll look it up. Yeah, look it up, please. So, while, while Trump was also in New York, he made a stop at a barbershop in the Bronx. Trump made an unannounced campaign stop in the Bronx at Knockout Barbershop, where some staffers got to shake his hand and ask him a few questions, including the shop's owner, Javier Rodriguez, let's hear from him.


We all seen it for ourselves behind cameras. I seen it in person. And. I feel like he is who he is. I feel like I, I didn't get a bad vibe, bad energy from him. And as conversations start, and I'm happy with the conversations we had, So some were wearing T-shirts that said, make barbers great again. And hundreds gathered outside. Of course, there was major security. There was a huge security presence with local law enforcement in addition to the feds and se Secret service. But some were saying that You know, Hey, I was able to just ride my bike right through the line. And this is concerning considering You know all of the events that have happened and the attempts on former President Trump's life.


So with 20 days until the election, or excuse me, less than 20 days until election day, former President Trump's running mate, JD Vancey rallied in Pittsburgh where he slammed VP Harris on the topic of Social security and Medicare. Let's hear from Vance. Paola Harris and her and her You know her, her friends in the media. They, they will say that somehow Donald Trump doesn't support Social security and Medicare. Donald Trump is fighting to protect social security and Medicare every single day. I'll tell you what is gonna bankrupt Social Security and Medicare. And that's Kamala Harris's plan to give Social Security and Medicare to illegal aliens who have no right to be here.


Mm. Not so sure that that's the truth. But yeah. We'll, elsewhere on the trail, Harris is running mate, Tim Walls. He was on the campaign trail in North Carolina with former president Bill Clinton. So BP Harris actually spoke about Medicare, and we'll get into those comments at seven. So yeah, stick around. Alright, 6:00 AM Thank you Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club call. This Is your time to get it off your chest.


Whether you're mad or blessed, 8 5 8 5 1 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? A yo? DJ Envy. Good morning man. This is Coach David Charlamagne, the guard, Coach Davis. What's happening, coach? How y'all doing? Good morning. How Are you? Rosas here as well. Oh, I'm who? Lauren LaRosa. She said, what was up? Lauren said, I said, I said, I said, Mr. LaRosa, how you doing? I didn't hear you. Listen. No problem. Hey, listen, I need Charlamagne. I need you to do me a favor, man. I need you to add Mr. William Leonard Roberts II to your donkey of the today. Why That comment? He made You know the streets is open when in reference to big mech coming home.


Yo, this dude, 46 years old, 48 years old, man, come on with the streets is open. Come on, man. He's not even built like that. Rick Ross is a, is a stolen moniker You. know what I'm saying? Because come on. What, what? We need that, what we need right now. We need more than that than worrying about streets being open. I don't know what the context was. I didn't see what you're talking about. Well, I guess, and, and, and the, with the fact of Meech coming home, You know this is what he's saying. Rather than You know. Congratulations, you made it out. Now that he, he said the streets are open. What does that mean? That's a great question. Not sure. Hello, who's this? How you doing? This is blind Tommy. What's up blind? Tommy, get it off your chest blind, Tommy. Look, look, I'm disappointed in y'all lack of support for the blind comedy community.


Okay. The blind comedy community. I didn't know there was one. How, how many of there what? Trying to say You don't see y'all? Yeah. You don't see You know? Okay. Remember I through Eddie, my number to you? You ain't never gimme a call, man. Well, tell me, what's the vision for the blind comedy community? Like what? Tell me, what do you see in the future? That's what you gonna Vision. I don't, I don't, I don't have no vision for the combined comedy community. But You know I got some ideas. You Know. Okay. What's the idea For you to interview it? Oh, you want us to interview you? Yeah. Okay. All right. Well hit up Eddie. Don't say that. All right, man. Yeah, yeah. Hit hit up Eddie, brother. It's true. After our producer hit Eddie up You. know what I'm saying? I ain't got no problem.


You coming here, You know. We see what you can do. I did get my number. Do you? He still got it. Oh, Eddie Eddie's a he. Yeah. Eddie's a he sir. As far as we know. We don't know what he identifies as. Yeah, No. I said do he, do he think he still has it? Hold on. You still got it? He gotta he throwing his hands up like he don't see it. I don't know what the hell going on with ho. Hold on. Blind time. Hold on. Blind time. Jesus Christ. Hello. Who's this? Yeah. What out? What out, what out? This big old with big old entertainment? Good morning, Laurie. Good morning, Charlotte. Maine Envy. I wanted to give y'all personal invite to my next big event. Charlotte, North Carolina, the Biggie event. Nightmare Avenue, where Mr. S Grills himself. Dj, DJ Drama. What is that?


Is Lori? Yes, sir. You called me Lori. It's Lauren. He he didn't say Shem right near me. I'm Sorry, Lori. Yeah. All Right. My apologies. Don't beat me up. Hey, listen, follow us on the ground. Big OENT. That's big. OENT. You don't got tickets. Hit us up on event break. We got you all Big O and shout out to Power 98. Rebel 1 0 7 0.9. Alright, Bro. Hello. Who's this? Hi, good morning. This is Kenda from Harlem. Hey, Kenda from Harlem. I think you called earlier, but your phone was crazy. Definitely Disconnected. I just wanted to say good morning to you guys. Good morning. DJ Envy LL Cool Day. Charlemagne. I'm calling in to shout out my daughter who's running for homecoming veteran in Union High school in New Jersey.


Okay. Both Madison to pay homecomings, that kid 2024. Okay. Well, good luck to your daughter. Yes, thank you so much. Shout out to Y'all. Well, they gotta vote for it. Or is it, is it faculty or is it the students? How, how does that work? It's a, the students vote. They started campaigning yesterday. The students vote. She has like the cutest Coco Spiderman thing going on. And yeah, we wish to her the best of Luck. Well, what's her name again? Say her name. Clear Madison for homecoming Dutches, 2024 Union High School in New Jersey. All right. Vote for Madison Union High School. Good luck, mama. Thank You so much. Good luck.


Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's time to Get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? Hello, this is James. Hey James. James, can you take us off Bluetooth for speaker? Whatever you got us on, brother. Yeah, my bad man. I was just brushing my teeth. I was, I was on hold. But does anybody else remember that when Donald Trump was president, he suggested dropping a nuclear bomb into a hurricane to stop it?


I remember that. Yeah. I, I mean, how, just off that alone, just off that alone. Now I, I, I just can't see him being president, man. Who, who, I mean, someone that dumb cannot be in the presidential office, man. And then on top of that, all the, the messed up stuff he said about war veterans, I'm war that I, I don't, I didn't appreciate the mess he said about Senator McCain. The crazy part about it is not only did Trump say that, he denied saying it. He said that it was ridiculous that people would think that he said it, but he actually said it. No. Yeah, man, that man, I can't, I can't, and I'm not, I'm not saying this because I'm a huge Kamala Harris fan.


I mean, she's a better pick than him though. I mean, you shouldn't look, there's no such thing as a perfect politician You. know what I mean? You just look for the politician that you feel You know, has your, has your interest, has issues that you care about. And You know the person that you think can be the most effective leader. Well, you calling him from James? Oh, I'm calling from North Carolina. North Carolina. Okay. You know, according to 5 38 daily election poll Tracker Harris is currently leading in the national polls and has a 2.4 percentage point lead over Trump. I don't know what the hell that means. I just know it's gonna be close. But you gotta get out there and vote. Come November and make sure you get out there and vote, brother. Hello. Who's this, this Tank from Newport News, Virginia Tank from the 7 5 7. What's up brother?


How y'all doing, man? Good morning everybody. Good man. We, we'll see you out there next week for, for Hampton and Norfolk State homecoming. What up though? Get it off your chest. So after seeing that Fox interview with Kamala Harris, Kamala, I guess my question is for the whole Breakfast Club, like how does anybody really, how can anybody support her anymore after she kind of dances around? Every question, never answers anything directly. And then like us, us American people, we just want to know like what she has to offer policy wise, specifics and breakdowns and details. And instead of dance around these questions, why not hit us with these specifics? So she might be able to persuade the Americans to vote for? And I'm just not seeing that. You know, it's interesting when people say that because she lays out her opportunity economy plan every chance she gets.


And then when she does that, she gets mocked for it. Right? And then You know, you say she dances around questions, even though I hear her dance, even though I hear her answer questions directly. But Trump literally told you verbatim that he does this thing called the weave, where he'll start one place and then talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, take you somewhere else and never come back to what he was talking about unless he wants to. He literally said that to you on my man Andrew Schultz's podcast. But nobody ever brings that up and says he don't answer questions directly. Why is that? Right? But okay, but when the American people go to ask Trump these questions, you hear him say, Hey, how are you gonna bring down the cost of living? Oh, well, we're gonna bring down the cost of energy. That's where we're gonna start 50% in the first year. We're not hearing these specific in these details breaking, broken down.


That's not true with Harris. We're hearing That, that, that We're hearing. Hey, like Brett Bryer asked her two days ago, Hey, Kamala Harris, do you feel like you owe this family of Lark and Raleigh an apology? Well, I'm deeply, deeply You know. Like, what? What do you mean? She said, she said, she said, she said, she said she was sorry for what happened to that family. But once again, Brett didn't ask her about no policy. So so you he No, he did not. Brett, Brett didn't ask her one immigration policy. Brett didn't ask her one policy question. That whole conversation He asked. So you, you remember when he asked about the whole immigration thing? That's not a policy question Under her, under her, under her administration though. No. Over the last three and a half years, That's not a policy question.


Everything happening. It, it's related to the policy though, because it's her open border. It's the CBP one app that she has the, the accountability. She, she's allowed these things to happen. That's what I'm saying. Where's the accountability? And when it comes to these things, the boys, it has an app called CBP one. You can look it up. The border is a bipartisan issue. It's been a bipartisan issue. The border has been terrible under every damn under damn near every single administration. And it's gonna take bipartisan legislation to fix the border. You can't fix the border with executive borders. It's gonna take Republicans and Democrats coming together to create a legislation to fix the border. And guess what? They had that and You know who shot it down Donald J. Trump, because he didn't want to give the Democrats any type of win.


Those are just facts. And I mean. I don't know what to tell you. When you put facts on the table and present people with facts and they still don't want to see the facts. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the Mess with L LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? We do, we have some updates in Liam Payne's death. So we gonna get into those really quick All. We'll get into that. Next, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Laura. La Rosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spend nobody worldwide, worldwide mess on The, Breakfast Club.


The coaches And, I got the mess. Talk to me. So yesterday we had discussed Liam Payne passing away in Argentina, and there were a lot of unanswered questions when we discussed it yesterday, but there have been some updates. So Argentina law enforcement is now saying they gave a statement to the Associated Press, and they said that they believe that Zane, I'm sorry, that Liam Payne jumped from the balcony. Now there are some back and forth disputes about this because although they're saying that they're not providing any information as to what they are using to conclude that, and they're not a hundred, like, they're not saying the word suicide, but they're saying he jumped.


So there CNN and a couple other outlets did some more digging. And at the same time, the prosecutor's office there is saying that because of the injuries that Liam Payne sustained, they believe that he might not have been fully conscious at the time of his fall, which can lead to the theory that he didn't jump and that he actually just fell. And they say this because of the position that his body was found in and the injuries from his fall. Now, the, the public prosecutor's report added that there were also a series of substances that were seed, that were re seized in his room as well, which indicate prior situation of alcohol and drug consumption. And you guys remember yesterday we talked about everything that happened,


Welcome To growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, where we uncover all the awesome jobs you could do when you grow up. I'm Emily, and I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh, wait a second, this noise. Ah, that's Winston, who always has some burning questions. What is it now, pal? Hey, Emily. Can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical, he's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks. But hey, we'll explore construction, car racing and plenty more careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids Grownup is now available on Story Button, the Kid friendly device. For Screenless podcast listening, listen to grownup on story button, the iHeartRadio App Apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


This Week, Charlemagne, the God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't Wanna miss. The things that we want and are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active and if we don't participate, They tackle the big Questions, politics, policy, and what's next for the country? Doesn't The Biden administration have to take some blame for the border though? Charlemagne? First thing we dropped was a bill to fix the broken immigration system, which by the way, Trump did not fix when he was president. Don't miss this in-depth Interview with Charlemagne tha God and Vice President Kamala Harris, only on The. Breakfast Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, my little creeps. It's your favorite ghost host there. And guess what? Hunting is back dropping October 22nd, just in time for spooky season. Now, I know you've probably been wandering the Mortal plane, wondering when I'd be back to fill your ears with deliciously unsettling stories. Well wonder no more because we've got a Ghoulishly good lineup ready for you. Let's just say things get a bit extra. We're talking spirits, demons, and the kind of supernatural chaos that'll make your Halloween season complete. You know how much I love this time of year. It's the one time I'm actually on trend. So grab your pumpkin spice dust off that Ouija board. Just don't call me unless it's urgent. And tune in for new episodes every week. Remember October 22nd, the veils are thin, the stories are spooky, and your favorite ghost host is back and batter than ever. Listen to Haunting starting on October 22nd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Mike and Ian. We're the hosts of How to Do Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Each week we take your questions and find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How Do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything podcast on iHeartRadio.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? Like What's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi. I am my tego Mr. Our Podcast Hungry for History is Back Vegan Too, Season two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, we push record, right? Okay. And this season we're taking in a run bigger bite Out of the most delicious food and its history, Saying that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba. Oh. And the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh. So All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century Bc bc I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My Cultura Podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


In the lobby at a hotel. And there were photos of different things being broken and destroyed in his room. Yep. So the police, when all this happened, got a call the day of, and they responded to a call of an aggressive man who could be under the influence of drugs and alcohol. The hotel manager in Argentina is who called. And on the phone there was a nine one one call obtained by the ap. On the phone you hear the manager say, A guest is overwhelmed with drugs and alcohol, he's destroying the entire room and we need you, we need someone to be sent please. As the call went on, they, the AP is reporting that the manager got even more anxious and was saying basically they were really scared for him because his hotel room had a balcony. Now the balcony, they're now photos of the actual hotel room.


That's What the manager said on the call. Yes. Wow. Yep. They are like, Hey, we're worried because You know he's frantic and something's going on and there's a balcony in his room. Mm. Now the balcony people have started to dig into the hotel and kinda what the structures of the hotel rooms look like. The balcony is like four feet high. Liam was five 10. It's a glass balcony. And when you see the picture of it, it's like You know. It's easy to, to see how someone could've went over everything at this point right now is indicating that he was alone when it happened. We talked about the fact that his girlfriend was there, but then she left. So, I mean, it's still kind of up for question whether this was intentional or not, but the statement that was released says that he jumped. So That's unfortunate. Sad. It's very Unfortunate.


Sad. Very unfortunate. Especially because he was on a, he had just posted a video on his YouTube channel not too long ago talking about he was celebrating six months of being sober from alcohol. So You know, it seems like he was battling with something for for sure. Yeah. Now, Zain Maleek, who was also a part of One Direction, broke his silence on the passing yesterday. He said, Liam, I never got to thank you for supporting me through some of the most difficult times in my life. You were headstrong, opinionated, you gave no F's about telling people when they were wrong. When it came to the music. You were the most qualified in ever sense. I lost a brother when you left us and can't explain to you what I give, just to give you a hug one last time and say goodbye to you properly and tell you that I love and respect you dearly. I hope that wherever you are right now, you are, are at peace and You know how loved you are.


Love you, bro. Man. The direction. This was distraught yesterday. Yeah. Oh. Oh my God. They're gonna be for some time. Absolutely. You know. 'cause I mean, one Direction, I think Liam, what was started in the group? 16, 17 years old. Wow. So you kind of group up, grew up with them You, know what I mean? And they had so many different eras of fame. Yeah. Just reunited literally not too long before all of this happened. So Definitely rest in peace and condolences to his family. Yes. Are you 1D now? I I'm not Well you'll never be 1D you multiple, but yeah. Oh, this is Just Pause. What you mean 1D, what happened? Are you shaming? Tell us about This one. D You know one stories I do. Okay. Okay. We gonna move on. We Jump right on that. D I'm Go ahead.


Jumping on it. Cowboys crazy. All right. So Snoop Dogg was on the Today Show and watching Snoop Dogg is just always amazing because it's like Snoop Dogg has become, it is like he always Snoop Dogg is Snoop Dogg, but it's in every facet of his life. It's like he recreates and finds different ways for you to love him, right? And he just does it so well. So they're talking to him about a bunch of different things and one of the, at one point he begins to talk about You, know the love of him and his wife that they share. Let's take a listen to that. Hey, lemme get this brother together real quick. Ow. It's 57 Degrees with Mary Jane. That's not the one. So that's the second one. Let's go to the other one first. You said no other One.


Okay. Well in the, the first clip that they, in the first clip that we would've had about him talking about his wife, he talks about how be, because him and his wife have been together for so long, she also manages his career. His career. And he talks about the balance that she provides for him. Like she is, especially, he says when his mom passed away, she was the person that was like, don't worry about this over here. I got it. I just need you to get yourself together. She's always You know, encouraging him And I think and he's saying You know that's, that's why he's been able to do as much as he's been able to do for so long. And then they do this like very funny Snoop Dogg weather report where they bring up just the cities that are like Snoop Cities, weed related cities. Take a listen. So he does it without Roker. Hey, lemme get this weather together real quick.


Ow. It's 57 degrees in Mary Jane Falls, Nevada. That's right. And then I heard it was going to be 56 degrees in Stoner Colorado. That's right. 84 degrees in blunt South Dakota. Sliding on down to this area right here above the average highs, 70 degrees in Roach, Missouri. You understand me? We stayed lucky in Kentucky. It's going to be 60 as we blaze in Blaze, Kentucky. You dig? Yeah. Oh yeah. And over here we got Pottsville, Pennsylvania, where we'll be 60 degrees and down low on the go. 61 degrees at High Point. Get that High point. North Carolina. Okay. I think once You know whoever would've becomes president if they need to legalize marijuana all across the country federally.


And then we need to make Snoop Dogg America's symbol. The bald eagle. Eh, it You know it's, it's kind of over for that either got You. know what I'm saying? We need Snoop Dogg to be America symbol. But you have to legalize marijuana federally all across the country first and then make Snoop Dogg America symbol. So you mean not just for marijuana, you just mean the symbol for I America. Don't repeat. I don't like repeating more. Everybody out there knew exactly what I meant. Right. Lauren, y'all Having a little tiff in here? You know You want me to, I'm just asking. I just wanna be clear. I just wanna be clear. Okay. Who broke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning? And also Proverbs 1820, the left side says, he who finds a wife finds a good thing, finds a good thing, amen. Finds what is good and receives favor from the love. And That's what Snoop do's career is given.


I pray, not pray. I know that. That's what, that's what I want. Like the way that Snoop has been able to elevate and be based like this. You want white? No, I want a good thing. I'm gonna be a good white Switch side. Already gotten to that point. Been a couple weeks. Lauren. Lauren. Lauren, you only 31 White To be at the give up like that long. No, that's what I'm looking for. Some Stu, please take Me. I mean something wrong. Take Me I'm your stud please. Damn, you just ready to sacrifice yourself to the studs already. No, Carolina, she's coming out there this weekend. So dang. If I do go there, I don't No. Hey, you don't want what? Nothing. What? What's your type? She don't care at this point. Just anything. Vegas can't be choosers.


And that is just with the mess not happening. LaRosa y'all. It's what? It's except it. Now when we come back, we got front page news. Don't go anywhere at The. Breakfast Club. Come on, y'all ain't checking out. The Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The, Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's getting some front page news now, some quick sports. Last night, Thursday night football, the Broncos beat the Saints 33 10 Major League baseball. The Yankees lost to the Guardians last night, but they still lead the series two one. The Dodgers beat the Mets last night. 10 to two, excuse me. And the Dodgers lead that series three to one. And tonight the links take on to Liberty at eight PM Eastern time. What's up Morgan?


What Up though? So let me just go ahead and say that tensions are rising over in the Middle East. Okay, so Hezbollah is announcing a new and escalating phase in its war with Israel. The Iran backed militant group made the announcement on Thursday saying they've killed 55 Israeli soldiers since the beginning of Israel's ground operations in Lebanon. The statement from Hezbollah did not mention the death of Hamas leader, Yaya Sinis, who was killed by Israeli forces on Wednesday. However, vice President Harris says Justice has been served following the death of Swar. Speaking in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Harris said The World is a safer place now that Swar has is dead.


And he was killed by Israeli forces adding that he was responsible for the October 7th attack on Israel last year. Let's hear those comments. The United States, Israel, and the entire world are better off as a result. Soir was responsible for the killing of thousands of innocent people, including the victims of October 7th and hostages killed in Gaza. Seir was the mastermind of October seven, the deadliest day for the Jewish people. Since the Holocaust. VP Harris also blamed Seir for starting the current war in the Middle East. That of course has led to deaths, thousands of deaths in Gaza. Now while also speaking in Wisconsin lacrosse, Wisconsin to be exec, she promised to give tax cuts to 100 million middle class Americans give $6,000 to new parents in the first year of their child's life to buy necessities.


And she also laid out her plans. In contrast to what former president Donald Trump said about, or excuse me, his running mate, JD Vance said about Medicare. Here's what she had to say about Medicare while speaking in lacrosse, Wisconsin. This is a matter of dignity and it is a matter of your ability to participate in the workforce and be productive and have a quality of life. So we're gonna change the system. So Medicare will cover your ability to have home healthcare for your elder parents. Yeah. Not to mention the Biden Harris administration also made it so that You know those bills, those medical bills, they don't go on your record. So just keeping that in mind. Now, VP Harris also spoke on AB abortion rights, calling for the revoking of Roe v.


Wade, or calling the revoking of Roe v. Wade immoral and promising to restore reproductive freedom nationwide. She told the crowd that unlike her opponent, Donald Trump, we actually see real people and care about them. Meanwhile, the Harris Walls campaign's HBCU tour is outside much like you guys this weekend in North Carolina. Today in Greensboro, Harris will brunch with students, alumni, elected officials and community leaders. While tomorrow in Charlotte, North Carolina, she will brunch with JCSU Student. Oh, so she is showing up. So she's popping up. She she around. She around. I was hoping You, know what I'm saying? She'd be around here.


You know Howard. Which one you said she going to again now? She'll be in Greensboro today. That's North Carolina, I believe that's North Carolina a and t. Okay. And then Charlotte tomorrow The rest of y'all getting 10 walls. I should pulling up Charlotte May get 10 walls you said, because a Howard's Homecoming is also this weekend. So I know that they are, at least what I have heard is that they are preparing for a special, special guest on the, on the campus of Howard University. Tim Walls. Y'all getting Tim Walls at Howard University? Nah, she'll probably show up to Howard. You should show up to Howard. So of course they will join H-B-C-H-B-C-U students alumni community to celebrate those homecomings and those speaking will highlight Vice President Harris's a new way forward agenda that will lower cost to protect our freedoms, support HBCUs and give every North Carolina linean the chance to not just get by, but get ahead.


There's other things that they said they were gonna lay out, but are you guys looking forward to the homecomings outside events this weekend? Now Morgan, Lauren LA just showed me something. Miss s Morgan Submit an invite. Oh, she sent you the invite? Yeah. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. That's it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It doesn't say because it doesn't say she gonna be there. It says that she's gonna be, they gonna be talking about Harris and Walls. It is the Harris Walls homecoming tour. Okay. So it is a matter, They don't need to have walls on them. Why? They didn't say Harris man. Yeah, why not? You don't need, he's a part of it. Yeah. Not, not really. Is he? You? I don't wanna see him nowhere. I don't wanna see him. Nowhere swag surfing or attempting to shimmy. Oh my god. Don't Say you don't want falls on your yard.


No. Walls Got kind of quiet recently. Good. Stay off the yard, please take him to the student center and that's it. Library Did. JayZ the library. What JayZ say? He had a spark when he started, but now he just garbage. Just garbage. I don't think he garbage You know what I'm saying? But it's just like I, I don't see the impact. He be chilling. We don't need that right now. That's the we need you chilling. That's chilling. Okay. We need you on the front lines. Okay. He need a white man that recites other white people. I don't know if he's that white person that's doing that. Is he? No. Oh, okay. Geez. Wag your fingers. Okay. And so let's bring things home to New York. Governor Kathy Hoel says, Annie talks of her possibly joining Kamala Harris's administration. Should she win the presidency is not true.


A journalist asked her about a report saying that hocal AIDS reached out to Harris's team about a potential job working for Harris. And here's what New York governor Kathy Hoko had to say about that. I love New York. I'm not leaving New York. So all that is false. There are people, there are bad actors out there. Once again, purveying in lies. People are trying to create the notion that I'm not running for reelection and I'm running for reelection. Yeah, there's a lot of people in that Category. Yeah. So Governor Hoko continue says she continues to support New York City Mayor Eric Adams, who was also battling federal corruption charges. The governor was challenged by a reporter who asked why she won't demand his resignation, but did demand Adams overhaul his top level staff who have not been charged with any crimes.


And here's what she had to say about that. Stabilize the situation. Instead of having day after day after day of blaring news headlines about who else has had an investigation, who else's cell phone was taken, my focus is, is government still functioning at the levels that New York City residents deserve? That's it. I'll be watching to make sure that this is all happening. This comes of course, as numerous aides have from Adams administration, have stepped down in recent weeks and also have resigned after Hoko. Of course. Asked the mayor to clean house following all of those allegations, bribery charges, corruption charges and more. Yeah. So again, I will keep you posted on that situation.


That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network, download the pre iHeartRadio App and visit bi news.com. All right, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051 is doing background checks and research on your partner. A red flag or a requirement. So Lauren, when you're out Well are you digging what? Well, the, the guys that you see, do you do background checks for What? What you mean like real background checks? Like run it through like a real like.com report. I wasn't thinking about that, but do you No, I don't go that far. But I do do Carfax, like I see who we have in common and reach out and be like, yo You know what You know about this person.


Are they cool? Like is it, is it safe? Like that type of thing. Okay, well let's Talk about that. Why are you looking at me like that Charlene? What is going on? You don't think you've been outta this for a long time? You talking, I'm listening to you. Ain't looking at me like you guys. 5 85 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you do background checks on the people that you're dating? Do you research them? We hollering without even getting hit checks on the brows. What? Let's discuss when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Daddy call man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for just now. If you're just joining us, we open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. When you guys are out and about dating, are you doing background checks and research on your partner? That is the question. Now Laura LaRosa says absolutely positively. Yes. Now what kind of background checks are you doing? I'm asking or Yeah, I'm gonna ask like people that are mutual to us. Like So you go through his Instagram? Yeah, just, I mean even I might, if I know you through somebody, I probably ask them. Or if I go through Instagram and see you have a mutual follower, I might reach out and be like, hey, if the person I'm, if I'm cool with that person, but I just need to know a little bit like You know.


What am I getting myself into? Is it worth the time? Because people come off very When the last time you had to do that? I think I just did that like a month ago. But you don't do background checks. Like to see if he was arrested but he was arrested for and all that Stuff. I don't, but I do have a couple homegirls that do it immediately. Really? The minute they know your full name, yes they do. A hundred percent. So, But what does that mean? Just 'cause he been arrested though. Like what? But you wanna see what's Arrested for? I think people just wanna know one of, one of my homegirls that does it, her mom is a former police chief. So like it's just, they've always just been in the practice of like, that's just what they do. But I think they just wanna know like it's a, it's a big safety thing. I'm mad at that for most women too. But it's like safety. But then you, you really just wanna know like is it what it appears to be? 'cause the flags be so green in the beginning.


I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't have a problem with that. I think men need to do that too. Ain't nothing wrong With that. I think when men start dating these women, they should be doing background checks and even, even if it's not like going online to try to figure out a person's criminal background. Just ask about the individual. Ask about the young lady. Do You know her? Yep. Who is she? What is she about? Is she a scammer? Has she set dudes up before? Yep. Right. You know what's her body count. But Most of, is she Crazy in, in some way, Shape or form? Most guys do that and the questions they ask is she crazy? Who did she used to deal with? Like who was her last boyfriend? Is she disconnected from the situation? 'cause they wanna know like, all right, if I'm staying at the crib, Who's a baby fall in the background. Absolute. It's a, it's a safety thing. But then they do ask like, is she crazy? 'cause it's like now they wanna know like all do You check horoscopes?


One of our producers says background checks include horoscopes. Yes. I think you should treat it like jobs go. I go to their social media history too. I do that too. See what they've been tweeting about. See what they've been posting about Twitter. Instagram I looked at tag photos 'cause that's how you find a girlfriend that they saying that they don't have Jesus. I do. You said horoscopes. So what? Yeah, so who won't you date? What horoscope won't you date? I Don't, I will date any horoscope but I You know what I'm getting because I know what I'm getting a little bit like I always attract Pi and they Hold on now lemme turn your mic on turn now turn mic on. No in, nah, nah. What's up now? I Absolutely will never date a Virgo ever again. We don't want you either. Oh, Oh I forgot your Virgo. TE's in the background like yes, And, I.


Think I'm good off of Scorpios too. I can say so Horoscope. So you base everything off for horoscope? I don't base everything off of horoscopes but I'm definitely heavy into a, so If you meet a gentleman And background checks are also essential because when I was in college my homegirl brought this man over to the crib. We meet the guy, he's telling us about him. He's, he's doing like all the bells and whistles. He's complimentary flowers X, Y and Z. Why me and my other roommate look him up And this guy had a domestic abuse case in Florida and he was wanted in Florida. Damn. Sitting in our living room. So yeah, we doing background checks, we, we need to know everything. So he Made a good guy y call the police. There was no reward for him. Y point because y'all get him locked up.


He knows y'all got him locked up and that's what it's, if there's a reward, who cares? He comes back when he come Get because most of the time in them, in them DV situations they don't be stay locked up for long. So then would came back and got hurt. Well Let's go to the phone lines. We got Brandy on the line. Brandy, good morning. Good morning. Hey good morning. So we are asking do you do background checks of research before dating somebody? Okay, so my thoughts on that is I'm married, I've been married for 20 some years, but I have a girlfriend that is newly divorced. And. I am her Pi I absolutely she has started with some dating apps, things like that. And there's too much information out there available not to. You are out there by yourself.


So absolutely you should know who you are meeting and what they you guys have in common. So you can do register of deeds, you can do, there's too many social media sites not to be able to draw a good conclusion before you date somebody. I Agree. I agree with you mama. Thank you. She right. We got city on the lot City. Good morning. What's Up man? We talking about background checks and research before you dating somebody. Yeah, well okay. Who's doing the background check? The woman. Both people could too. Yeah, all you gotta just go to their social media sites, see what they've been tweeting, go on their Facebook, see what they talking about. So is that the person's character? Is that actually a representation of the person?


That's a good question too. No, I think, I don't think so fully. I think it's a start though. Like it can help you kind of, but for me when I go to social media, I'm not even more so looking at like, is this your character all the way? 'cause I still wanna get to know you in person. I'm trying to make sure you don't have relationships you hide in like that type of thing. Kids you Hide in. Yeah, like If that person, if


Welcome to growing up the Lingo Kids podcast where we uncover all the awesome jobs you can do when you grow up. I'm Emily and I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh wait a second. This noise. Ah, at Winston who always has some burning questions. What is it now pal. Hey Emily can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical he's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks, but hey, we'll explore construction, car racing and plenty more careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids Grownup is now available on Story button, the kid friendly device. For Screenless podcast listening, listen to grownup on story button, the iHeartRadio App Apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't wanna miss. The things that we want and are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active and if we don't participate, they Tackle the big questions, politics policy and what's next for the country. Doesn't The Biden administration have to take some blame for the border though? Charlemagne? First thing we dropped was a bill to fix the broken immigration system, which by the way, Trump did not fix when he was president. Don't miss this in-depth interview with Charlemagne tha God and Vice President Kamala Harris. Only on The. Breakfast Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there my little creeps. It's your favorite ghost host, Theresa. And guess what? Hunting is back dropping October 22nd just in time for spooky season. Now I know you've probably been wandering the Mortal plane wondering when I'd be back to fill your ears with deliciously unsettling stories. Well wonder no more because we've got a Ghoulishly good lineup ready for you. Let's just say things get a bit extra. We're talking spirits, demons, and the kind of supernatural chaos that'll make your Halloween season complete. You know how much I love this time of year. It's the one time I'm actually on trend. So grab your pumpkin spice dust off that Ouija board. Just don't call me unless it's urgent. And tune in for new episodes every week. Remember October 22nd, the veils are thin, the stories are spooky, and your favorite ghost host is back and batter than ever. Listen to Haunting starting on October 22nd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Mike and Ian. We're the hosts of How to Do Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me. Each week we take your questions and find someone much smarter than us to answer Them questions like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How of your everything podcast on iHeartRadio.


It's Honey German and I'm bringing you Gracias. Come again. The podcast where we dive deep into The, World of Latin culture and entertainment with some of the biggest names in the game. If you love hearing real conversations with your favorite Latin celebrities, artists, and culture shifters, this is the podcast for you. We're talking real conversations with our Latin stars, from actors and artists to musicians and creators sharing their stories, struggles and successes. You know it's gonna be filled with Cheeseman Labs and all the vibes that you love. Each week we'll explore everything from music and pop culture to deeper topics like identity, community and breaking down barriers in all sorts of industries. Don't miss out on the fun and life stories. Join me for gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get into to listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


That person told you everything you need to know and you can't judge if they're lying or not. I think that's your problem. It depends on how you not a good Judge. Exactly. It depends on how far you are with the person. Because sometimes you'll meet a person and and be like, get their number and be like, Hey, let's meet up next week. Y'all might not even talk before that first meetup or Let's meet this weekend. It depends on, You are think you just hit a trigger for Lauren. She just started. No, I'm Not. I'm not triggered. I'm Not triggered at all. I disagree with city though. 'cause people lie and you don't know people. You are starting to learn people And, I think sometimes people will lie. They'll tell, they'll put their their best foot forward and you really wanna know what they're about. Like you. But what he said is true though when you go to social media. Is that really the representation? I don't Think it's feel a full representation. 'cause if you went to my social media, depending on the day, I don't know where I would sweat you.


But if you meet me a person, it'd probably different. Social media is really just like your best version of yourself. Like I'm putting all my best on here. My best outfits, my best accomplishes. I don't think it's a real reflection of who the person is. Well that's Nala. She's joining us. Of course she has pastor a in a little bit, but 800 also too. I want tell people man, call up for donkey today. I I like the fact that we are opening up the phone so much today and it's Friday. So I want y'all to call in with your own donkey of today. I'll go to the talk back feature on the iHeartRadio app and send me a Send me your donkey of today. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking do you do research or background checks on somebody your date and call us up Now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Tell off Made it.


If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa is filling in for Jess and now is with us this morning. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you do a background check and do research on your partner? Is that something you do? And we got a lot of people on the phone line. We got Dupre on the line. Dupree, good morning Man. What's up? DJ Envy, uncle Shawla and Lauren LaRosa. Peace King Brother. Good morning. Night later. You too man. Good morning. So I'm calling to answer the question today. You definitely gotta do a background check on these females.


I had an ex who was lying on social media talking about she a dental hygienist and we still got the girl in school for dental assistant. So I'm like, girl, why you over here lying to the people? And then this other girl, she over here talking about she a pa but then she come to find out she a CNN a so she, she not a doctor assistant. She's a nurse assistant. So yeah, we definitely gotta do background checks for sure. Well at least she in the ballpark You. know what I'm saying? She, she ain't somebody's mouth. She got a dentist. She just the dentist assistant. She ain't somebody's mouth all over the mouth. I feel like she's manifesting. Yeah. Yeah, she's manifesting she put it in the air. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Nicole. How are you guys doing? Hey Nicole. Good morning.


You Sound so pleasant. Good Morning. She's trying to high at you sound like it, but Nicole. Oh my God. We're asking do you do background checks and research on people you're dating? Yes, I do. So, crazy story, four years ago I met this guy at a downtown bar and he told me his name. We exchanged numbers. And I went onto the internet and just typed his name into Google. He came up as a registered sex offender. Jesus, that'll do it. But I didn't get that vibe from him. So I was like, What kind of vibe are you looking to get? You didn't have the registered sex offender vibe. What is the register sex offender vibe, ma'am?


Like creepy. Right? Creepy. Like You know, like he has a hidden background some attention, but I didn't get that from him. He was very kind and sweet kind of. Well we could say that about Jeffrey Daher, right? I Was about to say most of them people be like that. Very charming. Well what Were you looking for? Like a van with no windows. Like what, what Like what what would be sex Offender? Yo, he pulled up. Did he come to the date? On the van? In the van. So listen, let, let me give y'all some more context. So I did hang out with him again after You found Out sis you No. So he brought it you crazy. He brought up himself and he told me what happened. He was in the military. He had sex with some drunk girl and he, she had a fiance and she said she, she told her fiance that he raped her.


Mm. But but it wasn't rape. Right. And he was in the military. So You know these girls out here be trying to get these military being caught up. So any who fast forward. He is the father of my child. And my our child is four years old. Whoa. Oh, the registered sex offender. This is too much. Oh no, no. I understand what you're saying. He got a YouTube channel. So you're saying that he, he had, he had to register as a sex offender, but it was for something he actually didn't do. He said Yeah. He said he didn't do it. Isn't Sex offender underage? No. That could be rape. Rape could be, Oh, I don't know. I don't know. You Know what though. Hold on. ThinkLA might be right. No, I thought sex Well, sex offender if you rape somebody. But If you have to register as a, hold on. Let me, let's look it up now Let's do research. Yeah.


Does he have a mustache? Ma'am, I did not expect this story to happen A happy year. I'll be honest with you. He not have A mustache. He doesn't have a mustache and he has a white van that congratulations. Or should I say congratulations. You are required to register at sex offenders to keep law enforcement informed about their whereabouts to prevent them from committing additional sex crimes. The purpose of the sex offender. So this happens when it can just be rape, sexual assault, statutory rape, child molestation. It's, it's not just, just kids. Yeah. Okay. Well it worked out for you man. No, because he's the worst baby father ever. Worst of my life. Girl. Girl. I'm so You Had the sides. It's just kind of crazy.


Yeah, that wasn't Gonna right. Flag. He threw it Right. Blanket. Have a great day. Alright, Bye. Wow. Lord have mercy. I just don't understand anything in life no more. I gotta pray after that one. Yeah. Something got on me Lord. But Jamie Ann in the in on Instagram, she said, I read, she's in our live on Instagram. She said I read the full court documents. Hmm. This other guy said Instagram is just enough for me. So yeah guys who be checking. I didn't know guys check social media though. Like I thought that they looked, but I know they deep dive. I'm sure they deep dive. Y'all just like you. Deep Dive. Yeah, but I feel like men be acting so cool. Like none of that stuff. And Especially you, you talk about some of the men that you be talking to. So they got a magma. If you really talking to a guy, if you really dating, if you a player player like That, You know what I, I have a issue with dating.


If I'm dating, why would I not be talking to like, I can talk to more than one person. Like why does that make, why is that a bad thing? Men make that such a bad Thing. I'm not dating. I don't know. But if somebody's dating you and they want to get You know close to you and you got six, seven guys, they might look at you as a player and don't take a crazy, that's A lot two people. But if y'all like you and you become a priority, why are you worried about the other two or the other one Case? He might be a player. You might just be trying to get a little something for everybody. See, I gotta see what your background is. I gotta see what your horoscope is. But as a woman, we're supposed to be okay with like, if we're just dating, we're just dating. 'cause men are quick to be like, I'm not your boyfriend. That's Good. He letting You know what it is off top. But I can't have a boundary and letting You know that I'm dating other people and she just focused on me. I think there's somethings wrong with it. I think you don't gotta say it though, Sometimes don't tell nobody you ahoe this weekend.


You telling you Ahoe. I don't even say it. I just get put in these predicaments where I'm being treated like I'm a horrible person because I'm not like with like one, like just with this one telling You Know Because she talk, she gets on the air and talks about three guys. She talk to each other state. Even, Even before, even before I was here, it always went. People always just assume. I deal with a lot of people and they be like, it's such, it's, it's hard to compete with Lauren. Always act like you 1D, rest in peace to Liam. Okay? Period. Always act like you 1D period. Okay? Like you what I'm, look at me. I've been all white over here. I am a wife. 1D 1D one man, one person. Oh One direction. Jesus Christ, you And, I, And, I. You don't know what D is anymore.


My 1D be you my everything. He just call you the young stud in the making. Young stud. Young stud. That's, that's gonna stick with you now young Stu, YSL, young stu Like young Stu Light. Alright. Yo, we got Justin Domestic coming up. What we talking about? Oh, I'm sorry. Minor stud threw me off. There's some updates in the Big Meech case as well. Not the case, but Big Me's release as well. They released some of his conditions of his 20 20 16. 2026. 20 20, 20 26. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Sign in your head. Boy, why you laugh every time this record. It's a fantastic record. I don't ever want it to die. Okay. Alright. We gonna keep this record with, we gonna keep this record high until February at the Super Bowl.


He only gonna do a little bit of it at the Super Bowl though. Ah. Morning everybody. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lo and La Rose. No, anytime for that reset break. Oh, also what I wanna tell y'all too, donkey today is four after the hour I got something I wanna say for Donkey today. But I would rather y'all call in, I wanna take some calls. Whoever y'all feel like should get donkey day to day, we can do that and go to our talkback feature You know you can go to go to the iHeartRadio App, go to The Breakfast Club podcast, click on the microphone and go to the talkback feature and send in your, your donkeys of the day on Talkback. Okay? Yes. So people could call up right now. And if you wanna give somebody donkey today, Charlamagne is gonna allow you the opportunity to give Donkey day today. You give somebody donkey as well.


Well, yes I am, but I have a, it's a call to action more so than a donkey. 'cause there's a tragedy that happened in Greensboro. I want that. I want to talk about. So after I do that, I'm gonna have like three or four people, You know do their own donkeys. Okay? So call us right now. Alright, And I. I'll go to the talk back feature on the iHeart Radio app. Explain how to do it one more time. You go to the iHeartRadio App, you go to The Breakfast Club podcast. Right? Right. You well, yeah. Go to the iHeartRadio App search for The Breakfast Club podcast. Tap the mic, record your question. Hit send. And you can participate in donkey and we'll get it. That's right. All right. Now we got just with the mess coming up in a little bit. We do. Oh, you wanna know what we talking about? Yeah. Well let's call team Lauren. That's how it works. All right, well we talking about I, 'cause we, we talking about Big meet.


We got some updates. Okay, we gonna get into the conditions. Remember I told you guys who was gonna be released, but on conditions, You know what's going on over there. She's taking text messages and emails about homecoming this weekend and all her little boos hitting her up like, yo, you want me to meet you in of, that's what's happening over actually, that's what's happening over here. Actually, the journalist in me is reading something from today's website Sure. To prepare for just with the mess. Because I like for Jess segment to be very thorough. Sure. But since you're thoroughly in my business, I'm going to thoroughly enjoy you getting out of it. Thank you. Just with the mess is coming up. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning all. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get to Jess with the mess with La la Rosa. Music is real. Just Robin Moore.


Just don't do no lying. Don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa, I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk, Talk to me. So we discussed that Big Meech was moved to a halfway house and that he will be under government supervision until January, 2026. Now, in new legal docs that were reported by TMZ, they are talking about what the conditions of his release will be. Remember I told you when I first reached out on the story, a source told me like, yes, he is free. However, there are conditions.


So his conditions include him having to participate in a substance abuse abuse program. Okay? Which may include drug and alcohol testing, and of course living in the halfway house that he lives in. Of course, there'll be different things where like, I'm sure there's not the full details here. 'cause again, I told you that they're not releasing everything and putting everything in documents because of his safety and security. But normally those halfway houses have rules and stipulations about like visitation when you can leave, if you can even leave curfew. Yeah. Curfews, things of that nature. But specifically in the documents they talk about the fact that he'll be supervised, the supervised release will be for five years and it'll include that substance abuse program, drug and alcohol testing. So we know a little bit more about what his life will begin to look like.


Now, moving on, Gabrielle Union, Gabrielle Union got on TikTok and she shared a love letter to women in their thirties that I definitely think women in their thirties need to hear because the haters that be the hat, envy You. know what be haters that be when you're a woman in your thirties and you're thriving and you figuring out life. So You accepted this, But that they're haters to be No. The message. Oh yeah, the message, man. The message. When we hear the message, I, I wanna say I wasn't, I, what's the message? We gonna take a listen, it sat well with me because this stuff I already knew. So the haters that be the other woman in the room. Just say His name. Oh, he identifies as him. Yes, Charlene.


So now you take a listen. So now you're hating on the trans community. I'm hating on you. I don't think they accept you either. I'm hitting on you. Let's take a listen to Gabrielle. You ain't in her love letter to the woman in the thirties. I I picked this for you To my girl is in their thirties. Time isn't running out. It's not, feels like it is. If you look at social media, oh my God, you're running out of time. It's not, it's not. Other people will make you feel like you're running out of time because they want everyone to do what they're doing so they feel better about their choice. There's no race. Like there's no checkered flag at the end of life where they're like, she did it. Oh, extra stars for when you're dad, your thirties travel.


Tell people how you really feel. Don't lie to your therapist and be okay to not be okay and be okay with missing out because staying in is more fun. Mm. And I wanna mention too that Gabrielle Union met Dwayne Wade, her husband, when she was in her thirties. The couple then welcomed her daughter via surrogate in November, 2018 when she was 46 years old. You Wanna say something? I got my hand raised. Go ahead. Ah, go ahead. Yes sir, your Honor. Go ahead. I object. Okay. There is a lot of what Gabrielle Union said that I agree with. I think she said, don't lie to your therapist. I agree with that. Don't, don't fear missing out. I agree with that. But I disagree with her when she starts talking about clocks in time.


Okay. I agree that everyone is moving on their own time, but everyone's clock is different. There is an invisible clock ticking right now for all of us that none of us can see. So some of us have less time than others, so don't wait. Sometimes later becomes never do it. Now, Gabrielle Union has no idea how much time you have left. Neither do you. Mm. You done with your time? Yes. Okay, great. Well, I thought it was a great message. 'cause I do, I do know that You know there are pressures that come from the room, but I will say all the stuff that she was saying, like I I I was like, oh yeah, I already felt like this. I'm, I wonder why She wrote that message. 'cause Gary You know Gabriel Union. Well, she's like 51, so she's not in her thirties. So I wonder why she said You know. I wanna speak to the, those young individuals.


It, was it her group, group Chad? Was it her, her younger sister, her younger girl. I just wonder why. I'm Sure she remembers just You know being in her thirties and she was trying to figure it all out. She didn't get married until she got in her thirties. She didn't have a kid, even though it was by Sarah until she was 46. So she's One of the blessed ones. She's one of the blessed ones that made her 50 plus years old. Yeah. She's wanted to give some hope, but Somebody all gonna die in your thirties. Jesus. Therefore, you have an invisible clock ticking right now that none of us can see. So you just don't know how much time you have left. Do you ever have any hope or optimism for people? I do, but I'm also a realistic person. And what I said was realistic just now and You know it. Yeah. But like, no hope, no optimism. I didn't say that. None, all not, not one. Like all I say, dang.


Well, there's an invisible clock ticking for all of us, including me. That's none of us know how much time we have left. So what advice would you give Lauren? Laren her 30 sometimes later becomes never Charlamagne To it. Now Charlemagne wants me to meet somebody tomorrow, become barefoot pregnant and no, I Want you to wear shoes. And, I would never want you walking around here barefoot And mind y'all. It's like, yes, I'm going to, all this is going to happen for me. It's gonna happen soon. There you, But is it Charlemagne or your mother? Because your mother also said she wants you to Yes. Speed it up a little bit. Every I think people, so my my, everybody has different reasons. My mom wants me to experience having a kid because she saw how wonderful it was to have her kid step in when she went through life situations and she was sick.


Right? Right. My grandmother wants me to have a kid because my grandma's getting old. She gonna get up outta here. She wanna meet my kid. She gonna get up Outta Charlotte house, wants Me to have a kid. Because Your grandma's realistic. Your grandma realistic. Your grandma know that clock is ticking. Charlemagne wants me to meet a man just so I can bring him in here and he can tear my relationship to shreds. You be a fool. You bring your man head up here. Well, I'm Not, well, I I am not Well, You're not the number one person that I'm looking to tear apart their relationship. Leave Taylor alone. That man takes her on picnics. He's a good man. Oh, I can't wait to meet a good man, Savannah. Why? I really just wanna warn him. You gonna meet him? Oh, I can't wait next week. I can't wait. I almost called him the other day at the airport. Brandon, Almost. Oh my, my gosh. Almost. No, She ducked off. She got out there. She knew I was coming out.


She got outta Dodge. I've been waiting Right with her. Whatever term, when he come to pick us up, that would've been me. You are so annoying. My optimism. Hope you choked on that water. Oh, Not die, but just choke a little bit. A little bit. Just a little bit. Oh, just little. Can't always get what you Want. Just pain a little bit, but just not die. Sometimes Things turn into never. Okay. That's Right. Sometimes later becomes never do it. Now It's gonna happen for us. There you go. We're all blessed. There you go. That's that. We know it's that's right. We know it's coming. We gonna be well being cured and prepared when it does. There you go. I just heard my friends know, please let my outfit be good and my nails be great. That's it. When that happens, be ready. That's right. Stay ready. That's right. I'm rooting for you. Envy, yest. Look.


So optimistic. I just made sure the eyelashes good. Your eye. Now you asking for too much? See, I didn't bring up, I didn't even bring that up. Yo. I promise you, when I had my wedding, you are not allowed anywhere near a microphone whatsoever. Honestly, I can't wait. Emmy, you probably can't even DJ because you're gonna have a mic and you would let him come. Let me host the we host, I'll host a reception. Emmy Dj. No, we gotta go, we gotta get outta here. You'll not turn my wedding to a love and hip hop reunion. We gotta go. He'll walk in with the exes. Uhuh gotta go. I door number Two. See Ya. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna reinforce what the pastor says when the pastor says, anybody wanna stand up?


And what did he say? Anybody wanna speak now? Hold your peace forever. Oh, forever. Hold your peace. Yes. I'm gonna say he said hide. He object to this. Speak now. Hold your peace. Jesus Christ. I feel bad for you. Have fun this week in the North Carolina A t I'm Not fun. Alright. With the host Donkey of the Day's. Up next, what we doing? Four, after the hour, I have a call to action. I wanna say rest in peace to the family of Tyreek Burton. But also we have your donkey today. So everybody that hit us up on the talkback feature that wants to call in, now's your time to shine. That's right, man. You can get on the phone lines as well. Eight hundred five eight five one oh five. When we do, when we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, you are checking out. The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne.


Some donkey Days. Just saw themselves been watching Charm. I was ready. Forkey. I never heard of Donkey other day. What is it? Comic Donkey. Say it against Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. You're a donkey. Donkey, everything. And Charlamagne. Yes. Donkey. Today for Friday, October 18th is more of a call to action. A couple of calls to action. I wanna say RIP to Ty Tyreek Burton Tyreek was 37 years old and he was fatally shot outside his own wedding. Wedding reception.


Welcome to growing up the Lingo Kids podcast where we uncover all the awesome jobs you could do when you grow up. I'm Emily and I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh, wait a second. This noise. Ah, at Winston, who always has some burning questions. What is it now, pal? Hey, Emily. Can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical. He's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks. But hey, we'll explore construction, car racing and plenty more careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids Grownup is now available on Story Button, the kid friendly device. For Screenless podcast listening, listen to grown up on story button, the iHeartRadio App Apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't want to miss. Listen, I feel very strongly I need to earn every vote, which is why I'm here having this candid conversation with you and your listeners. They tackle the big questions, politics, policy, and what's next for the country. I am running to be president for everybody, but I'm clear-eyed about the history and the disparities that exist for specific communities. And I'm not gonna shy away from that. Don't miss this in-depth interview with Charlemagne tha God and Vice President Kamala Harris, only on The. Breakfast Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, my little creeps. It's your favorite ghost host, Theresa. And guess what? Hunting is back dropping October 22nd just in time for spooky season. Now, I know you've probably been wandering the Mortal plane, wondering when I'd be back to fill your ears with deliciously unsettling stories. Well wonder no more because we've got a Ghoulishly good lineup ready for you. Let's just say things get a bit extra. We're talking spirits, demons, and the kind of supernatural chaos that'll make your Halloween season complete. You know how much I love this time of year. It's the one time I'm actually on trend. So grab your pumpkin spice dust off that Ouija board. Just don't call me unless it's urgent and tune in for new episodes every week. Remember October 22nd, the veils are thin, the stories are spooky, and your favorite ghost host is back and batter than ever. Listen to Haunting starting on October 22nd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Mike and Ian. We're the hosts of How to Do Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Each week we take your questions and find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything podcast on iHeartRadio.


Hey Friends, Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming over because I don't know. Let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've Got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air It Out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


And law enforcement has not caught the individual yet that I know of. But we need to get this man off the street. Let's go to what's the new what? What is the news? Fox eight. Let's go to Fox eight for the report please. Days after what should have been a joyful celebration, friends and family gathered to mourn a 37-year-old Tyreek Burton who was killed outside his own wedding reception. Witnesses say the shooting happened as Tyreek and his wife were preparing to leave the venue. Tyreek had briefly left to retrieve something and when he returned, family members say he was followed by a man who accused Burton of cutting him off. Moments later, the man opened fire killing Tyreek in front of his new wife. As they grieve, family and friends are looking for justice and longing for answers about the senseless act that stole Tyreek from them.


See something, say something. It's real simple. Greensboro Guilford Crime Stoppers is offering a reward for any information that leads to arrest in this case. They're asking that you contact them at 3 3 6 3 7 3 1000 in Greensboro, Elijah Skipper Fox eight News. Yeah, there's absolutely positively no reason to kill somebody because they cut you off. His brother was at his own wedding reception, left the venue for a second with his new wife. Man accuses him of cutting him off the road. The brother Tyreek apologized. He literally said, after being questioned by the suspect You know the suspect said, who was in the car? Who just passed me at the stop sign? Tyreek said, if I did, I'm sorry. Then the man opened fire killing him in front of his new wife. I want him locked up. Greensboro. I don't know who the person is, but rightfully so, the Burton family is pleading with the public to come forward with any information that human needs to get off your streets.


Greensboro, when you see something, you should say something because a person like that would absolutely kill you or someone you love in cold blood, just like they did Tyreek Burton, turn this man in. Turning this man in is not snitching. It's crime prevention. Hell, I wouldn't care if it's labeled snitching. This man has to go. Sir, we all seen the Spider-Man movies. Okay? Don't be like Peter Parker. Remember when Peter Parker was mad at the wrestling promoter because the wrestling promoter didn't pay him all his money. So when the wrestle wrestling promoter got robbed, Peter Parker could have stopped the robber, but he didn't because he was mad and felt like the wrestling promoter deserved it. But then that same robber ended up killing his Uncle Ben. Moments later that could be you. All right, if you have information that could lead to arresting the murderer of Tyreek Burton and don't say anything once again, that man is in your community after killing an innocent man at his, just because he left from, he left from his wedding reception for just a second.


Alright? I want him in handcuffs before the weekend is over. So if you have any information that might help identify the suspect, reach out and touch Greensboro Guilford Crime Stoppers. There are offering a reward for any information leading to his arrest. Okay, anyone with information? Charlemagne tha God myself, I am urging you to call Crime stoppers. Three three six three seven three 1000. Rest in peace to Tyre Burton sending healing energy to the Burton family. Let's get the person who murdered him off the street. Yeah, they was, they was saying there, there ring cameras all up and down that block. Well, we need that guy off the street. Okay, in the meantime, give that suspect who killed Tyreek Burton. The biggest he t hall. Now I promised you all that I was gonna also give you the opportunity to do your own donkeys.


That was the other call to action. So we have the hotline, 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Can we go to one of those, those calls. Red. What up? This Eddie Kane, man. Oh no. Rock, Allen, Illinois. Let's Talk back. I that We gonna get to the talk back in a second. Let's go to the calls though. Hello. Who's this? Who you wanna give donkey to, bro? What up though? This is Damien from Detroit, who you Wanna give donkey to? Damien. First of all, Starla main and envy. Both of y'all get done here today. What happens for what? The common everyday abuse of Lauren La Rose. Baby I What's your name Again? Where you from? What up from? You mean? He from the place You. know about the D Leave that woman alone.


Thank you. Let life be life period. You know what I'm saying? Like let let her find a man on her own. I just want people to know I would never introduce y'all to anybody because y'all are horrible. Exactly. And I just want people to know they make it up here. Like, I'm struggling and battling against The. World trying to find the men. The men are there. I'm just making sure I'm gonna have the right one. Y'all want me to rush into something? I don't want you to rush into nothing. Okay. I don't see this as something, nothing that You talk about the abuse. Did you hear that? Man, I love it when men can call out other men about that. All right, well, let's, let's go to abuse. Let's go to another person. Hello? Yeah. I I actually wanna go to Talkback, right? Let's go to the talkback app for everybody who went to the iHeartRadio App Search Breakfast Club podcast. Tapped the mic, recorded their, their their donkey.


I wanna go to that. Let's hear it. What up? This Eddie Kane man from Rock Island, Illinois. I'm a custodian at a college out here. I just want to get a donkey day to the students that like the white boogers on the wall speech, knock on the stall door. Fuck up, knowing some out. I gotta clean that shit up. This is fucking horrible. I just hate disgusting kids. What School is that? You know what I'm talking about? Another The Breakfast Club. Y'all stay up. That Wasn't no elementary school he was talking about. No, that Didn't sound like it. How are that This in high school or college or something? That's disgusting. Ew. Okay, let's go to another talk. Back up. Ooh, Dunking Day goes to Donald J. Trump, man for disrespect. And all my Haitian Americans out there, I'm first generations, my mother and father.


We don't eat dogs or cats. But if I could feed you one, I surely would man. And shout out to Kamala Harris. Man, we looking for, for you whooping this white boy tell in the election Salute to La Haitian. I, I agree with him, but You know if, if, if you being accused of eating them, you shouldn't feed nobody either. It's the same, same difference. My brother, this You know what I mean? Like, oh, okay. Let's take one more. Let's go to another talk back. What we got, I wanna give my donkeys today to all the black folks out here who are considering voting for Trump or voting for any Republican, knowing that since 2020 alone, there have been hundreds, hundreds of laws passed to suppress our vote.


It makes no sense that anyone would vote Republican when they're actively trying to disenfranchise us, trying to make sure that we cannot vote by doing things like gerrymandering. Closing polling centers. So it's only 30 seconds, right? Yes. We got one more. We got any more? Yeah, one more. Okay, let's take, we'll take one more, more. This is the talk back feature that we, we use and let's see it, let's hear. Donkey of the Day should go to all those idiots that can't say Kamala Harris and they keep getting her name wrong. How stupid are you or what? Kamala All right. Okay. So listen, open your iHeartRadio app, search Breakfast Club podcast, tap the mic, and you can always send us anything you want.


You can, if we solicit for Donkey today, you can send us that. If You know you just got commentary about topics that we're discussing on Breakfast Club, you can, you can do that as well. That's right. Well, that was Donkey today. Thank you Charlamagne. Now when we come back, it's Friday. So You know what that means. Freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. There we go. Oh, The music was late. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking when you're in a relationship and somebody wants to get freaky too fast, is that a red flag In a relationship or before the relationship? Well, You know when you're talking. Who in The World came up with this topic? Lauren and Mac. Lauren. Well, what you mean? Yeah. What's t What's up? You all right? No, I just asking.


Oh, because she, she's not in a relationship. I didn't say that. I said before or, or in A relationship. I'm the brother told us to lay off her. I'm not tea. I ain't, I ain't say that. So don't, that was him. Don't look at me. You said that You know what You know what You know what I want you to do, UNC. I want you to all at your age, You know you ain't gonna be here age I'm be here until 101. You gonna be here that long Down. I'm say it out loud. I'm be here to hundred one. Speak how you feel. We, we wanna hear you at the age where you earned that, right? Yes. What you wanna say right now? Nothing. Oh, okay. I was, what I was gonna say was before the relationship freaky too fast is a turnoff. So what is, what is freaky too fast is sending pictures fast. Sending, Sending pictures. Not say that, especially unsolicited. You did say that. Say it with your chest. So 800, You go to the gym every day to try to develop that chest into something.


It ain't got there yet, but I'm listen. So say it with that chest hold. Listen. You see how my eyes is that mean I'm listening? Okay. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is being too freaky. Too fast. A turn off when you're dating. Let's discuss it. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Big old freak. It's freaky Friday. God. Hey look. Where am I Freaks at? Call in now. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. It's Friday. So You know what that means.


It's freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. And the freaky, freaky, freaky Friday question comes from Lauren LaRosa and our friend Mac. And asking is too freaky. Too fast a turnoff. Yes. So let's start With you a hundred percent. So what is too freaky too fast For you? Too freaky, too fast is like, if we say for instance, we just exchanged numbers and you like, I unsolicited photos of like your private areas. So so what, what, let's say, let's say it's your first date and after the first date the guy says, send me a picture of you. Is that too freaky, too Fast? Send me a picture of you. Of me. Like what do you mean by a picture? Like he wants like a nude photo. I'm sure. I mean he could see you regular pictures on your ig. Yeah, I mean, why you want it? It depends like what was the date? Like what was we giving on the date?


First of all, this sounds like an amazing point. Oh, I would love to create this for Tubie. I can see it now. Too Freaky. Too Fast. Too fast. Too freaky. Too fast. Too freaky. Too fast. Too freaky. Tyre Tyrese in it Too fast. I mean, just because with the Red Hat and nothing Was Tyree and Ludacris because it trash and furious serious You. know what I'm saying? Fast. You said it was a porn. Yeah, but I don't want be in the porn, but it can be in it You know what I'm saying? Just to You know. Add to the whole title Of it. I started seeing Tyrese with no clothes. No, I want have, I don't want him to participate in the porn. I just want him to like be in the movie. Maybe play like the pastor that's trying to pray the freakiness out of a person because It be too fast. Yeah. Well I would say also too fa, I mean, well, and to answer your question, I think it depends on how comfortable the date was.


It, there's a lot of variables. Like this is not like a black and white thing. Okay. It's very, it depends on the situation, how, how you feel about the person or whatever. But like it be people that you don't even know, literally just exchange phone numbers with and they on some, like it's, it'd be a lot. Okay. Alright. Well let's go to the phone lines. Ah, damnit. What's up, Lovie? Oh God. Yeah. Freaky Friday. Lovie was on my TikTok live. Talking crazy. All right, so if you don't know who Lovie is, explain to the people who Lovey. He is a long time listener. Long time listener for the Bronx. From the Bronx, long time listener with a 13 inch penis. Talk that to Charlemagne. So Love you. Is freaky Only the half out. Oh, he said take the half out is freak. I know. Freaky is not a a, a problem or a concern with you in a relationship.


No, No. Respectfully, if I don't get it on the first date, it would not be a second date. Dang. What? How are you? You heard that Lauren? That's corny. That's corny. Thank you. Luby. Hello? Who's this? But you didn't ask him why. I, I But Luby's also a little bit older. Hello? That's true. That actually makes it worse. Hey, yo, What's up man? What's Up Louis? Now it says that you freaky right away. Yeah, back in the day. I'm married now, man. Happily married. Got kids. Blessed. Blessed, blessed man. But yeah, back in the day when I was like in high school, man, oh man, I used to be sending those pictures, man. Now that I look back at it, I'm like, what, what was I doing?


No more wanted to see that. Oh, embarrassing Man. What would the girls, I mean, high school is a very, is a You know you young and a little dumb. But what were the women responding to you when you were sending it? Because it, it was unsolicited. Like they didn't want them photos. I mean, we were like on the topic, but I feel like I dump the gun a little too fast sometimes. And it, in the day you felt weird about it, right? Yeah. I think like, I feel weird. Like, especially now. I feel super weird about it now. So I'm like, damn, shouldn't have done that Man. And You know the, the interesting thing about relationships, right? Like men and women know why they're going out with each other. I I, I would assume for sure, but I think men have different goals than women do. A man wants to hit a woman might actually be looking for Yeah, It depends On the person.


I off a good thing though. It depends on the person thing. I think there are women that like, even if you are looking for a boo, you can you, the minute you meet somebody You know like, okay, yeah, I know where this is going. And You know when it's gonna go. Hey Guys, can I, can I say something real quick? Go ahead. Sure. Alright, man, I've been calling all day because I've been trying to get through. One thing is I was trying to get dunky today. I I give it to the people who think that Trump did good brought ties down. 'cause it wasn't that it was a epidemic. No one was using gas because no one was driving. So gas was cheap. No one was really buying stuff, supply and demand. Everything was cheap. So people need to understand that like Trump didn't do anything. It was a pandemic that happened that made everything cheap. That's a good point. Thank you. And also, and then one, one other thing real quick and also trouble.


Man of God. Boy, you are not, you don't look like first trust nut. You look like his left nut man. That's facts. Thank you. Thank you, Louis. No, no, that's facts. Facts. He, he been, he wrote that down a, a long, long time ago. He did he for that, for that. He slapped his knee when he said that one. And, And we still, when he shot the gun, it still jerked back and fell out his hand. I I thought it was kind of funny. All right. Hello, who's this TJ from Orlando. Now tj. Now the only reason I went to you is because you said that you think Lauren, you, it says you're blind and you think Lauren is fine. Pretty much. Okay. Not me coming through the vision and ain't damn high, High, high. But I don't even know what she look like.


And I'm just like, damn. You like my voice Turn? Is it the Voice? You? know what I mean? Like, I'm an old school cat, so it's like damn. Like it's what? It's, Ooh, I know that's right. You got the blind men hollering. They Because of blind man. They, They see the vision even when they can't see the vision. Period. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. And the freaky, freaky, freaky Friday question is, is being too freaky? Too fast a turnoff. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Freaky Freaky Friday. It's freaky.


Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Hey, look where we wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club. Long la roasts. Filling in for Jess. It's Friday. So You know what that means. It is freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. And the freaky, freaky, freaky Friday question is we're asking is too freaky, too fast a turnoff. And You know we open up the phone lines, but also open up the mic. Yeah, well not the mic. You can go to talk back. You know. Go to the iHeartRadio App search for The Breakfast Club podcast. Tap the mic. Record your, your, your, your, your question or your statement, whatever it is, hit sin and your voice will be heard. Alright, well let's go to the talk back now.


Hello. Let's, let's see. Some of the people I call y'all And, I can't never get through. So to The answer to the question, yes, if somebody wants to get freaky too fast, it's a red flag. I go overboard. I be like, nah, they trying to gimme me aids. I don't know. God Dang. They trying be Freaky too fast. What? Trying to give it to me. So, yeah. Red flag. Somebody threw the red blanket on that. Damn. She said they trying to gimme age. My god. We got Eddie on the line. Eddie, good morning. Good morning man. What's going on? How y'all doing? What's up Eddie? We asking is too freaky, too fast a turnoff? Nah, I don't think it's a turnoff, but I think it goes both ways though. I think it's different for the guys and for the females.


I feel like with the guys, y'all know how guys are guys just going to go head first and do what they do. But with a female, I feel like it's a little weird. 'cause You know females don't usually jump off the ledge like that immediately. That's true. I just said, I just said that. I said men and women have different, you see what I'm saying? Intentions. Nah, you're right. Yep. Exactly. You know, A guy would just You know A guy would just hit your phone, the craziest picture outta nowhere and just deal with whatever comes with it. But a female, it's like, that's not usual for a female. So if a female jumps out the gate like that You know. That's a little funny. Is it only funny when it's a female that like you're not interested in? Seriously? Because if it's just somebody you trying to hit, You know it's not, you don't care. Right. You still gonna go forward with it.


I would say I don't care. 'cause You know I'm trying to hit him, but it's still like, like You know, like, what's going on for real? Why you, why you jumping off the ledge like that so quick. Got you. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Well thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Quiet. Nah, good morning. Do you think being too freaky too fast is a turnoff? It can be. It depends. So it depends on the setting. Now, if it's something to where we just met and that's the type of time that you coming off on yes, you're a creep. Now if we've been kicking it for a little bit and we both exchanging those mutual feelings, then maybe not. But if it's not mutual, then yes, you're a Creep. Okay. I wonder, do women take it personal when a guy is too freaky too fast?


Like, does the woman say like, who do you think I am that you can You know move on me like that? 'cause reality is, it's just him. It's the guy's problem. Not, not yours. So what's the freakiest a guy has got with you, Lauren? I got Pictures on that. I didn't wanna receive And. I was so confused. Really. First date, Not even a date. Like it just exchanged numbers. And like I, it was, I was like, whoa, And. I like blocked it. It was like weird. And it was from an older guy too. So I kind of felt like you old enough to know that? Like you gotta read the room a little bit. Like at least like, dang, you wanna ask me my favorite color first? I mean, not that Jesus, I care about yours, But they be air dropping penis picks nowadays, right? Yo, you ever been on the airplane and somebody tried to airdrop you something? I decline it all the time soon. I see. Because I be thinking I'm, As soon as I see something, I Decline.


I always think that. Yes. But yeah, they Caught me one, I They Caught you. You accepted it. And what was it? It was the, it was A penis. Pickie. Still got it. Plane. No, I don't have it no more. You gotta save right now. Info. You got me right on the plane. It was a, it was a airdrop. I don't know what I thought it was. I clicked it. Bam caught me right then and there. And then the person next to me. I don't have no You know screen protect on my You know the dog screen screen. Whoa. So they see look. Yeah. Is that where that ddo rumor came From? Probably. Oh my. No, you're right Lauren. Probably right. All the gay rumors from come such a gade. You actually did. Oh right. Do we have more of the story guys? More of the story is just read the room. I would say All now when we come back, we have past the s NLA will be back here. So we gonna kick it with nla some more.


So don't go anywhere as The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And it's time for pass the arcs. Yeah. DJ, come spin. Come spin. What's up Nyla? What's up? Good morning. How you Feeling? I'm good. How are you guys? Good. Good. Good. Big Nyla. All right. Thank you. What's up? What's up? I'm a little tired. I started doing Ladies Night Thursdays at Saint.


Okay. It's a vibe. If you guys are in the city, definitely check it out. How was it? It was lit. Blast was in there. Queen Nira was in there. People I went to college with. So Did you rock out though? Yeah, it was RB. It's easy. Okay. Okay. It's easy. Speaking of r and b, Ari Lennox is back with a new record. I'm so happy about it. And it's called Smoke. That's crazy. Drop one. The Clue Bombs for Ari Lenox. That was nuts. That was fire. Yeah. You Really an Ari Lenox fan. Baby Ari needs new everything. Knew what? She needs a new, I don't know, management team. I thought she got written team and And got a new team, New label already. He just wants to throw j Cole. She Still out. J Cole. What's This guy throw with j Cole? But then she, I thought she'd been distancing herself from them.


No, I don't think so. I think I thought she just left the tour or something like that. I messed up. I don't know any of it's dope though. All I know is Ari Got everything. Ari checks off every box that a artist could check off. She's dope. She always delivers with the music. So at some point everybody else around her needs to get on her level. That's how I feel. Well, I don't know. She's been through a few teams, so I think she's trying to figure it out. Hopefully she's Figured it out. I don't know if it actually happened, but she was asking to be dropped from Ville. Yeah, back in January, 2022. Ari's dope though. So Next we have Wizkid Wizkid and Brent Fye did a record. I'm sorry. I love Brent And. I Love Wizkid. So I was super excited to see this. It's called Peace of My Heart. That's dope. YouTube for two today, Nyla. It's cute. It's cute.


Okay. Okay. Yes. Shout out to Brent. Shout out to the whole DMV. And then last but not least, we're gonna get into OL's. New record called All That. Try one Cruise Bomb for Abso. Lemme tell you something, Ana, sorry. Those three songs you picked was Stella and You. know


Welcome to Growing Up the Lingo Kids podcast where we uncover all the awesome jobs you could do when you grow up. I'm Emily and I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh wait a second. This noise. Ah, at Winston, who always has some burning questions. What is it now, pal? Hey, Emily. Can race car drivers Go faster than jet planes? Typical, he's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks, but hey, we'll explore construction, car racing and plenty more careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids Grownup is now available on Story Button, the Kid friendly device. For Screenless podcast listening, listen to grownup on story button, the iHeartRadio App Apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't wanna miss. Listen, I feel very strongly I need to earn every vote, which is I'm why I'm here. Having this candid conversation with you and your listeners, They tackle the big questions, politics, policy, and what's next for the country. I am running to be a president for everybody, but I'm clear-eyed about the history and the disparities that exist for specific communities. And I'm not gonna shy away from that. Don't miss this in-depth interview with Charlemagne tha God and Vice President Kamala Harris, only on The, Breakfast Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there my little creeps. It's your favorite ghost host, Theresa. And guess what? Haunting is back dropping October 22nd just in time for spooky season. Now I know you've probably been wandering the Mortal plane, wondering when I'd be back to fill your ears with deliciously unsettling stories. Well wonder no more because we've got a Ghoulishly good lineup ready for you. Let's just say things get a bit extra. We're talking spirits, demons, and the kind of supernatural chaos that'll make your Halloween season complete. You know how much I love this time of year. It's the one time I'm actually on trend. So grab your pumpkin spice dust off that Ouija board. Just don't call me unless it's urgent and tune in for new episodes every week. Remember October 22nd, the veils are thin, the stories are spooky, and your favorite ghost host is back and badder than ever. Listen to Haunting starting on October 22nd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Mike and Ian. We're the hosts of How to Do Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Each Week we take your questions and find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything podcast on iHeartRadio.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I Am mate. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back Season two. Season two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, we pushed record, right? Okay. And this season we're taking in a run bigger bite Out of the most delicious food and its history, Seeing that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh, so All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century Bc bc I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My URA podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What all three of those individuals have in common talent. Okay. There's a lack of it in this business and that's why these songs be terrible. I don't want Count 'em Tidy your Vibes. Okay, so you don't, I'm so sick of you Negroes and your vibes. Okay? I want you Negroes with your talent. All those three individuals you had, you played have God gifted talent. There is a difference. Just because you can go in the studio and record doesn't mean you should go in there when God tells you to. Okay, what did you hear? 'cause she been, she comes with talent every week. No, sometimes it's just vibes. It ain't her fault. Oh, You know. It's just, Hey, I gotta play the best of what? What I'm, what I got. And what Age do Vibes vibe like go out of? 'cause like you just sounded so old. I don't think vibes have nothing to do with actual talent.


Like it like a vibe. Imagine being in the studio and somebody plays something and it's whack as hell. You can't understand the person, but everybody like they on drugs or they, there's a vibe. Yo, it's the vibe bro. Y'all is high. What? What'd they be doing? Dance. Dance. The drop voice is crazy. It's true. Got crazy. They just be high talking about, it's a vibe. All of those people you played just now had actual talent. They got things that actually say Ari was talking about Therapy You. know what I mean? Like they got things to actually say move to Ari Lennox Bread Fire as an Abso Yes. People with actual talent and whi and and Whi Kid. Oh, come on man. Yeah, people with actual talent. It's a difference. Yeah. Hopefully we get back to that. If you guys are into people with actually with actual talent, tap into my playlist as certified Vibe Or at Nyla Simone.


N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E. Click the link bio and it's available. Alright, well now let's get to the People's Choice Mix. You know we throw it back on a Friday and today is Neil's birthday. So let's start off the mix with some Neo He talented and it's the, it's The Breakfast Club. The Morning The Breakfast Club your mornings zone. Never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne tha God. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building this morning. Yes indeed. We have Axel Alonzo welcome. Thank you. How you feeling this morning? I'm typing. I'm good. You got a long week in Comic Con all weekend long and there's they expect what? Over hundreds of thousands of people there.


It's the biggest con now It's the biggest con now. Yeah. Actually you've been in the comic book business for a long time. You was the former editor in chief of Marvel Comics. What got you into the comic book world? Well, I got into the comic book world on a fluke. I, I interviewed at DC comic books for an editor position. I sent in my resume and the editor called me in and said I wanted to meet you. I said, why is this? And he says, I read an article you wrote for the Daily News about the use of the cannabis leap and hip hop culture. And I interviewed a DA agent and the editor in chief of High Times Magazine and the High Times magazine editor stole the guy's girlfriend. He had a gripe The High Times editor store. He Stole his girlfriend. Okay. The editor's. He said, I love you, you want want a job?


I said, alright. So I got into DC comic books at Vertigo. Hold on. So you got a job 'cause somebody stole somebody's girlfriend. Yeah. That's Crazy. Pretty much, yeah. He never, I mean, you were qualified, but y'all never gave I Was qualified. Yeah, but you were very Qualified. But didn't Into all that. I was over qualified. I took a big pay cut. What made You that though? 'cause you so New York Deli news, you were, were you working in a newsroom? I, I worked jobs as a, as a a freelancer. Got worked with multiple publications. Okay. And And I love comic books. I grew up reading comic books. I love them. Amazing Art form as You know. Amazing. They taught me to read And I just thought I'd have an impact. So I went, I went to Vertigo Line, which did a adult oriented material at DC comic books and had a good career there with books like Preacher and a Hundred Bullets. And then Marvel came a knocking at 2000.


And I went to them when they were in bankruptcy. And the company was in, in Dires Straits. You know I had so much fun. They gimme Spider-Man. The Hulk. What's not to like You know? Do you think comic book is is I guess a, a form that's, that's dying. And the reason I ask that as a kid, I know you're from California, but in New York, every bodega had comic books. Yeah. Every store had comic books. When I went grocery shopping with my mom, she would go get groceries, And I, go to the comic book section. So, but now I don't see it as much. It almost feel like you have, it has to be a destination spot. It has to be a Barnes and Nobles. It has to be a comic book store. Do you think it's a, it's dying. And and how do you That's A distribution problem. That's not a problem with the art form. The art form itself is inherently amazing.


It's only as limited as your imagination and your talent and your guts. So the art form is gonna evolve. There'll be more digital use of the medium. So again, for me it's a distribution problem. Like you, I met comic books. I read comic books 'cause my grandma would pick me up after school, take me to the dime store and I'd buy a comic book off the rack You know on a Friday. So it's a distribution problem. Once you solve that, there's no stopping us In the comic book market. It is projected to be a $21 billion business by 2029. Like it's still making billions of dollars. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And does digital help or hurt the reason? 'cause it You know it's complimentary. I'm still, I'm, I'm still a guy that likes to hold a paper in hand. You know what I mean? It's Complimentary. I mean, what it comes down to, like for me, I, all my music I listen to on my iPad You know my, my my phone.


I, I don't own CDs anymore. True. But with comic books I select some things I read digitally. But there's stuff I have to put on my shelf. You know, you just have to like illuminati How many my shelf How books do you have? How many comics Do you have? Me Too many. How much is too many? Just if you could just round About Oh man. Oh mean probably about 2000. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. But it's from my, when I was a kid, You know some of, Some of 'em investments then. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. That's What you tell your wife that baby these Are investments. Yeah. Yeah. Before, before we get into a WA and the Illuminati, tell 'em some of the things you did at Marvel. Some of the groundbreaking things that people will remember. Well, the thing I'm most proud of is that in 2015, I'm hip hop head.


And for me, I was just really tired of seeing lack of hip hop in comic books. When hip hop is giving so much love to the form. Like all from Green Lantern to Johnny Blaze, iron Man, you name it. Ghost Face. To see all this stuff happening in You know hip hop giving so much love to Marvel comic books and Marvel being silent I thought was inexcusable. So I did, I did the hiphop variant program where we did 128 covers that were based on classic hip hop album covers. That that span 30 years dope. Everything from like ultra magnetic, some school ED, the OG stuff to, to Future and Drake. That's dope. And, and every single cover was a, an homage to an a classic album cover done by an amazing artist.


And it just showed how many people drawing and writing comic books. You're Bobby Head hiphop when you're doing this. Not the Beatles. That's dope. Yeah. And and also too You know they used to call you a diversity superhero. You are a diversity superhero at Marvel. Marvel. And during your five years at Marvel, correct me what, what I'm wrong about You created Miss Marvel. There Were a lot of things that's involved. Yeah. Miles Morales. Miles Morales Was on my Watch. Kamala Khan. Yep. The female Black Panther. That's right. And we did that. Everyone said who wants that? Yep. Oh God, I remember seeing that. Yeah. I mean when I did the female Black Panther, people were like, what's it about? Who cares about that Now? It's a whole movie. It saved the franchise. That's right. Yeah. It saved the franchise. I mean, what's not to like about a female Black Panther?


You did a female Thor. Female Thor. Yep. Which also Black Captain America, 2000 Black Captain America. Isaiah Bradley is Black Captain America. 'cause I didn't buy the origin story of Captain America. I don't agree. I don't believe that Uncle Sam in 1940 would've experimented on White Boys. That's right. I talked with Robert. I wrote, I talked with Robert Morales, the writer. He was a journalist. He said, I agree, I'll write this. We got Kyle Baker, iconic artist to do the the series. It was about a man named Isaiah Bradley, who was the first guy who was experimented on with the Super Soldier serum. So the first Captain America was black. Now that got me death threats. I was about to ask you, what was your pushback in your life like? 'cause you early in the DEI, Tons. Tons. Yeah. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm half Mexican and my wife is Korean, so I gotta be got, Okay, so you did the Asian Hulk Amadeus show?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I did Amide show as well. My wife is Korean, so my, my nephews were amazed by that. The thing I in mind, the thing I enjoy about all your characters, all of them have made it to the TV of big screen at this point. You know Miles and Morales. We, we, we know how those movies are. They're great. The Miss Marvel is a DA Disney Plus show. Exactly. Female Thor was in the movies. You know. Sure is the Black Panther now in the movie. Amadeus Cho is coming to Marvel now. Isaiah Bradley is, and and the TV show. Captain America win the Soulja. He's gonna be in the movie. You, you Well, I feel validated. 'cause for me, I'm a young Mexican kid and I'm looking at these superheroes. Where's a Mexican superhero? Yeah, there ain't none. I liked Black Panther the most. Why? Because he had the best costume on Earth. Yep. I was disappointed when he was black.


I wanted to be Mexican. So One more thing And you signed Taana Tassi Coates. Tasi Coates to write the Black Panther series. Yeah. Reggie Hudlin before him. Yes. With Black Panther for six years. He reinvigorated the character. And then, and then Tassi Coates came on and did an amazing run as well. Axel Alonzo was a legend. Please. I want I wanted to ask, since you created a lot of these characters, do you get, I guess, equity in these characters? Like when these, 'cause like, I mean you, you created these and, and like you said, some of these characters are saving the franchise, making movies and all that. I wouldn't say I created them. I wouldn't say I created them so much as I was involved in their creation. In the case of the Black Panther, Sheri Reggie Hulin said to me, let's make things up.


Let's put Sheri in the costume. I said, I'm down, let's do this. It makes perfect sense to us to do this. It's about time we did that. S Cho was the same thing I thought. How about we have a new Hulk, optimistic, fun, not You know gloom and doom. Bruce Banner, WS Cho and thing You know we have a Korean Hulk. So for me it was a necessity. I want to see characters like myself when I was a kid. So I I can imagine people wanna see themselves. That's right. Seeing, seeing Spider-Man peel back his mask and you see an a black face. It's, it's seismic. That's Right. And how did you hook up with, with Charlamagne? I know we don't have much time 'cause we gotta we get this on now. How did you hook up with Charlamagne? Charlamagne Start talking with my partner some years ago. His interest in, in promoting black artists.


Did You ever see a tattoo? Yeah, I have not. I seen that in a picture. I think Do you have a Comic? You has a comic tattoo? I have Wolverine tattooed on my arm with a microphone in the hand. But I got it when I was 16, 17 years old. Oh, okay. So it looks terrible. It looks hard, but go ahead. I'll check it out later. Whoa. Okay. But yeah, so how did y'all get it? So y'all said this is what you wanna do and then how'd you come up with the franchise and, and Illuminati and all that other stuff and which you wanted to call It. And when I understood what Sherman's goals were, I said, I just so happen to have this amazing pitch called Black Illuminati by brand new Rose Hill filmmaker and comic book writer. That's amazing. It's about number one conspiracy theory of the day. There have been legend. I mean you see Mecca Platinum Star going like this on tv. That's right. Someone shows up in in pants with sigils on it.


P Diddy's mansion is rated. That's right. It's a conversation who's out there? It's the most enduring urban legend. This story leans hard into that and he resemblance to characters Living with dad is coincidental. Unless you don't want it to be, It may or may not be based on a true story. That's right. So when you see these DJs getting aired out by some of these executives and they look a little similar, they have names like DJ Jealousy. Don't think that it has anything to do with anybody. You know, are they fighting with baby oil? What are you talking about? Don't worry about it. You'll see if if you Baby oil, not the baby oil turns into special force field of power. I'm talking about, Oh my God, is that, is she laying in baby oil? This is the cover. Tell em about the story. Damn Baby oil.


Oh, It's a supernatural thriller. Oh, her body is tea. A young woman travels to Los Angeles after the death of her sister. The cops say the sister died of a drug overdose. Sister does not believe this is a case. She investigates and then finds out that there's a, a secret society. The snake through the quarters of power and the currency is fame fortune. They'll give you fame, fortune for a price. You don't wanna know what that price is. Mm mm You want pay it. So the sister believes her sister paid the price and she investigates. So it's a supernatural who done it. Wow. That's right. We got Deni. The, the iconic Dennis Coen is the artist founder of Milestone Comic Books and, and s kevi industry icon covered for Za pm day. You name it, these guys are legit.


Wow. What's The type San Green? My guy from South Carolina, he did the cover Art Is, isn't the name of like, is there some sort of homage to Illmatic? Right. More or less. Yeah. So yeah, ill illuminati. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the, the writer who, or the guy who created the pitch, is he just like a NAS fan or like what's the Well, I, the concept for him wasn't so much rooted in hiphop as the the conspiracy theory. Okay. He wanted to write a book about the conspiracy theory, supernatural murder mystery. Got you. Okay. And again, it has to be said in The World of hiphop outta necessity. So again, that's really where he came from. Not so much inspired by NASS or any particular artist. That's just the, the whole milieu. You know Lauren, like You know every day we wake up there's a new conspiracy theory.


You go on YouTube, people go down these rabbit holes and they talk about You know what may or may not be happening in the industry. So once again, yeah this may or may not be based on a true story. Okay. And you can go to Kickstarter right now and if you type in I-I-L-L-U-M-I-N-A-T-I or you type in Charlemagne, you can You know get a copy And we got all types of stuff. We got merchandise. You see Axel wearing the hat Still? No hat. You got the hoodies. And today you're gonna be at Comic-Con, right? What time You'll be on a panel, correct? Yes. 3 45. 3 45. We'll be in room one CO three, myself, Axel Alonzo, Dennis Cohen and the good brother Rob Markman will be moderating.


So we'll be at New York ComicCon today at 3:45 PM Room one CO three. Myself, Dennis Cohen, the good brother Axel Alonzo and Rob Markman will be moderating. So we'll see you there today. Yeah. We appreciate you for joining us. And definitely check out Ill is the name of it's just Ill or Ill Illuminati. Ill Illuminati. Ill Illuminati. Ill Illuminati. 24 hours to go. 24 hours to go. Act now. Act now. Yeah. Yes. You go to Kickstarter right now you got 24 more hours to order our copy and then when we dropping It'll, it's fulfilled within six months. Yes. Yeah. Fulfilled within six months. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Well you got a positive note for the people. Yes, I do have a positive note. The positive note is simply this, peace is the result of retraining your mind, the process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be.


That's from the great Dr. Wayne w Daya. Y'all have a great weekend Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all Finish or y'all done?


Hey I'm Emily revealing incredible jobs that are out there. Ah, here's Winston with his burning question. Emily Can race cars, top jet planes. I gotta know Classic. He's a charmer but his timing could use some work. Winston loves trucks so we'll explore construction car racing and more. Join us on growing up the Lingo Kids podcast. Inspiring you to chase all your dreams. Listen to growing up on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't wanna miss. Listen, I feel very strongly I need to earn every vote, which is I'm why I'm here. Having this candid conversation with you and your listeners. They tackle the big questions, politics, policy, and what's next for the country. I am running to be a president for everybody, but I'm clear-eyed about the history and the disparities that exist for specific communities. And I'm not gonna shy away from that. Don't miss this in-depth interview with Charlemagne tha God and Vice President Kamala Harris. Only on The. Breakfast Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, I'm Angela Rye here with my co-host, Andrew Gilli and Tiffany Cross. We know y'all are feeling anxious about the upcoming election. That's why we created Native Lamp Pod to help you cut through the noise and the nonsense. They take grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes, black voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GLP. Take action this election cycle. Vote and listen to Native Lamp Pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's always important to stay informed in our politics. But this election right here, it's crucial. This is prop host of the Hood Politics with Prop podcast. We talk about politics but in our own lingo, like pick a topic both candidates to talk about like foreign policy. Say one of your friends finna get packed out, you gonna jump in? Could be your friend had it coming. 'cause he ain't no one to stop talking. How you decide, what you going to do is foreign policy. See you been doing it This election season. We all we got, I'm gonna make sure you tapped in. Listen to the Hood Politics with Pro Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Oh hey, it's Theresa back from the Dead again. Just wanted to pop in and let You know that Haunting is back on October 22nd. Spooky season. I own spooky season. We're serving up some killer stories, literally and a few that might make you question whether you really locked the door before getting into bed. So cancel your lame Halloween plans, haunted houses, overdone candy, corn, honestly, who eats that? Your new tradition, listening to me listen to Haunting, starting on October 22nd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.