
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


piece Of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm one very dangerous obstacle. Looms large, unique is alive. Unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the up in the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season Premier Raising Canaan. Watch now. Only on Stars in the Stars app.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show.


You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, What's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, they made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. I wanna know what's the worst way they've ever bombed or have they ever performed way too drunk or high, or was there ever a time where they thought they were going to crush and they stunk it up? Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Bombing with Eric Andre.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just LAIs is out today. La la Rosa. What's up? Hey, good morning y'all. Charlamagne's running a little late and it's Friday. The weekend is here. Damnit, how you feeling? How you feeling, Lauren? I'm So happy it's Friday. Yeah, I feel like the whole week I be tired and then Friday just whew. Perk up energy. That's right. What you do yesterday? Any day? No, I went home and got ready for today. Been listening to music all night. Okay. Watching interviews. We got stuff happening today, so I was home chilling. Okay. Well, yesterday, you know, we had parent teachers meeting for, for my son Jackson, but they did it a little different.


They did a, a stem competition where they had asked the parents and family members and each table you have a competition of who could build a robot and build a arm to pick the robot up. Right. I realized last night that I wasn't that good in science because while other parents had all types of levers and things like that to actually make the robot and to pick the robot up, I couldn't figure out how to do it. So I had to use like two pieces of wood to make chopsticks Pause. And the chopsticks was able to use to, to pick up what I had to pick up. So out of I think 20 families, 22 families, we came in second. So I, you get the wood up, at least you came In second. I did. I did get the wood up, drop a ball for myself. I was very excited. That's right. I realized I was, I was very competitive.


'cause I told my younger daughters, fall back for a little bit. Let me and the older one figure this out. But we did come in second place, so salute to all the parents that had to go to parent teachers conference in the last couple of weeks. I had good time. They happy you with these parent teacher conferences? I actually like it better. A competition was a lot. It was more fun than actually sitting there and them talking about the kids. 'cause they did a little bit of both. Yeah. But it also, you know, had families together. So I thought that was pretty dope. So again, salutes everybody out there. What up, Charla? Hey man, how y'all feeling out there? Man? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's going on? It's a beautiful Friday. That's right. Do we say, we tell people our guy Kevin Hart's gonna be here this Morning? No, we're about to say that now. Okay. Kevin Hart will be joining us. That's right. He has a lot going on. He's on tour right now. He has a two part documentary film called number one on the call sheet, which premier is Friday, March 28th.


And then that's, That's on Apple tv. Yep. And then he has Little Kev, which is on BET plus right Now. Yeah. That's screaming on BET plus right now he's in Radio City Music Hall too, right? Yeah. He's New York all weekend at Radio City Music Hall. Doing his age. Ain't nothing but a number Tour. That's right. That is, I think that's what it's called. No Acting My Age. Damn. Act My age. I'm Like, wait a minute, that don't sound All right. Put a number. Like, Whoa, act my age tour. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Okay. All right, well let's get the show Crack. We got front page news. Morgan will be joining us and then get it off your chest, man. If you need to get something off your chest, something's bothering you, whatever it may be, you can get on them phone lines right now. (800) 585-1051. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess ais Charlamagne, the God we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page News. Morning Morgan. Good morning. DJ Envy, Charlamagne, the God and Lauren LaRosa. How y'all feeling? Happy Friday. Happy Friday girl. What's up? Alright, see y'all had the energy this morning. I love it. Alright, so top of the headlines. Look, there's yet another update on tariffs. Okay, let's try to keep up. Look, I know it's a lot to keep up with, but I got you. Okay. So the White House is now suspending tariffs on most goods against me, Mexico and Canada, at least until April 2nd in a post on truth social. Trump said he spoke with Mexico's president yesterday, that's Claudia Scheinbaum and added that the country won't be required to pay tariffs on anything under the United States, Mexico, and Canada Agreement.


That's the executive order that he signed at the White House yesterday. So let's hear those comments from President Trump on tariffs. This is very much about companies and countries that have ripped off this country, our country, our beloved USA, and they're not gonna be ripping us off anymore. How many more times is Trump gonna pump fake Morgan? You know, I I, I hope tariffs don't happen at all. But you know, it it this hokey pokey of I'm going to, I'm gonna put tariffs on everything and then pulling it back is getting, getting a little old, don't you think? Yes, I do. I think what happened, what had happened yesterday though, was because of that, the, the, the market, the market pretty much, you know, dropped so drastically that it, it, it got into the billionaire's pockets and was like, Hey, I'm sure somebody, you know, sent a Raven.


But the United States, Mexico and Canada Agreement, or U-S-M-C-A, which you'll probably start hearing, makes the three North American nations a free trade zone. So Trump said Claudia Scheinbaum will work with the US on securing the border commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick said that the Trump, that Trump will most likely announce a one month delay on all what he did, announce the one month delay on Canadian tariffs as well. And this of course comes as I mentioned, the Wall Street stocks have sharply lowered. Of course those tariffs will be delayed until April 2nd. So we will see what happens as a result. And most recently, of course, president Trump put an exemption on auto tariffs from the two countries. And that just happened on Wednesday.


In other news, president Trump is defending the cuts being made by the Department of Government efficiency, AKA Doge under the direction of Elon Musk. He signed an executive order and made the comments speaking from the White House saying he wants to keep good people in government. And let's take a listen to Trump comments on streamlining the government with Elon and the group are gonna be watching them. And if they can cut, it's better. And if they don't cut, then Elon will do the cutting. I want the cabinet members to keep good people. I don't wanna see a big cut where a lot of good people are cut. I want the cabinet members to keep the good people. And the people that aren't doing a good job, that are unreliable, don't show up to work, et cetera.


Those people can be cut. So he is keeping the power with the cabinet members. Basically Cut it pretty much. Yeah. You know, As he should. That's the way he's supposed to be. Yeah. So the president, of course, he asked that he does trust Elon Musk to make the right cuts. However, Elon has previously said in the cabinet meeting that Doge will make mistakes, but they will also be corrected quickly, like when they accidentally cut funding for Ebola research and PO and prevention. So yeah, a majority of young Americans disapprove Elon Musk work at heading the Department of Government Efficiency. A survey from Axios and Generation Lab found that seven in 10 between the ages of 18 and 34 say they disapprove of doer's work that includes over half of all young people surveyed who said they strongly disapprove doer's.


Efforts to cut down the federal workforce has resulted in hundreds of thousands of firings as of February 14th. And speaking of Elon Musk, you know, Nicki Mina said, starships were meant to fly. Right. Well that doesn't seem to be the case. As SpaceX's latest failed rocket launch resulted in an explosion with debris raining down on The Bahamas yesterday, Elon Musk's company launched a Starship from Texas on Thursday afternoon, which spun out of control and exploded eight minutes into its test flight. Spectators are posting fire fiery videos of debris falling from the sky into The Bahamas. And the Dominican Republic, the FAA, has briefly slowed aircraft in that area. As a result. During SpaceX's latest test flight in January, the Starship Rocket also exploded about eight minutes after takeoff.


So how Do we know it exploded? How do we know extra terrestrials from another planet didn't shoot it out the Sky? Here you go. Does it matter? No. Yes it does. Either way. The bottom line is what we gotta figure. Yeah. Like what is happening? Put Message. Whoa, whoa. Y'all are not gonna sit here and tell me it wouldn't matter on whether it exploded or if extraterrestrial shot it out the sky. Are you crazy extraterrestrials from another planet Emini here? I think either way it's alarming to me. Period. Right? Y'all are sensitized everything then extraterrestrial from another planet. I said alarming shooting things out the sky Alarming. Woo. At this point, Emini here really does. Is anything gonna surprise us at this point? I say that I mentioned that though because you guys, have you heard about K Katy Perry and Gil King being a part of this first call female? I did.


Yeah. So that is actually face, right? The Blue Origin New Shepherd Rocket, that's mission is scheduled to happen later this year in the spring. That again, so that mission, again, like I said, it schedules happen later in the spring. And that's led by Lauren Sanchez, which is a partner of Blue Origin's billionaire founder Jeff Bezos. So this is Jeff Bezos company, but you know, maybe Jeff needs to talk to Elon about, you know, the Rockets. That's his girl too. Lauren Sanchez Emini here, not Jeff. Yeah, that's his girl. Yeah. You know, I after to watch King Marett to be a part of this first all female crew to launch into space. So we will see, you know. Yeah. I don't believe they really go into space after watching. No, he's scared. You seen him fly me to the moon with Channing Tatum and Scar Johansen.


Yeah. Y'all should watch Fly Me to the Moon with Channing Tatum and College Hanson. I don't think they're really going to them more. I don't. Alright, Well that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We'll talk about what happened as a result of Al Representative Al Green's protest on the house floor during the joint session of Congress. And we'll also get into Medicaid and what's happening with that. Alright, stick Around. Well, thank you Morgan. They also said that SpaceX thing, they said, although the, the rocket did explode, it was something that came out of it that was good. The way that it landed or something like that. It was able not to land and hurt or something like that, that they was like, that was a good thing. What if that was Thanos in the black order telling y'all, steal your ass out the sky. Okay, we don't want y'all in space. Just Get outta here. All right. Alright, well everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Call us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm, I'm telling, Hey, whatcha doing man? This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? This, Yes, this is Worker P, worker P up. Get it off your Chest. Chest. I would like to say to the list, well first of all, I'd like to say good morning to the breakfast group. Morning peace Worker. Pete, what's Happening? Morning, everybody in the room.


I'd like to say as a worker or an employee of in the healthcare system, I am a sustainable employee. Employee. I work hard, my work ethic is fabulous And I hate that a supervisor and or manager would not know what you do, but yet ask you what you do or ask questions that are unnecessary. Especially when they work with you for so many years and they question you, but they won't question anybody else. Sometimes that will break your morale. Who, so I've been talking to myself. I'm on my way to work, but I said, let me call in and let the listeners know.


Don't let anyone question your ethics. There you go. You keep at work, you work with consciousness and you keep approval. Can I ask you one question? Yes. You don't think a supervisor should ask you what it is that you're you're doing or what you've done? Not Necessarily. Because if the work is getting, if you're performing your duty and you are, let's say, when you have your evaluation, they can't question, you know, your work flow or work ethic, especially when you're getting the job done. And in my situation, I'm working two different positions, two full-time positions. And I'm not getting, I'm not getting paid for the two positions.


And it's not the pay, but the respect that goes along with it. The acknowledgement. If you haven't checked on me to find out how I'm doing something or if I need help doing something or if there's a tool that you could provide me with, why would you ask me what, what I'm doing? Oh, I agree. I think all of that should be a part of the evaluation. That, that, that's why I asked the question. 'cause I think, you know, sometimes we forget that a supervisor has a job to do too. And the supervisor's job is to evaluate what you know, the, the employees are doing. But I think it has to be right. It has to consist of everything you just said, not just, you know, what are you doing? It should be, how can we help you do your job better? You know, how can we make your job easier?


I think that's what, what a lot of supervisors forget. But I also think it's checks and balances too. Like Charlamagne said, I think people have to make sure that you know, their employees are doing their job because you have a manager and your manager has a supervisor and that supervisor has to answer to the CEO and every, there's checks and balances to make sure everybody's working where you're doing your job, Linda, there might be somebody that's not doing their job and they, they gotta make sure that everybody's doing their job and make sure that their supervisor and that manager's doing their job. I I think it's, it's checks and balances in the workplace. Yes. And there is a check and balance. But the thing is, when you balance one, you not checking the other. See, that's the problem that I have. I understand. 'cause I ain't supervised myself. I manage myself because guess what?


When I leave every day from this job and the work in the healthcare industry, my consciousness is clear. I'm going far and beyond. That's what it is. Well, thank you mama. We appreciate your Calling. And I, and I'm fulfilled with that. I'm fulfilled with that. But I just had to call because I said I've been talking to myself so I had to call, get it off your chest at were you ever So when I get to work, I can continue talking to myself And be, and, and so you don't slap nobody. So we appreciate you and you have a great day at work. I understand what she's saying. I understand what she's saying. A lot of times when they do these evaluations, they don't ask how they can help you. Right. Do your job better. Right. You know, get it off Your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up whether you're mad or Black, it's time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Envy? What's up? Envy? What's Up Trav? What's going on? I'm big killer. My girl just there. What's up Jeff? No. Laura's here today. Yeah, just not in. What's up Lauren? Good morning. How you doing? My mom doing good, Charlamagne. Peace, sis. What's happening? I'm, I'm calling to talk to you Actually, Shar, it, it's something going on out here, Shar, that I gotta warn you about that I don't know if you know what's going on out Here, char, tell me about it.


Oh, so it's a disease that is, it's 40 KR in Portland in Oregon, right? What's It is the disease. We gotta chill out on each butt. Char, it's a disease that if you butt it's like killing people. Well, first of all, if I ass, I'm only one person's ass. That's my wife. That's Me. Okay. Oh, I know that's Right. Envy. Envy just gay. That's not, you know, Donald Trump won an executive order about that. He said you gonna stop being gay. Dropping a clue box to Envy man. Only, only only my wife. So I think I'm gonna be okay. But no man, you Be safe Out man. Listen, I'm trying to be safe out here at Envy. I'm trying to be safe out here, but all right, y'all have a great weekend.


Talk to y'all. What movie was I watching with somebody? This man was somebody's but oh, it wasn't a movie. It's that TV show. White Lotus on HBO Max. Y'all watch White Lot. What the hell you talking about? White Lotus is great. Y'all seen White Lotus? No, no. But I know of It though. You should watch White Lotus. This is hilarious. There's a scene where a man is in a bowl, a man's butt, like a bowl of fruit loops And you Enjoyed it and the man was standing up. It was wild. What? Hello? Who's this? Some blessings, envy. Good morning, Sean Stone. What's up bro? This morning I'm doing well, man. Good man. I can't Complain. Good, good, good. Hey, good morning, Charla man. Ron, peace tra ho. What's Happening? Yo, Charla man, just stop playing with me man. I here bro. We don't call up here if you don't want play. We like to play up here.


Okay? Good morning, Sean Stone. Don't, don't concentrate on him, bro. How you feeling? You can't Play, you can't play with the other listeners. Why you playing with me man? I Play with all the listeners. Listen, Trav just called up here too. I just want you to know that And tell him what he said. Now. Anyway. Anyway, listen. I just wanna say rest in peace to my cousin Angie Stone. You know, that's why my name is Sean Stone. 'cause we're related. You just be lying for no reason. And also I wanna make awareness. I wanna give Donkey of the Day, the two guys who killed a 5-year-old little girl in Fort Worth, Texas. No man Into that man. Talking About the young little rapper, right? Ronnie in his, in his door. Yeah. Little Ronnie like, you guys are so stupid, man.


You know what, Emini here, I have kids now and it, it's just crazy. So I don this Robinson and Jacoby Russell. You guys need to turn yourself in, man. You murder people. You need to turn yourself in. You murder this 5-year-old little girl. You need to turn yourself in. You guys are disgusting. I thought they, you guys doesn't need to be, what's up? I thought they arrested the guys yesterday. They they arrested a Donna Robinson yesterday. I think one of 'em still in a run though, right? Okay. Yeah, but the Donna Robinson got arrested yesterday in, in Texas. Well listen man, these two guys need to get dunk y today and they don't need to be a part of the black community no more. Nah, That's horrible Heinous things when y'all guys doing heinous and stupid things.


But also if you're in the streets, stop bringing your family around if you're in the street. Little Ronnie was in the street and knowing that he's in the street. He's the main reason why his daughter got killed. Man. Come on guys. Well, The streets, well, listen, I'm not, I don't know nothing about Little Ronnie, no details, so I'm not even gonna put that on that man. Man, Emini here. I checked into it. That's why I'm speaking like that, bro. Man, You don't know. I, I, I, I can't bear, I'm not going say that. You know what you're talking about bro. Bro. I am the culture. What are you talking about? I checked into it. Hey coach Shawn, Sean is just an angry man. You just an angry man for no reason. I don, I know what's going on bro? Bro, you're from Jersey. What do you mean you know what's going on? Hey, just think about it. This man just got killed with his daughter and you calling the radio station saying he was in the streets and he's the reason his daughter got killed.


I don't know that for certain, but I know if I was his family member, I wouldn't want some random ass dude named Sean Stone calling up here saying that. Regardless, Rest in peace to that brother and rest in peace. That baby girl, that young baby girl. And condolences to the family man. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? We Do Stephen A Smith might have just got a hundred m but what you Mean might, It's reported Stephen A got his money, But he also got ran on down, got ran down on by LeBron. So we going to talk about who Cares? Yeah, we gonna talk about it. I got enough for security now. Big ones too. All right, we'll get into that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. You Sound like one of Drake's owls just now. Who? Yo shit. Oh My goodness. You wanna be a owl tattoo on his ass so bad. Let's Get let, let's get to the ladies with Lauren. This guy's a jerk World Wild On The Breakfast Club. The Lauren, Lauren Osa And I got the mess. Talk to me. All right, so congratulations are in order. Stephen A Smith reportedly has inked a deal for a hundred million dollars. Drop a bond for him. Spn. Okay, Queens Get the money bond for Stephen A Smith.


Love It. Yes. So this is a, a new five year, a hundred million dollar deal contract. Jesus. And this has been confirmed with a person familiar with the matter to a few outlets. I'm currently looking at C-N-B-C-E-S-P-N did decline to comment on the contract deal. But listen, If I'm not mistaken, that makes him the highest paid personality in ES ESPN history, right? Well deserved. I can look that up. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure Stephen A Queens get the money. 20 million a year. That's pretty, I'm pretty sure that's the highest paid contract in ESPN history for a personality. He deserves all, every bit of it too. Yes, he does. Yeah, I see. Oh yeah, because right now it's listed as Joe Buck, but he only received a 75 million wait.


ESPNs professional football coverage earned 50 million per year on a five year 75 70 $5 million contract. Yeah. Love it. So that would put, I love it. That would put Stephen A over Joe Buck. So I'm a I'm from what I'm looking at. Yes, to your point, Charlamagne, He grinded it out too. Nothing was given to him. Yeah brother from Queens that worked his ass off to get that. And congratulations to Stephen A well Stephen A Emini here with all the congratulations, you know, gotta take the good with the bad. Yesterday LeBron James was seeing court side having a few words with Stephen A Smith. Now we don't have the audio of that conversation because you can't really hear it and you just would hear the background. But you can see just from what LeBron is saying, it does look like he's saying, keep my son's name out your mouth. He doesn't appear too happy at all to be talking to Stephen A and then he walks off.


But, and everybody that's picking this up, as you know, I pointed to the obvious that Stephen A has been very honest about, of course Bronny James and Bronny James playing. So let's take a listen to one of Stephen a's last takes on Bronny James, I'm really, really trying to be as respectful as I possibly can be towards LeBron James, one of the top two or three players in the history of basketball. Number two, in my eyes, I am pleading with LeBron James as a father. Stop this. We all know that Bronny James is in the NBA because of his dad. We love what we're seeing from him in the G league because that's where you belong. As you hone your skills and you get better and you legitimately earn, which I believe he has the potential to do.


I am rooting for Bronny James. But right now, bro James is averaging 0.3 points, 0.3 assist, and 0.4 rebounds. How are you doing him favors? We know that he's not ready yet. What did he say wrong? Nothing there was disrespectful. It was honest. You may not like to hear that if you are LeBron James, but it was not disrespectful in any way, shape or form. And I understand, you know, that's your son LeBron. LeBron James is also an NBA player, right? So he's going to get the same critique as other NBA players do. Maybe it was something else. 'cause that wasn't disrespectful at all. He came with facts like that wasn't disrespectful.


Is there something else that we missed? 'cause that wasn't disrespectful. Emini. Here I can understand LeBron not liking it. I He he It's the truth though. I don't care if it's the truth, But you, it's The truth. Like facts though, I can understand him not liking that is what I'm saying. When we Talked about Bronny James in here before I had mentioned that I feel like when people talk about Bronny, they keep it real cute because of LeBron James. And that's what I, And I don't watch sports all the time, but when I do see texts, it's always like, people are scared to say what Stephen A just said. So I would, I would see why LeBron could be upset about That. No, I think, I think a lot of people who said that, that they, they think that he deserves to be in a G league to hone his skills and then get up and, and hop at the NBA. I think everybody said that And I think that's what he's doing. Everybody knows Ronnie James got drafted because his daddy is LeBron James. And that's so


Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else, something much more ominous that it appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, We used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people. One minute it was there and one minute it wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here?


How goes lower from Blumhouse tv? iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew of, obviously. Mm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption and place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra, Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled in the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson as she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the searches, we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Okay? Yes. Okay, but he's not exempt from getting critique from other, from from sports media personalities. He's an NBA player. Yeah. He's not exempt from getting critique from anybody. Yeah. Sports fans. And there will be more comments, it'll happen and that's why Steven ain't got that a hundred million dollars 'cause That's right. This is what he does. So, But I can also understand LeBron pressing him over there too, because in LeBron's mind he's like, yo, you're not going to be out here killing the confidence of my son. 'cause my son going hear this. And he and, and that might mess up his confidence on the court. You Can't do that. And I, that's the only thing I don't like about This. I I think y'all missing what I'm saying. I'm not saying anybody's right or wrong in this situation. I'm just saying I understand both. Gotcha. That's the dad. Yeah. Yeah, because I think it, it's gonna kill Bronny even more for daddy to have to show up and run people down because it's like, let him handle his own.


He out there now. But you Know what? Maybe not. Maybe Bronny iss like that's what my Yeah. Pops. Yeah. But you know, he might flex that Stephen A after the fact jump at him, But you don't beat up the best, the best rebuttal. But Brony getting in the league and busting ass getting Crazy. Yeah. That's the best rebuttal. Well, congratulations to LeBron on the successful rundown and to Stephen A on that a hundred million dollars reportedly with ESPN Dropping a by with Stephen A Smith. Again. We got Time for that one. Okay, well I need, I got some audios though. It's gonna be too rushed. I think we should hold it to the next, the top of the next hour. Okay. Yeah, because we, we gonna get into tour lanes on top of the next hour. And I went through, listened to the full album that it released from behind bars and there is a few shots that he throws. There's some things to talk about. I don wanna rush through it. I wanna take my time when I gave y'all the latest.


Okay. All right. All right. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Kevin Hart will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is here as well. Let's get some front page news. What's up Morgan? Well let's get back into it. Okay. So House Representative Censured Representative Al Green, you know, the Texas Democrat who protested during Trump's speech, which led to the removal of him from the House chamber. Well, the cen passed with a party line vote of 224 to 198, making green the 28th member to receive such a rema reprimand. So let's take a listen to the house censure of Representative Al Green.


The house has resolved the representative Al Green be censure that representative Al Green forthwith present himself in the well of the House of Representatives for the pronouncement of censure. And that representative Al Green be censured. So a house CSU is an official reprimand for a member noted in their record, requiring them to stand while their misconduct is read aloud. 10 Democrats, including representative Amy Barra from California, supported the CSU alongside Republicans while Green voted present. When Green stood to hear the resolution read, he began singing We Shall Overcome along with other Democrats causing more disruptions of following the censure lawmakers from both parties shouted at each other.


So this seems to be an ongoing, how How could any Democrat vote the censure Congressman Al Green. And this is why Democrats are considered weak. Republicans would never do that to each other. Not in at all. In fact, they would, they would be celebrating a congressman or woman who disrupted, you know, the opposition. And this is why Democratic leadership is considered weak because you know, Hakeem and Jeffries and, and all of those people should have been telling folks, we not voting for no cen for Al Green Sense. Yes, you're Right. Well, yeah, Hakeem Jeffries, I'll get into his comments in a second. And he was distant. Do we have to, do we have to play any comments from Hakeem Jeffries? Because I know they, oh man, I'm sure they weak. I'm sure they watered down. I'm sure they're just copy and paste talking points from his, his his, his, his political father and mother, Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer.


Okay, you may feel that way, but let's at least give the listeners us. Let's, before we get into Hakeem Jefferies, let's bring it back to Republican James Comer who said Green's actions were unacceptable and not what the American people want. Let's hear those comments from Representative Comer To wave your cane and try to invoke a scene of violence like you're fighting and all of that. That that's just not where America wants to see our Congress behave. And people expect us to, to agree on things like reducing wasteful spending and, and trying to have peace around The World. But these are the issues where the Democrats are, are creating most of the, the chaos to try to disrupt Congress.


Did he feel that way when Joe Wilson yelled you lied? Did Obama, did he feel that way when Marjorie Taylor Greene was, you know, yelling and being disruptive at President Biden? Like, did, did he feel that way during those moments? Right. And you know, they didn't get censored. So there's that they didn't Get censored because Democrats are punks. Democrats should have sent, they should have censored them. I didn't even know you could do that. Me neither. I didn't even know. Speaking of Democrats House, minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries said, Republicans are just trying to shift attention because President Trump hasn't done what he said he would do. Let's hear those comments from Hakeem Jeffries. Donald Trump consistently promised that grocery prices were going to be lowered on day one, but costs aren't going down.


They're going up. Everything they do is a big massive distraction. I agree with the, with that because you know, a lot of people thought the whole purpose of voting for Donald Trump was he was supposed to make your life better financially. Right. So, so I I I do agree with that. But other than that Donald Trump has done everything he said he was going to do like, and those things have not been good things. But he told, he told the American people what he was gonna do and he's been doing them and that's the problem. Yeah. Well that brings me to my next point. Republicans are looking to slash trillions of dollars in spending in order to pay for President. Trump's proposed tax cuts and low income healthcare may be caught in the crossfire.


Democrats like California, Congressman Pete Aguilar, he warns that cuts to Medicaid will be devastating. Let's take a listen to his comments in regards to those cuts to Medicaid. Cuts to this program would have a ripple effect that impacts the entire healthcare system driving up costs and preventing people from getting the healthcare that they need. There is no way to make those cuts without hurting kids, parents and seniors who count on Medicaid. Medicaid ensures that our friends and neighbors in every corner of the country have access to affordable healthcare. Republicans say that the word Medicaid is not even in their budget bill. Instead it orders the congressional committee that oversees Medicaid to cut $880 billion in health funding over the next decade.


But that still needs to pass the Senate. So we'll keep you posted on that. And just the last story you guys, Trump is reportedly planning to sign an executive order that effectively shuts down the Department of Education. Now the draft order seen by the Wall Street Journal will direct education Secretary Linda McMahon to take all all steps permitted by law to facilitate the department's closure. McMahon who was confirmed as secretary on Monday, sent staffers an email calling eliminating bureaucratic bloat at the department, a momentous final mission closing the department would likely require congressional action. But McMahon said during her confirmation hearing that there are plans to get Republicans who control both chambers on board. So, you know, a a pa passing these type of measures is going to be fairly easy.


You know, being that there is a Republican majority in Congress. And guess what? Cutting the Department of Education can't act surprise because that's something he told us he was going to do on the campaign trail. Hmm. It's True. So Hakeem Jeffrey should be reminding people that there's a lot of things he said he was gonna do on the campaign trail that was gonna hurt your everyday life. And he's doing them, he don't tell people that he's not doing these things. 'cause he is Wasn't that in Project 2025 too? Yes. Oh Yeah. It's, it's, so Project 2025 seems to be like broken down now into these little executive orders and people don't seem to realize that Ev all, most of these have, have been included in that project. 25. 25. You don't mess with Hakeem, Jeff, huh?


Hmm. No, I'm, eh, I don't care for him. Okay. Emini here. This politically, I don't know him personally. No. All The, the leadership is very feckless per politically Gotcha. To me. You hope that happens? I don't think, I don't think Hakeem is the, is the person for this moment. You know what Emini here, like, you know, I think he might be a good leader. He's just not a good wartime leader. You know, And I, And I think that the Democratic party has already found organic leaders and people like Jasmine Crockett and people like a OC and people like Ayanna president. I just Don't think they stick together. I think they all have their own intentions of what they wanna do. And it just seems like if, if they were more collective and together, I think they would go a lot further. Like even with Al Green walking out and everybody just, you know, kind of just throwing him to deuces saying See you outside. It's just weird. Hakeem is just the leader in position.


Okay. That's It. Collaborate, collaborative efforts is needed. Oh, you know, I think Hakeem should be delegating duties and he, to me, he's just a leader in position only. He's not a leader. You know, in regards to, you know, the, the messaging people want to hear. There are people out here that folks will listen to. Like Jasmine Crockett, did you see Jesse Waters on Fox News? Do that whole segment about Jasmine Crockett. And he was like, yo, this is the new face of the Democratic party. Yep. And he was being sarcastic and he was like, she should run for president. But just the fact that they, they can even see that this is the person that folks are listening to. Right. That's why I just think, you know, somebody like Hakeem should be, should be really feeding his messaging through. 'cause nobody wanna hear from him. Okay. Get It off your chest. I'm just kidding.


Alright, so that's your front page news, y'all. Happy Friday. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BIN news.com. Side note, my alma mater is dropping some amazing news about me. So make sure you follow at Morgan State. Just a little tidbit. Morgan, Morgan State, did you have a choice? You didn't have a choice to go to go to any other school? I did. I did have a choice. In, in fact, when you did Morgan, I'm sorry you didn't choose the right one. Morgan State That the national treasure's named after me. I'm just saying. I'm just kidding. Alright y'all, y'all have a great Friday though. You have A go too. Alright, now when we come back, Kevin Hart will be joining us. We gonna kick it with Kevin Hart in minutes, so don't move.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building Who refuses to stop. Ladies and gentlemen, Kevin Hart. Welcome back brother. Kevin, We just won't sit down. How You feeling? Good on how you feeling? Feeling yourself? I'm feeling good man. What you feeling? Good Life is great. No complaints man. Here to talk about more, which means great is happening. Still moving, still tracking, still working, still doing the same thing but bigger. Talk to us about this new two part documentary. You got number one on the call sheet. Number one on the call sheet. Congratulations. First of all, shout out to Jamie Fox.


Man. This is a, a Jamie Fox idea that he came to me with at Heartbeat and you know, it was a concept about being the one on the call sheet and the good and bad of it. Right? He's like, you know, a lot of people experience it, but it doesn't do the same for everyone, you know. And whether it's the ego, whether it's the money, whether it's the idea of the money, whether it's the thought of my career is now about to be and it doesn't become like there's so many different concepts attached to it. I thought it was a great idea, man. You know, Fox is a brilliant mind And I said to make it real, like we gotta go out and, you know, of course tap into all our relationships. So it started off as just the idea for men.


Like we were heavy on the men's side and then we were like, yo, it's dope as if you have it to where, you know, there's a male version. And then we go and we tap into a female version as well and really just expand the conversation of success or lack thereof. And it's, it's dope to hear all these people talk about it. So I think people are gonna be blown away by hearing the good and the bad. Like everybody doesn't with the concept of it, you know, Well being number one on the call sheet. Everybody doesn't with It, man. That's ing When did, when did you become number one on the call sheet and what does it mean to be That? I've been number one for a while When first Time I like, I love it. I love it. Like I don't, I don't wanna make it very clear. I I I love it now. You never left the road. Why is the road so important to you?


Because you control it. You own it. There's nothing you do small venues, you do big venues like you do. There's nothing better than standup company. Yeah. There's no job better than the job of live entertainment, live audience, your fans, your connection, your relationship. It doesn't die. If you treat it like a plant and you forever water it, the plant is never gonna die. Right? Like, so if it can grow and you have good seasons, bad seasons, it's always gonna be there. And those fans are just gonna ride with you forever. So I'm very adamant or stand true stand up comedy. Nothing takes the place of stand up comedy. I don't give a fuck what I'm doing, the level that I'm doing at. I will go and do comedy clubs. I will come to New York for months on a time and just do a run of popups.


That's my muse. That's my stress reliever. So did you hear Damon Wayne say that he would never do standup anymore? 'cause he was like, people are too sensitive. He Said people are stupid. Whoa. Yeah. Stupid. Basically he, you know, he says anything people get offended too fast and it's like, it's just not worth the, the stress. I understand. I don't see it the same way because I don't have that level of give of, I don't wanna do the thing that I love to do because like I'm caring so much about what everybody else is thinking about what I'm doing. Like I don't, I think he meant that on a, you know how d Wayans used to be like they no limit. Like you talk about anything, but now that since the, the new trend is being offended and a lot of people are just, you know, it, It is what it is though. Like it's not going different communities. Emini here Dame is, Dame Dame is a, a legend.


Like if Dame wanted to go on stage and around Dame can do what he wants when he wants the idea of people being upset or triggered. If you're thinking about that, like then you're, you're going down a crazy spiral. I'm not doing comedy and thinking about the thought of what you think about what I'm saying. I have the things I wanna talk about. I know the direction I wanna go in. I'm not here to offend. I'm not here to aggravate or piss people off. I'm here to do my craft. Have you apologized yet To Delaware State University. For what? When you went to HBCU. You don't let it go. Come on. You know what, let it be known. Where did you go sis? She didn't, here's your spot. She didn't go. I thought I was trying to Delaware State University. There you go.


It's you mean serious. I know where Delaware State is. College serious. That's just a Delaware state. Delaware. Why would I Sean Jackson said you were sorry Huh? Emini here first of all it is. All right. But it's like smart people there too. What you mean? Whatcha talking about that? What state knows I have no ill will towards them. I love you guys, but it was a funny bit. This is a lot of s out there. You got your animated show out. Lil Kev. Yes. Talks about your life growing up.


Yes. What made you wanna do that animation style? You know, crazy. This has been a, this is a crazy development man. This is, I wanna say like seven to eight years in the making before we could actually like do it properly shots out to Scott Mills over there at BET Man for understanding like my world of want and allowing me to do it the way I wanted to do it. You know, it's an adult animation And I wanted to like flip the story of the conversation attached to the hood, right? Like everybody talks about the hood at one point of view, you know, the hood is the hood and people are like, the hood is up. It's so bad. Just a bunch of in the neighborhood. Yeah. Like, And I, And I think that there's a, there's a positive side to it. You know, there's a role that everybody plays in the hood, especially when it comes to kids, families.


Like everybody's a part of the village, everybody's raising everybody's child. Everybody is aware, everybody's in the know. Everybody's trying their best to service and need a good and even bad is happening. You know, when people find out there is an energy attached to trying to solve it and make it better. And this is a way of just flipping the conversation on the hood upside down. So it's about me, my upbringing being in the hood, but having such a high level of love for the hood, for my family and for all the people around it. And Jess Hilarious is in it. Keeping her away from Breakfast Club. Oh, come on. Just don't listen to that. I don't, yeah, that's ridiculous. I don't listen. First of all, I don thank you. I wanna make something very clear. When people say like, Kev, thank you for giving people a job. People earn a jobs like, I'm not giving thank you anything. I'm not out like, hey here Jess, here's a gift.


Like, that's Jess, that's her team. That's people working and saying, Hey, this is a good thing to possibly put Jess up for. And but can say no the process Emini here, you could say no. But when people are talented and earning things on their own, it's happening the way it's supposed to be. Appreciate I'm not in the space of know of everything and I'm handpicking people and doing like that will mean that I'm Emini here the time and the day to do that and do it and do it and do it. And that means that the people around me aren't doing what the they're supposed to do. So it's your job to like properly package and put people in places to make these projects good. And it's my job to see it at the end stage of going, wow, this is a great cast. These are great personnel, great roles. I like this, I like this configuration.


But justice earned it. Thank you. And you do take the time to pour into the next generation. You know, Druke was up here and Druke said that you gave him and Kai Sinat a bunch of movies to watch. Yeah. And told them, get your stu whatever your stupid asses is doing right now, watch these movies. Yeah. And prepare for the next level. That's Right. I like what the younger generation is doing. It's crazy. I'm saying that like, I'm, I'm really am a part of like a time of old, How old are you Now? 45. Damn. Well it doesn't look it, I did that for 19, You know, that older generation of like how we approach the business, how we approach the craft, right?


Like, And I think it's dope as to see this new generation navigate differently. Like, the comedians of today did not go and work at it the same way that we did. Like they're, they're breaking new ground. Finding ways to be the personalities first and then get to the stage after. And the way that they're engaging with their audience and the way that the audience is responding to them. I think it's dope as, and being a fan of it, I feel like it's my job now to figure out ways to like grab this personnel, win it where I can and you know, try to push 'em forward with Kai Andrus. Kai is such a monster man. I told him, I said, look man, I wanna show you guys ways to like give your audience more and ways to do more. So I came up with like with some dope ass ideas, concepts for us to rock in together, but stay true to the space of what they're doing.


So Drusky, I know he came and he was like telling you guys about the movie. I don't wanna tell y'all what it is, but it's a big, it's a big idea that we're working now. But I was like, to do it, you guys gotta educate yourself on things in this space. So it wasn't homework. I was like, understand production, understand how movies are made, understand the look and feel. I want you to be a part of the process so you can understand the process. And after you do this with me, go do it yourself. Go do it and figure out ways to, you know, do it with the other people that you're around. Alright, we got more with Kevin Hart when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's dj, JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We still kicking it with Kevin Hart. Juicy Said you actually set him up in that, in that stream with that little kid.


He said Little fat boy. He said it, it was you that actually set him up Emini here. This is ridiculous. That, that, that's, that's what he said. Emini Here. You did. You did though. You did start off started, they followed Ridiculous. Because you're the og. They follow your lead. First Of all, what, what you need to understand is where the cameras are at all times. What I said, the Drusky was in his ear. I said something in his ear. Okay. Nobody really knows what I said. He knows what I said. And then he took the liberty of gone and saying very harsh things. By the way, Emini here, you know, things that shouldn't be said. We seen you moon walk right out like you've seen Emini here. I don't wanna be around that. Okay. I've seen a lot of people get in fights. I've seen when it's about to happen, I go, I shouldn't be here. Right. I shouldn't be here. They about to start shooting. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, he's got the gun. I see it.


I'm gonna leave right now. Yeah. So I just exited the room. Right. Because I think, I think at the time I had to go to the bathroom actually. And then a lot of stuff from what I was told, a lot happened from what I was told. The kids started crying and stuff like that. And I came back And I'm like, he wasn't even around. So you didn't even see It? No. I came back And I was like, what's going on? Right. Okay. At that time, I'm the adult in the room trying to calm down. Right. Like, Hey man, what's happening? And I think all the cameras caught me saying that, which is good for me legally. So I was never attached. Juki said he felt like he could make those jokes because he's fat and y'all were teasing him all day about being fat. Oh, Juki. First of all, calling people fat is, that's aggressive. Oh, you saw the big think interview, huh? Yeah. I just want to, I don't know where Ken are.


I Just say that's, you understand That's F word. F word FF Is drusky big? Yes. Yes. Is he a little bigger? Yeah. Right. Does he have problems breathing when he walks up the steps? Yeah, of course. Of course. But, but you know, that little kid, I think was on his way to a healthy lifestyle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta support that. Right? The little kid. 'cause he was talking, I think the little kid was talking about exercising and stuff. Yeah. Which is good. And I'm, I'm always glad to just be on the positive side of conversation. That's what I'm about. That's right. You know, I'm a beacon of light joy. Kevin, at your, at, at the level of success that you are being an actor, do you still have to audition for roles or Absolutely not. Okay. So what are you talking about? Damn.


I, I'm saying because Martin Lawrence said he had said that he does Well, no, I think Martin said he had the, he pitches, he still gotta pitch projects. Oh, pitch them that. Yeah. That, that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. If he's pitching things Emini here, am I, am I really pitching things? I think I'm pitching ideas to my team. I'm more in the business of creating the things that I think best service my want and my, my direction in the business. Like when you think about the dramas, you think about all the things that I've done as serious. Like, that's been me. So true story. I was like, ah, I want to, I wanna kill somebody on camera. I think it'd be dope. And I want him found a guy that created Narcos. And I was like, yo, it'd be dope as if we can collab and talk. But we developed it and then I was like, okay, this is great.


Let's go and take this out. Like that's developing it and then going to sell it. Fight Night. That was me Will Packer and Will telling me he had to write and us saying, Hey, to do it, this can be dope as, but let's do it this way and put the right people in it. So like the, the creative side of from start to finish is where I'm playing at now. But like auditioning, I, I'm, I'm not really auditioning. I think people, if they have a project, they're like, oh, Kevin would be good for this. And I'm getting those calls, Hey, we want you to do, and then I got a decision of if I wanna do it or not. Like for instance, the Upside, that's still one of my favorite movies. You and Brian Cranston, they already saw you for that role and just called you, Hey, they said, we wanna do the remake and we see you and Brian Cranston doing this. Are you interested? And that was genius.


Absolutely. And Nicole Kidman, I was like, absolutely hands down. But it's, it's, it's coming out and having a ask not to say that I wouldn't audition. You would. Nah. No, He wouldn't. I was about to say, I'm trying, I'm trying to clean it up. I was trying to clean it up. I was trying to, because got cameras there. I just wanted to look in and make you just look like I'm willing to do. We, I'm not What about like social media backlash? Because everybody, for whatever reason was highly upset when you hosted NBA Allstar weekend, there was a, a sector, a section of the internet that was acting like They were, you know, you know what, what do, what energy do you give that? Right. I'm a partner to the NBA. Like I understand what that means. I'm not, I'm not coming on to be Kevin Hart and have funny moments to the NBA.


The NBA has been a servicing aid to my career for over 15 years. Like, you go back and you'll look at how much I've been on N-B-A-T-N-T and All Star Weekend Celebrity weekends, all these events like this. You're not looking, it's, it's almost host adjacent. Right. Like the personalities that we lean on because we're familiar with family and we know how they work. That's what that is. So the All star, I'm not going to the All Star game to try to create a big moment for me. I'm there because the energy of the All-Star game comes with Chuck, Ernie, Kenny, myself, Shaq, like, we've been doing this for years. Like just talking and playing with each one another bantering on camera. That's not an easy thing to do.


They make it look easy. They make it look great. That's not an easy thing to, especially between you and Shaq's, that seems very easy. That's not an easy thing to do. Like that chemistry, that rapport, it comes from like having a real understanding for how TV works. So you can't just throw new things in there because it gets weird. People don't understand the times. People don't understand the cuts. How much time you gotta go cut back to the game. They're trying to do so much new. They're trying to discover it. So why they're trying to figure it out. Here's personalities that we can lean on so at least we don't have dead space or dull moments on camera. That's what that is. So when you understand the technicality behind it, then you, you understand my involvement. I don't, I don't feed into the other, like I know why I'm there. Partnership. Do you ever tell Shaq to like really back up off you because he be kind of sexually assaulting you in a little bit?


What? Shaq? Shaq? Yeah. Plus, come on Emini here just a little. What? There's, there's only one time with Shaq's. Done some crazy now. Okay. Where I was uncomfortable And what was it Real husbands when he, that whole thing that's on the internet that they Oh yeah. Yeah. That wasn't scripted, right? No, it wasn't scripted. I bet it was, it was a moment when, honestly, I'm be rude with you. I couldn't do nothing about it. Like I Yeah. They got a cut. Right. This is, you know, this is before, this is before I put a little size on not to say that I could do something to Shaq, but I didn't, you know, it was a very frail version to me. And you know, it was, this is when Shaq was like, when they were like, just talking about Shaq being a cop and he really was a cop. We think it would be funny as Shaq pulled me over on real hubs of Hollywood and you know, like Shaq is like basically about to arrest me.


You know, everybody can improv. Say what he did to you. You, I'm not going. I don't even That's crazy. They kept rolling. They kept rolling. You don't even have to say this. We're not even gonna discuss it. For People who haven't seen it Real realize is a great show. You Should watch it. It's a great show, but it's not online. Yeah. But what we're not gonna do is make it theme like something this show. So what he, what he did was he grabbed me when I got out the car and he just tried to get a little physical. Right. He was like, pat you down. Yeah. But this is like, like everybody doesn't improv the same comedy. Yeah. It was crazy. Comedy is a art. Like, you ever see comedians when they try to like improv and some of 'em go too far or they don't know when to stop. Right. You like, Hey man, we gotta end the scene. Like, you, you can't go over. I like, oh yeah, well your mama, you like, well my mom, you can't bring up moms because you don't know who our moms are in this scene.


It's like, I just Googled it. Yeah. And it says hashtag pause of the week. Hey, yo, nah, Shaq, you Straighted violated Kevin Hart. You literally took that man to Pound Town. Did It. Well this is, this is what you're doing is ridiculous. That's Like, have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else? Something much more ominous that appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like mysterious lights hovering above your home.


Drones. Or are they, we Used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people. One minute it was there and one minute it wasn't. Oh, that is beyond on creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes. Absolutely.


Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst. As he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew, obviously. Mm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex.


And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra,


Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing Herein.


Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last


listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day.


One podcast, one mission, save our girls. Join the search as we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls.


Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


That's actually nuts. Nuts. Nah, that's nuts. That's nuts. He, he grabbed me, he grabbed me, throws me over the, over the car. The car. And he, and he like, turned you around. He starts humping me. So I'm like, I remember he turned you around. Bitch you over. Well, that's did, but you have to at Kevin's face and Just say, you could tell, lemme tell you what I could tell Charlemagne is, Charlemagne is a perfect, like he is. He's a nasty man. He And I like, in this brief time, I just found out a lot about him, by the way. He starts describing stuff. He very graphic, nasty man. I just told you, I'm just describing what Shaq did to you. No, he grabbed me and he throws me over the car. He's like, you don't know what I can do. He's, he starts humping me. I remember Ralph about rest of the episode, And I remember I looked at Ralph, I'm like, Hey, did y'all, did y'all, man, is it Big Pages?


Did something happen? Right? And they was like, they were like, all right. Nobody wanted to say Shaq. They was like, alright, we got it. So let's just, let's just move on. We just, we just moved on. Did y'all talk about it after? No. We ain't even address it. We, I was like, man, Just say everybody. Just shut up. I Tried to get you again. Allstar weekend. Weekend. Everybody just shut up. No, don't. Did you get triggered a little bit? I saw you. He was creeping up behind you. No, that, That's a very young, I'm, I'm older and I'm, I'm in a much more controlling state in my, in my life where I, you know, I would say something to Sha, you know, don't do that. Don't kidding. No. Hey, you gotta stop it. Right? Like, firm. Stop that.


Right. But in that moment, that was Shaq trying to be funny. That's my, that's my shout out to the big dummy himself. Shaq all, we got more with Kevin Hart. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is C dj, J nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Kevin Hart. Charlemagne, I, I wanna go back to number one on the call sheet. 'cause Sterling K Brown did an interview where he said that people wanted to put him number one in the call sheets, but he was superstitious about it because he'd been successful enough not being number one. So he was okay with being number two. What, what do you think of that? I don't, I don't mind that, you know what Emini here, as somebody that's been there, when, when, when you're there and you've, you've experienced whatever the conversation attached to it is, it's not the same level of important, right?


Like, it's, it's not important. Like I was joking about earlier about the idea of number one call sheet, but it's not that important to me. I don't, I don't give a fuck. I don't, I don't care about top billing. I don't need my name to be first. I don't need my name to be the biggest when they first put the movie or the TV show out. Like, if that's more important to you, I'm like, all right, let him get it. So when you in the Rock do a movie who's number one on the call sheet, I let, I let him get it. But he's DJ's an as. Damn. Yeah. He's an ass. Jesus. You let him get it. I'm joking. Yeah, no DJ by the way. He trumps me every time. What do you mean? It's not even conversation. I don't even, I don't even bring it up. No, you're number one on this, right? What is it? Because the box office numbers, like how do they, I think he deserves to be number one when we do the project.


He's a international superstar. Gotcha. Not to say that I don't have international success, but I don't think that we're equal in that regard. I think that his movies have performed and done crazy business internationally. And when we do projects that we want to appeal to The World, you should be verse I'm coming in and I'm, I'm on that train with you. I'm adding value to it, but I'm not bumped by you being first. We put an amazing cast together to help us get those audiences when we do. But I, I don't, I don't feel any type of way about that. I think he deserves it and he should have it. Congratulations too, man. You got, it was announced that Heartbeat isn't working with the faces. Yes.


Heartbeat Is to be the official cultural curator to provide entertainment and live experiences for fans in the Indianapolis community. Yes. First of all, what does that look like? It's a opportunity for our company, right? Like you're, our company is a creative engine for any resource that allows us to be right? Like we are a business. So our business thrives when we can implement ourselves in places to create or elevate a brand, a company, an entity, an activation, whether it be live entertainment, storytelling, et cetera. Indiana with the Pacers and the Fever have an attraction coming. I think they have an all star coming up, but it's more about, they're like, look, we're looking for ways to expand and elevate what we've done.


They spent a lot of money on a new facility. Hmm. They have a team that's thriving, A younger team, the fever or thriving with Star Power Clark, et cetera. Like, you're like, like how do we elevate, how can we better tell our story? And I'm like, that's what we do. I'm looking to be a better partner for the NBA. How do we better tell stories for your brand? How do we better promote and market you? How can we amplify or activate differently? Like, these are words in the business that companies desperately want to hear from potential partners. Well, heartbeat call Mike Epps To do. Absolutely. I told Mike that when he was there. I said, knowing Kevin, he's gonna call you to do something. Absolutely. Me and me and Mike's relationship now is he said, y'all good.


Is we are, we're 10 times back. It took a long time to get to where we are now, but I'm, I'm happy at the, the road of like dumb because it got us to a place of real grown man. And we not, we are not doing the, the dumb like tweets and no more. Like, Mike, call me, I'm calling you. And we, we talk. So, you know, when I did, Mike was the first one we got on the phone. We had a conversation, and me and Mike are, are very much on the same page. And I think, you know, a lot of the disconnect was from Assumption. That's the realization that came about. But I have no ill will no beef towards anybody. Damn Sure. Not Mike. And you know, right now the priority between me and Mike are figuring out the thing that we're gonna do together.


And you know, I told Mike like, it's a, it's a real thing. Like we've haven't done it because of this disconnect in our relationship. We've never been on screen together. We did real husbands together in the beginning. Mike did an episode and that's the only time where we've ever jousted it on camera. And I was like, at this point in our career, like we're, we're not nobody but ourselves. So, you know, how do we make it work? And he's like, yeah, Kev. Like how do we make it work? And it's a, it's a mutual understanding. And I think now having that as a priority, his fans will be happy. My fans I think would be happy. And I think it'd be dope for the culture when we do it. Yeah. Where is that version of Harlem Knights for this era? It's where all the comedians come together. Hard. It's hard to happen because the idea of it being just one is what people can't let go of what you mean.


Like there doesn't have to be just one star. But Harlem Knight wasn't just one star, but that's why I worked, that's why I worked. Richard didn't give a fuck about Eddie. Eddie didn't give a fuck about Richard. They, the two biggest comedians minus the bullshit. The only person that was missing that should have been in that Cosby in some degree. Right. A showing of him. But they had Red Fox, Robin Harris. Like if you go and you look at the names Ella Reese, like you, you look at the names and the people in Harlem Nights. Yeah. You look at a conglomerate cast of hard hitting comics of color. We don't have that to date. Mm. And even when it comes to like the younger comics, man, I I, it is been a, a few of, like DC Young Fly has countless scripts that he has and he's trying to get all of us like in this generation to come, but egos and, and nah.


What she gonna be getting and who gonna be the main character? Ah, I ain't working with her. Or how he, you know what, Emini here. So it's The problem with the, with the younger generation of comics, man I made money so fast. Good money, not a little money. They made money so fast. Hell definitely idea of doing that for that. I ain't doing, I'm over here getting, it's like the idea barely to come here now. Emini here. Absolutely. Just, just, yeah. Absolutely. Just made money. Still making money. Right? Like just understands that road money. That road money is a different type of money. These comics or new comics, influencers turn com are making real money. So until you get to a point where you understand the money isn't going to drive your next stage of success.


If your next stage of success or want for success is attached to IP projects, whatever, you cannot do it by yourself. You gotta tap in. That's what people are afraid to do. And they're afraid to do it. Especially in our culture because we feel like there can only be one. And that younger mindset in this business today is a cash driven mind. The money will come. I'm telling you, the money will come. The ideas don't, the relationships and the partnerships don't. There you go. That's the difference. Emini here. I don't want Kevin, mother heart man, that's I'm saying. Great, appreciate you Kev. Lil Kev. I'm excited about it. Adult animation, BET plus. Once again, shout out to BET, shout out to my amazing team and heartbeat, man.


This is a piece of IP that I worked on for a long time and to have it finally come to light is dope. As it's funny, as it's raw, it's edgy, it's a true testament to my mom and dad who aren't here. So RIP to the hearts upstairs and maybe downstairs, you know, my dad, they say he could be man could stop. I don know. They say I don't know. So you know, just in the middle. My dad in the middle s Right. Shout out to Pops wherever you are, wherever you walk. Yeah. I don know. I don't know what side, but you, this is a, you don't wanna assume. I don't wanna assume. No I don't wanna assume. I don't wanna say if God ever closed the door. My dad might have been on the outside, but it's a testament to them. So I can't wait for you guys to enjoy BT Plus watch it, lock it in.


Number one on the call sheet. Shout out to Fox, lock it in. And you're at Radio City Music. All, all weekend's, right? Tonight, Friday and Sunday. Sunday. That's it. I'm done. Alright. That's it. It's The Breakfast Club, it's Kevin Lord. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren World on The Breakfast Club. She's the With Lauren. Lauren, I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. Okay, so the awaited Tory Lane's album from Behind Bars is here, it's called Peterson. It's 20 records. And again, this is all music that he recorded while locked up. Now the album talks about a lot over the 20 records.


So he talks about, you know, girls not holding him down, friends not holding him down, financial issues while still having to pay bills, pay lawyer fees, all that stuff. That's prison. Right. Max B is on one of the intros talking about, yo, I'm probably gonna make it home before you, but if I make it home first, don't worry, I'm I got you, I'm gonna hold you down. But he does get into, And I didn't think this was smart, but we're talking about it, the me thee stallion things a few times while on, while in on this album. So he has a song called Verdict. I'll get the full name but it's, it's Verdict is in the title of the song. Yeah. So Sean Holly was is an attorney, right? He, yeah, Sean Holly is is a very famous woman attorney out of la. So what happened was a while back, Tory Lanes had filed a complaint with the ethics committee basically saying that his attorney, who was his attorney and then decided not to work with him anymore, Sean Holly had failed to let him know that she had a relationship with the other side, with Jay-Z, ROC Nation, whatever the reason that they came about, Tory alleged that because of the show Reasonable Doubt, which is loosely based on Sean Holly's Li Sean Holly's life, she works on the show as well.


There are a few Me Thee Stallion song. Yeah. Me Thee Stallion song and you know, just different songs and, and episode titles that are in relation to Rock Nation. He's basically saying like she has this whole relationship with Jay-Z behind the scenes that she never disclosed to him and he paid her to be his attorney and he feels like she was basically setting him up. That's what she was alleging. Now at the time when that came out, Shawn Holly did release a statement and she said to me that she has never had business size with Roc Nation. Roc Nation Nation has nothing to do with the show. Reasonable doubt. She does co-produce it. And she said that actually Tory Lane had made these claims over a year ago to the state bar, which then re rejected them and promptly closed the matter. But obviously Tory's still in his fields about that and mentions it there.


And also directly you got, he directly mentions Megan now in the inconclusive thing that he talks about, which is when there were these reports that re released that Tory Lane's DNA was not found on the gun, that shot Meg Thee stallion. Now inconclusive means that there wasn't enough evidence to say his DNA was on it, but there wasn't enough to exclude him from that as well too. So it was like kind of up in a limbo. However, his DNA wasn't found on the magazine, which I don't think that his attorneys leaned in deep enough to, but hey, we're here now. So that's what he's referring to in notes in that record. Right. But then he also drops another record called My Shayla talking about being taken away from his kid. Let's now listen, I tell earlier that I don't think it was smart for him to put certain things on this album.


Specifically talking about the mag, the stallion stuff. This mention of the restraining order, that restraining order that Meg thee stallion was granted not too long ago. Actually we reported on it up here. It makes it where Tory is forbidden from harassing, intimidating, threatening, or disturbing the piece of me thee stallion by any, by any means, by phone or electronically. Now, Tory's attorneys did argue that that was against his right to free speech. But clearly the A judge disagreed. The reason why I said I don't think that it's smart is because anybody can argue that this is gonna disturb her piece. Because now the conversation we're having is about did Meg tell the truth or did she not? Did Tory shoot Meg or did he not? Like that's been her whole argument, you know, this whole time.


So I didn't think it was smart, but it's there. But outside of these two records, the project is amazing. Tory does great music all the time. He's flowing. Flowing. Yep. He also talks about when he comes back out, you know what he's gonna do and he does make mention somebody else he wants free on back outside. Let's take a listen to him on Diddy. Yeah. I don't know what that was about, but that other song you played, what was it called? Verdicts, what was it called? Verdicts and lawyer fees or something. Verdict day. And the lawyer fee Inter interlude. 'cause it goes into a song called Lawyer Fees. Here's My thing with people. Right? Why did they wait until after the fact to start talking? Like take the stand. Like I don't care what you say in interviews after the fact. I don't care about what you say in your records after the fact when you fighting for your freedom, take your ass to on the stand and say whatever you need to say then.


Well, I don't know if he had that opportunity. 'cause a lot of times he did, He opted not to take the stand. But The reason I say that is a lot of times your attorney tells you you shouldn't. Yeah, He, no, he opted not to take the stand. Well, Emini here, so what was reported was that he chose not to testify because his lawyers advised him not to. Yeah. But I don't know. But, but, but, and there also are reports that he regretted doing that also. Exactly. Because you going go after the fact. You and every interview telling people what happened after the fact. You all in the records telling people what, what happened. Why wouldn't you take the stand? Yeah. But when you're in a court of law and you're a lawyer and you pay for a lawyer that does this for a living and they tell you you shouldn't take the stand and you don't take the stand and you lose it and you say, damn, I should have took the stand. These are the things I should have said. Happens all the time. 'cause you listen to your attorney, if you have an accountant, you listen to your accountant. If you have somebody that's a financial advisor, you listen to that advisor.


'cause you're paying them for their minds, for the things that they do for their education. Yeah. And they actually, so I think, you know, 'cause he had switched legal teams a couple times throughout this trial. At one point when he got a, you know, he changed legal teams, he actually tried to file something basically saying that he was kind of like, the words are impermissibly chilled into not taking the stand. So I think he was trying to get his shot back. I don't know. But no shot back. That's a long term using this. Well, But what, what, what would his punishment, excuse me, what would his punishment be for keep saying Megan, although she, she has a restraining order. What is the punishment for that? There can be several charges. It just depends on what she claims is happening to her. Like, you know what, Emini here, like, I don't, I don't know the exact charge that they would try lean into, but it's just the possibility of it.


I wouldn't even play with that. If I'm fighting. Tori is still fighting to come home. Hey man, fighting a pill. You can't shut niggas up. It's impossible. Okay. Right. The white man been trying for years. It hasn't happened yet. All right. Okay. Well, I'm gonna tell you something else. I can't tell you how much I don't care. I, I am so tired of hearing about this story. You are. Oh my God. You've been talking about this story for 10 years. I understand talking about it years because he's still dealing with it. You know, Megan's gonna be traumatized by it forever. But I'm just saying, me personally, I don't care. All right. God bless 'em all. Okay, Well Emini here. Phenomenal project though. Yeah, definitely was a good project. You should listen though. The music is good, Eric. A couple of joints though. We Emini here. Tory's always been dope. He's, he's been an amazing artist, rapping singer. So, well, we'll see what happens from there.


Good luck with tutorial. He was trying to call in I know a couple days ago, but, And we've actually been talking about this for five years. Wow. Here Y'all some crazy. You know what, man? Hey white man. Wrap it up. I'm ready with you. We ready? Whatcha doing man? What executive order do we need to You need to wrap it up with these Wrap up. Everything. Some of them. Some of them got to go. I'm with you. You talking about executive order? Some Of them got to get cuts. I got to Goran. Just say he went to Lane's pardoning by Trump. Who? Who? Prize. Isn't prize luck. I'm tired it. No, He trying. Yep. Did prize get his parting yet? Nope. I'll be back with y'all Monday, man. Right now. I ain't with y'all. Where you going? Okay. I need break. Y'all are, y'all are ridiculous. Just ridiculous human beings.


Well, who you Giving your doggy to, man? Four, two young niggas. AERs Robinson and Jacoby Russell need to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with them. Jacoby, as far as I know, still on the run. Hopefully they catch him in the next few hours. All right, well we'll get to that Nexus, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Better be a ass Charlamagne. Some donkey days. Just saw Themselves have been watching Charla. Man. What's ready for you? Donkey? Donkey. I never heard old Donkey other day. What is it? Tommy Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yeah, you are a donkey. Donkey everything. And Charlamagne Donkey today for Friday, March 7th goes the 24-year-old AERs Robinson and 21-year-old Jacoby Russell.


I really hate to do this story on a Friday, but if not now, when those two yins or the suspects in custody wanted for the Forest Hill murder of a 30-year-old man named Ronnie Sibley and his five-year-old daughter, Roman Sibley. Well one of 'em is in custody. I think Adonis is in custody. I don't know if both of 'em are, but let's go to Fox four news for the report please. Two capital murder suspects are now identified and subjects of a manhunt, they're Scared, they're cowards, they're hiding. They are 24-year-old Adonis Robinson and 21-year-old Jacoby Russell, both of Fort Worth investigators say the two are the gunman captured by surveillance cameras at a car wash Monday during the ambush and double murder of music.


Rap artist Ronnie Sibley and his five-year-old daughter Armani. We Have public enemy number one, Adonis Robinson, who is also a registered sex offender. Public enemy number two, Jacoby Russell, who's on the run. Yes. Adonis Robinson is in custody. Jacoby Russell is on the run at this point. I don't even know what can be said. What can I say on this radio this morning that has never been said before? And the answer is absolutely nothing. What do I tell y'all all the time? If you're paying attention to your Uncle Sharla, I tell you all the time that every day of our lives, all we are trying to do is avoid crazy, the crazy that exists within us. Okay? Right here. All right.


We try to avoid that. Okay? That's why. That's why I wake up And I prayed And I meditate And I read my daily affirmations. I set my intentions for the day, And I do my best to contain the crazy that exists in this head of mind. Okay? That's why I thank God for therapy and all the mindfulness mechanisms I use on a daily, weekly basis to avoid crazy. But see, that's the crazy. You can somewhat contain the crazy of other people, is completely outta your control. There is nothing that Brother Ronnie could have done to prevent whatever was going on in the minds of Adonis Robinson and Jacoby Russell. That's the type of crazy that we hope to avoid every day. But sometimes that crazy finds you. And that's what happened in this situation. Police say a motive for the killing is unclear, but does a motive even matter?


There is not a motive you could tell me that would justify this man and his 5-year-old daughter being shot and killed. There is nothing that would even make sense for me. Okay? I can hear both of these brothers now saying, I didn't know his daughter was in the car. Or maybe they knew his daughter was in the car and didn't care either way. It don't matter. She's a 5-year-old girl who was just spending some time with her father. In fact, family spokesperson Bishop Rodney McIntosh said the 5-year-old girl was just, just dropped off to her father at the car wash minutes before the deadly gunfire. I don't have anything for y'all this morning. I was born in 1,978 and there's nothing I can say on this radio today that hasn't already been said a million times in my 46 years of existence.


Okay? It's a cycle of violence that I don't know where it began, And I don't know when or if it's ever going to end. Okay? Police have not said how the suspects knew Ronnie, but they said the music industry is part of the investigation. The music industry really. The music industry guns. I have to tell you though, the music industry doesn't kill people. Okay? And guns don't kill people, okay? People in the music industry kill people and people with guns kill people. The moral of the story is, I understand all the external factors that push people to do certain things, but what about the internal? Okay? At certain times, I don't want to hear about anything else. I want to look at young men like Adonis and Jacoby and say, Hey, this is your fault.


Okay? Destiny is not a matter of chance. It's a matter of choice. And you two made a very, very, very poor choice that led to a 30-year-old man and his 5-year-old daughter getting killed. Now, Adonis is in custody. Jacoby as of right now from what I'm seeing, is still on the run. But where you going? Jacoby Russell. Okay? Stop prolonging the inevitable. You're going to prison forever and that prison sentence you're going to get was earned. And that's why the judge gonna give it to you. The World is just an exhausting place, okay? And we as a people got so much to deal with. But you know, one thing I wish we didn't have to fear each other, okay? There is a lot of opposition. We as men, black men have to deal with on a daily basis.


And I wish I could scratch each other off that list. I'm not your op. I don't want you to be mine either. Can you imagine if we lived in a world that no matter what else was going on, no matter what other issues we had to deal with, we didn't have to worry about each other. Wouldn't that be nice? There is three black men gone because of this situation. And one young princess who won't get the opportunity to grow into a queen, so many families ruin forever. So much trauma that's gonna take generations to heal because of the poor choices of two young niggas. That's all I got. Because the reality is I feel like I'm wasting my breath. Please let Remy ma give Adonis Robinson and Jacoby Russell the biggest Heehaw, Heehaw Heehaw.


You stupid mother. Are you dumb? So stupid, So sad. Did y'all see that video of his daughter's friend from school? I guess Ronnie had came and did like a Valentine's Day celebration with his daughter in school and one of the little girl's dad didn't show up, so he like celebrated with them and she made a video. Her mom posted it and was just like, I missed you in school today. And was like giving a camera hug 'cause she didn't come to school. Wow. Yeah. It's so sad. Little baby. It's a little baby. All Right, well thank you for that donkey of the day. Now, when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're asking, what are your thoughts? All right, now there's an NYPD detective right now. People are mad at her right now.


This is because she put out a pole dancing video. Now, let me explain. Now, she's A-N-Y-P-D. She's been on the force for seven years. She's a seven year veteran. Her name is Melissa Mercado. She's a detective, but I guess she also appeared in The World Star video. Now, while she was in this World Star video, she was wearing a thong. She was on a strip pole, she was wearing a skimpy bra. She had no police paraphernalia on. She wasn't on police time. This was after or at off The clock. And people are mad about that. One thing about The Breakfast Club, we make hard left with no warning. Emini, here you be. We be driving 80 miles per hour. We don't even attempt to slow down to get off the exit. Exit just, you gotta get where you, what the hell just happened?


You gotta get Where you going sometimes Emini here. Jesus. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It was trending yesterday. People were talking about it yesterday. It was in the New York Post this morning. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? So the cop busting it wide open. Oh, do You see the video Show Young? I'm show you the video Show. Envy's doing her favor of making it very like, oh, she was in the video. She's doing a little dancey dance. No, baby girl had a career before that. That cops, okay, What are you waiting on? I need to see for journalistic purposes. Show him right now as I break it down again. Okay. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 Again, police officer, detective, seven year veteran. She's on a special department, special victims unit. People are upset because this video is going viral.


She's wearing the thong. She's busting it open. But this is she's, this is after The clock that she's not on The clock. She's not wearing any NYPD paraphernalia. I guess somebody seen it and was like, that's, that's Melissa. That's Melissa. But we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5.


Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else? Something much more ominous that it appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road. Or look like mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, We used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people. One minute it was there and one minute It wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv. iHeartPodcasts


An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst. As he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew of. Obviously, pillow Talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say, God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


This Is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from Broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca. Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the searches. We explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


One. What are your thoughts? Some people saying that she should be fired. Some people saying that's her business, not anybody else's business. Charlemagne's watching it right now. Charlemagne, That's her business. What is? That's her business. That's all you got. I'm just looking, what is that starch? I don't know. It's a video. Oh, it's a music video. It's a rapper's music video. Yeah, she's In the, she's the main video. She handled that poem very well. Well, they should be paying the police officers more than, she wouldn't have to do things like that. You know, in her off time. No pay, pay the police officers more. Allegedly her salary's $144,000. That's in the paper too. And we'll discuss when we come back. 805 85 Like a rich freak. What? Five's The Breakfast Club. What's going The Breakfast Club Daddy calling my Man.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's the JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about New York Police Department Officer. Her name is, let me, let me find out her name. Lemme do it right. Her name is Melissa Mecado. She's a seven year veteran of the NYPD. She does the Special Victims unit. Now people are upset with her because she's in a video. She, I guess the artist's name, I think it's Esquire sq, I don't, I don't know. Hi his, I don't know his name, but she's in this guy's music video and she's wearing a thong.


She's dancing. She's gyrating. She's humping. She's doing all that in the video. Right? The video. It is called, it's Esquire's doing that music video. That's Right. And people are mad because she's A-N-Y-P-D. Now, let me Just say this. She's not wearing any NYPD paraphernalia. No hat, no Sergeant. You don't even know she's a police officer at all in the video. Right. She's not doing it on, on The clock. So she's not like on the job doing it. She's something that she's probably doing after hours and people are mad and saying that she shouldn't be doing it. What are your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What you think? I think that I, I get the backlash. Like she shouldn't have done it. I think when it's certain jobs that when you say yes to it, it transcends into your personal life.


Like when I was com not, I'm not, it wasn't a police officer, but I know there was a flight attendant who recently got fired, but she was on the plane, but she was On the plane wearing the Alaska, Alaska Air Airlines uniform. When I worked for Delta, they made it very clear in uniform or outta uniform, your conduct and what you do can potentially inflict like ruin or mess up your job. Because we have a certain standard that we upkeep. Even when you, when I was flying just as a regular passenger on a flight that I am not working, if I was to get crazy, Dan do anything insane, crazy, they would come to me. It's crazy because If you think about it's, she's wearing, she's wearing clothes, well not clothes, but she's wearing a a, a a thumb. Yes, she's wearing a bra. Yes, she's dancing and, and twerking. She's not naked. She's not doing anything illegal.


And this is not on The clock. You know, I, this is after hours. She should be able to do what she wants. I'm with all the bs your body look good, show it, do your thing. But as a police officer, it's certain roles that you decide to take. Like I wouldn't wanna see a kindergarten teacher doing that either. Like there's certain things that, like you just know kindergarten sign up For how fine is the kindergarten teacher. But, but kindergarten teacher, You said how fine, how Fine is she? Kindergarten teachers are dealing with kids though. It's still, she's dealing with art. Like I just, I you, you just, you regard police officers in a certain way, yes or no? Like you look at them in a certain way. No. People, they are people with jobs. No, that's because your dad's a police officer. Any normal person. Let's see what the caller say. Because I'm with all of it. I look, I am the biggest. I, if I got it, I'm gonna show it. If I feel like it, I don Officer. I don officer.


Don't agree all officer, what officer would you want to arrest you? Would you want her to arrest you? Yeah. 'cause she gonna take me where Zack. See exactly shout where The money reside. Period. Emini here, being in a music video is not a crime. Like if, if she had on, you know, the police uniform in the video, that's d she script, you know that often and was dancing, then I could probably see it being a problem. But Emini here, as far as I know, police officers are allowed to have other forms of employment. Right. And a lot of them do have other forms of employment. Usually you just Have to tell the department To tell what you're doing. So, yeah. Yeah. So it's not a crime. Being a, being a stripper is not a crime. Being a stripper's not a crime. Being in music, video is not a crime. And as far as I know, I could be wrong. I don't know. But there isn't a moral clause for police officers, is it? I don't, I don't know.


And I'm not one of these people like Lauren who looked down on strippers. So I don look down on stripper strippers. I know women who was stripping and still going to college. You know, I don't look down on strippers. I actually love strippers And I love giving them my money. But I do feel like I can understand why her job will look and say, hey, one does not go with the, we Don't even know if her job is saying that. The people Are saying that. Yeah, but why do we say one doesn't go with the other? Stripping is a job. A lot of these women go to script and they make money. So she picked up another job. But it's not even stripping. It's stripping. It's a music. Yeah, she's in a music video. She's acting, she's being an actress And she seems like a good looking woman from what I could see, you know? So Go. I'll tell you what Google says about the Mor code. Hello? Who's this? It's Jojo from Orlando.


Jojo from Orlando. Jojo from Orlando. What's your thoughts, Joe? You got a cold? Jojo. What was that? You got a cold? Do I got a cold? Nah. Oh, okay. What's your thoughts, Jojo? Oh, I think no one should be mad. Like, I don't know if you've been to a strip club, but some shit, they have hell, a strength to be twerking on the pole, twerking on it, feeling all that shit. So I feel like they should be excited or happy about it. 'cause that means homegirl got the endurance to take down any suspect that she investigating. That's a point. That's a fact. I'm not mad at that. I'm with you. Thank you. Jojo. Hello. Who's this? This Tyson and Houston. Tyson. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Tyson? Well, my thought is, is I wonder how many of these people voted for Trump. Because if you have no problem voting for a president that's committed a felony, why are we so concerned about a police officer that's doing this on their own time?


It makes no sense. You making points when points are made. Points are made. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Good morning Envy, this is Raven. Hi Lauren. How? Hey Raven. Hey Raven. What up, Raven? Where you calling from? From Queens, New York. All right, Raven, talk to us. What's your thoughts? So as far as NYPD firing her, I don't think that's gonna happen. Recruitment is at a all time law. However, this is wild for putting her career and pension at risk for a video that's getting no sense. But is what she did illegal Emini here you're saying she put her career and pension at risk, but where, where does it say she can't do music videos on the side? Correct? Me personally, I don't feel like what she did is illegal.


But NYPD is NYPD. They have, they, their whole thing is courtesy, respect, professionalism, whether you are on The clock or off The clock. That was a failure to, to meet the requirement of professionalism. Oh, see, I don't know. I don't know. You might be right, Lauren. Send me the video again so I can see how Emini here I'm looking at this wrong. You're Stupid sister. Open You again. Now, Raven, what about if she's, 'cause she could be acting in the video, right? She could be acting like a stripper. W would that be different? I do. And now that's true. And that could be different. But I'm with Warren on this, with this got a past life. You stupid. And I'm Not mad at it. She, she look real good too. What you mean a past life? Why can't she have a life now? It could be a current life. I'm not, she looks great.


She might. She might be. She a damn video. Oh, Okay. Sorry. You calm down. This talk. I need to keep observing the video to make sure I'm making the right Comments. It's this one point in the video where she look up and then everything behind her is doing what it need to do and she don't even know what's happening. Or maybe she does. And that's how, that's a part of the ploy to drill you in. Press Send. Okay, That sounds like you in love. Oh my God, I love that. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're just joining us, we're talking about NYPD Detective. She's in a special u in this department. People are mad at her. Why? She did this music video and what is she Undercover? And we don't know, right? We don't even know. What if she undercover? She's In this music video. And girl did that. She's the stripper in the music video. She's busting it open and people are mad at her.


So we're asking should they be mad? Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Laro is here. If you're just joining us, we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about this detective. Her name is Melissa. Ricardo. She's a seven year veteran of the New York, of the NYPD. She works for the Special Victims unit. People are upset about it because she's doing this video, which you know, world Star put out yesterday.


And she's, And I think he's a rapper, I think, think his name is Esquire. Yep. She's a stripper in the video. So she's busting it open. She's dancing, she's shaking, she's wearing a thong. She has a bra on, but she has no NYPD paraphernalia. She's not on The clock. And you wouldn't even know she was a cop. That's probably one of her coworkers told on her. So we're asking, is this vow, is it Wrong? No, being in the music video is not a crime. I'm watching it right now just for journalistic purposes. Okay. And you know, she's not doing anything wrong. She's in a music video and to me this is just a side job. It's not an illegal side job. Correct. She's not hurting nobody. She's not degrading the badge in any way. She don't even have on a uniform. I, I wouldn't even know she was a cop if y'all didn't tell me. Mm. I would never think she was a cop.


Mellow. Yeah. You know the vibes of the word Envy. Mellow. Sometimes you gotta break it down the mellow way. Tell us Mellow. Talk to us. Yo. Alright, so boom. So I'm not gonna hold you, I'm on that detective side right now because why you showing all your goods and you feel me doing your, you feel me? Doing what? You, doing what you're doing on that camera knowing that you're supposed to be protecting and serving. Not supposed to be protecting and serving booty. She's serving. It's not fair to us. You, She's serving though. Meow. I over here. Not Safe. Meow. She is serving but I don't know if she protecting Hit me out. She's serving. Yeah. She damn show serving. But hear me out. Let's play White devil's advocate. Why would y'all even hire her? She looks like a video Vix starter kit. She got the BBL.


She got the lip fillers, she got the LL Cool Bay wig to the like see wearing hat Of What we doing. Don't Do That. I don't people do that because I feel like just because of a look you shouldn't be excluded from just because she looks good. She shouldn't be able to have a certain type of job. This, This ain't BBL Ello Melo. You ain't watched the video. This ain't BBL. That's Rice and Beans, bro. No, no, no. That's Rice and Beans. Seen the video. She has the BBL. Why you, how you protecting the server with a BBL Bro. That's Theri, that's, you can't Even chase Me. No, that's Rice and Beans a Mellow. Why? Why you throwing a shot? No, it's not at Laura's wig like that. Exactly. Because he trying to say my wig be, I Did not throw shots. Her wig. I been saying it was nothing. I just said she has the LL Cool Bay wig and she be wearing it.


Like see I'll be wearing her hats. I never said you wig your wigs like that. Okay. I said shorty in the video dude. Alright. This woman is not wearing a wig in this video and she don't have a BL. This is Rice and Beans. She's clearly from the Bronx. Okay. She is from the Bronx. Bronx. She from the Bronx. Bronx. She works the Bronx. SU Of Course she does. Of course I can like, come on now. Did you blow it up? How did you know all that? I could Just Look. Okay. Right, you looked enough. Hello? Who's this? Oh, Aisha. Aisha, what's your thoughts? So My thought was, I was talking to the other African guy, I don't know what his name is, but it's not Eddie. Oh, you said the other African guy. What'd you say? Yeah, because He, that's a whole nother story. Brandon. You mean art? Art? Hold on.


Maybe Introduce, yeah, I'm sorry. Maybe Introducing themselves as Africans to Do that. No, it was just the way he was trying to spell my name. My name was like Isha. And he automatically said like EYE, but Because Brandon is from Ghana and artist from artists. Oh, that's from Minneapolis? No, art African. Oh. I can't remember where art from Min mother Landed. But they, they're African you Yeah, go ahead. Yeah. So I understand. Yes, if she wants to do that as a hobby, it's understandable. But $104,000 in New York is like $20,000 to y'all. Yeah. But if it's a hobby girl, do it. But if not, they should at least pay her more.


I just agree with Charlemagne. Just pay her a little more money and maybe she don't have to do that. That's right. If you wanna do it, I guess girl bust it open for The World. She might enjoy it though too. She might. Yeah, I don't, I don't see the problem If This's not in some police handbook that says she's not allowed to do stuff like this. I don't see what the issue is. The NYPD declined to comment therein. From what I can tell, there is not a single moral clause for police officers. But some law enforcement agencies do establish certain codes of ethic that outline moral conduct. We Not play the video. Yo, I'm looking to see if she has a bbl L like Mel saying, who's up? Hello? I think she do. I don't see what she did wrong. I'm she's not committing any crimes. Nope. Who says, who says that you can't be a video vixen is a side job.


Right? I don't see the problem. And you know, people have to stop this because they, they making this out to be a crime and people are stupid. And what's gonna happen is somebody gonna try to make a citizen's arrest and they gonna stop and frisk her immediately. Okay. I did not know where you was going with that, but I see where you ended up. Okay. What's the Moral of the story? I don't know. There is a moral of the story. Well the moral story is if this is her side gig, it is it in New York. Where can we go support They stupid. All right. It's True. She looks amazing. All I don't agree with it but she look good if she gonna Do it. Alright, when we come back we got Pastor s Nala will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. All the roast is here as well. And it's time for pass the arcs. Go dj. Yeah dj come spin. Come spin. What's up Nyla? Big Nyla. NYLA. What's Happening? Yeah, the pregnant pause before the big Nyla today is mad funny. Nice shirt. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Nice big. The whole big thank you guys. Look at you. Come Nyla I be trying to put it together off of two hours of sleep but we, we here and we present.


I wanted to kick off today's Pastor Ox with the new Wu-Tang Ling song. New Woo. New Woo Inspired actually by the Rza interview that y'all did last week. The new song is called Me Dingle. We did that. Come Up Today. Today. Wow. Yeah. That sound like Rizzo Mathematics on the production. Who produced it? I'm not sure who was on the Oh, mathematics. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Who all on there? Who's featuring on there? Rayquan Method Man. Inspect the Deck and Capitan. Woo. I didn't even know that came out was just the single, they just threw out for the tour. I think it's the single. Yeah. Dope. Drop one of Code Bombs for the Wu-Tang Man. Yeah, shoot the Rayquan. Make sure you go to has story at 7 9 9 Broad Street, Northern New Jersey. That chain was plugged was crazy but I just wanted to say that.


I just wanted to say that watching The Breakfast Club interview albums really inspired because you don't really be seeing like hip hop OGs being healthy and like sharp minded and strong. So they Age like milk most times. Some of them. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So it was really cool to see And I enjoyed all the gyms that was dropped. But anyway, for progressing. Let's get into this new Tia Corin eight. That's a runway top Lu Tia Corin North Carolina zone. Yes. Next step. I'm gonna slow it down a little bit. Get into our RB bag. Terra Martin dropped the project and he has a record on there with this artist named og. Now OG has such a fire, fire voice And I can't wait for The World to get to know her some more. But the record's called not Sharon couldn't Get a vibe off for that one. I would have to hear it in front. I gotta hear the whole thing. Oh my gosh.


Okay. That's all. It's gotta hear the whole thing. It sounded like the call wanted to crank though. Wow. This whole song is that temple. It's it's a jazz. It's Terrance Martin. Oh, So the car don't have a crank. You are on fire Today. What you talking about? The car Wanted get I like Terrance Martin. No, Terrance Martin is dope. I can't tell. But he has a residency at the blue. New Blue. No, Terrance Martin production is always dope. You Just said the car ain't cranking that Song said that song. I, because I I didn't hear any of that. Why is y'all generation dealing extremes all the time? Not With nuance. Talk to us, the Gray area in y'alls. We don't appreciate that. Yeah, well stop acting like a bunch of y'alls and you know what y'all translates Into. Okay, so the last record, the last record is from Joe K. Shout out to Joe Cayman. This his first single as an artist. So I'm a big fan of tastemakers turned artists I think is super dope.


But let's get into it. It's called Slow Down featuring Cruiser and Isaiah Falls. That's A model. Miguel Energy right there. Isaiah Falls. He does the so what Yeah, Joe K does election. Yeah. And then Isaiah's from Florida. That's Isaiah that now see that call was cranked. That call was ready to go. That call was warmed up up. He be doing the blending. Soon as we jumped in we out. You Know I'm saying he's a vi I like his, his content online. He's his star. Oh my God. I'm glad you like your envy. I like He sound like Miguel. Okay, that's that was, that was dope. Yeah. I gotta go to his Instagram and watch when he be doing like the little blending things that he do. So He's a dj. He's a big, well Joe K is a big mashup. Dj. Yeah. And he has a whole collective cause selection. It's Friday traveling. Who that singing? Isaiah Falls. Isaiah Falls. Yeah. He's dope. You sound like Miguel.


All Right. Yeah. Oh he does butterflies, right? Or Yeah, that's my myself too. And then Cruiser is a band. They're instrumentals and they have a lead singer too, aj. But yeah, if you guys like the vibes, make sure y'all follow me on Instagram at Nyla simonon. That's N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. And make sure you guys follow at it's a certified vibe. That's where you can find all the playlists. We have a new playlist out right now called r and b with all the r and b girly since our next concert is gonna be headlined by Abby Jasmine, journey Montana, and a few other upcoming RB girlies that you guys should definitely be tapped in with. We also have a hip hop night where we're just playing straight rap music starting March 19th in Brooklyn at Dumbala.


So make sure you guys pull up, it's gonna be biweekly, which is honestly why I definitely wanted to play the Wu-Tang record because people keep joking at me saying like nobody listens to Boomba. Like calling you Boomba is an insult. And I just feel like there's still a big culture that loves Boomba and just rap in general. So if you guys are fans of that mixture, y'all put that's why I love Go. I hate that they called the bap. This is rap. Yeah. Why is it? Whoa, whoa. No, whoa, whoa. It's classic New York Hip hop. Nah. Rapsody Rapsody raps. People call it Boom Bap. No, but sometimes doesn't. But that's rap. But it's a classic New York hip hop sound that's not just overall rap. 'cause when I was growing up in the nineties, I was listening to that, but Outkast sounded did totally different than that.


It's All rap music though. This is true, but it's just not, it shouldn't be an insult. No, it's not an like don't Oh you're a boom bat lover. Like it's an insult. Like No, I like that Boom Bat lover. Don't she? Just kilt Paris Fashion Week. This is true. So eventually people will catch up. 'cause I feel like she's gonna be that like mainstream. Like it's going. They'll catch up. They'll be all right. All she gonna be the, she's the catalyst of it in my opinion. Start catching up by pulling up March 19th. Dumb ball word. Alright, and listen, I want to tell everybody too,


make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards. We got Carrie Champion with the Naked Podcast. We got Good Moms Bad Choices Tank and Jay Valentine will be there with the RB Money podcast. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there with the woman of all podcasts. So go get your tickets@blackeffect.com slash podcast Festival. Get your tickets this weekend.


That's Right. All right. When we come back, we throw back on a Friday. So let's get to the mix, the People's Choice Mix. Let's go. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rose is here as well and salute to Jess. Hilarious. She's gonna be out in California Pleasanton, she's gonna be at Tommy T's Comedy Club. So if you are on the west side of things and you're close to hug, definitely go check her out tonight and tomorrow At seven o'clock she got shows, right? That's right. Absolutely. And listen, I wanna tell y'all once again, man, make sure you go out and get tickets to the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards.


Okay. It is a Day of culture podcast culture in particular, and just community and conversation. Man. We got some of the best podcasts in the business. The Trap Nerd podcast will be there for all the gamers. Good moms bad choices will be there for all the moms who still want to have a life to Carrie Champion will be out there with The Naked Podcast, the RB Money podcast tanking Jay Valentine and Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there with her woman of all podcasts. I can't wait to announce some of the guests that these people have on their podcast too. But it's hosted by Mandy and Weezy. Your Decisions. Decisions. Go get your tickets right now. Black effect.com/podcast Festival. Okay? Go get your tickets this weekend. Alright, When we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Law LaRosa is here and salute to Kevin Hart. Kevin Hart stop through earlier today. Always a pleasure. When Kevin Hart pulls up, man, what that, that Jim Kevin Hart gave about, you know, not being afraid to pivot and and, and don't get stuck doing one thing. That is a lesson that so many people need to learn. Especially in, in, in our business. That's right. Because I've watched so many people look up Yep. And think that the sky is the limit, but not realize it's a glass ceiling. 'cause they keep themselves in, in, in a particular box. That's, and like Kevin said, whatever you're doing now that's causing you to win. If you don't diversify that portfolio, that one thing can get burnt out real quick.


Real, real fast. That's right. So, you know, And now I'm Good life lesson talking About your BBO party and the deal. Why Stop? Because people really have been hitting me up asking if I know you look so dumb with a BBL L why would I get a bbl l I'm too, I don know. First of all, I'm too small for that. Secondly, the body is already bodying. I'm good. But they've been hitting me up asking if there are places that we're recommending people to go during this trip. Because you keep saying that, that You call Brandon. Excuse me. Huh? You guys understand over there? No, I'm just saying No, I Just say you say certain things. That's why I look to the young boys. I'm like, y'all really just gonna allow this. You know what I'm saying, Brenda? No, I'm TI can't see him. But you better react the right way. All right. Anyway. May 22nd through the what?


May 22nd through the 27th. I'll be in Dr. For the Memorial Day getaway. It is not a BBL party. If you have a BBO though, you are welcome to join sis. Okay, come on out with that bikini. We are gonna be there for the HBCU Black Alumni Weekend. I'll be hosting a series of events. They have comedy shows going down, pool parties, step show. No, not a step show. I just lied. I don't know all the events. I'm not gonna to the D for no goddamn step show parties. Yeah, there's not, there's not no step show. I All white parties. It's, it's performances and all that. Got a good time. I don't know why I said step show, I think 'cause I was thinking HB CU. But yeah, just come memorial day getaway.com at the checkout. Let them know Lauren, the Rosa sent you And I will see you there. Don't come if you still healing from your surgery, y'all, We got a Positive note.


Yeah. The positive note is simply this man. It is a quote from Steve Jobs that I love, that I think people need to hear on this morning, this Friday morning. Your time is limited, so don't waste it. Limit somebody else's life. Don't be trapped by other people's opinions. Okay? Or simply don't be trapped by people's dogma, which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all


done? Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, they made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. I wanna know what's the worst way they've ever bombed or have they ever performed way too drunk or high, or was there ever a time where they thought they were going to crush and they stunk it up? Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts


Bombing with Eric Andre,


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called The Edge of Daybreak recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The Air to daybreak eyes of love, were supposed to have been followed up by another Apple. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.