
I'm a good lawyer. And. I. Wanna win on August 22nd? I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for Her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose His series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster Starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm Not gonna stop. I Think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Gear Up for outdoor adventures. With the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Finding the right News podcast can feel like dating. It seems promising until you start listening. When You hit play on post reports, you'll get fascinating conversations and sometimes a little fun too. I'm Martine Powers. And I'm Ella. Hey Azadi. Martine And I are the hosts of Post Reports. The show comes out every weekday from the Washington Post. You can follow and listen to post reports wherever you get your podcasts. It'll be a match, I promise.


Is getting gas at shell burning a hole in your wallet? What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up? Introducing? Drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with Drop You'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop eight eight to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding.


Hi icons. It's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single Chasin featuring Meghan Trainor out today for you. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chassen from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album. Sponsored by 1111 Media


DJ JM, just hilarious. And Charlemagne. They're listening to The Breakfast Club. Thank y'all for being like cultural leaders. Guys are family. The Breakfast Club is where people get their information on the topics, on the artists and everything like that. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like you guys watch, you're locked into the world's most dangerous morning show. More dangerous than the Bronx If. you wanna Breakfast Club? You ain't gonna bring it. 120 minus when not come up here. Oh Jesus. Is this what y'all grew up in? That's right. Get up out the beds and listen to The greatest Show on Earth. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo.


Jess Lar is on maternity leave. What up Laura LaRosa. Good morning, Charlemagne. The God Peace to the Planet is Tuesday. Yes, it's Tuesday. Good morning, Man. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored man. Another day to serve. What's happening? What's Up Lauren? How you feeling? I feel Good. I'm so happy to see you in person. Yeah. I was in back on the party Weekend. Yeah. Party weekend. Yeah. I was out in Shreveport for the last, what, 6, 5, 6 days. Again, SLU to 50 cent. What he did for Shreveport, the amount of money that that he put into that city, the amount of things and activities and, and what he did for that city was just simply amazing. He had five days of everything from comedy shows and not just sealevel com, com You know Comedians.


Eden brought Dave Chappelle, Kat Williams, Andrew Schultz, just to name a few the amount of artists he had performed from himself to Daba. He went Monifa, Alby Shor. So for real to the newer artist Skill Aaba and just so many people and, and parties. And, and, and Fit 50 Fit where he You know had all the, the junkies for the kids and the car shows. It was just simply amazing the amount of investment he put into that city. So salute to 56 and not one, not no violence at all. No fighting, no shooting, no stabbing, nothing. Everybody came in peace and left in peace. So that's fire. That was pretty dope. What up, Charlamagne? What's happening? What is the word? How's everybody feel out there? Lauren, did you take your test? What test?


Which test? No. Leave me alone. What test. Don't even Don't don't what? Test. Don't she pregnant? No, I am not. I am not. You gotta Be sure you don't. I am Very sure You know If, you're pregnant. Drop a bomb for Lauren Lorenzo. No, don't drop, don't bomb. I'm not putting that on her. I'm just saying No, no, no. Take any bombs back. I'm not taking no test. I am not anything. Just Because you don't take the test. That's not me. He not Pregnant. You might be Pregnant. No, no, no. I never ever thought that. I used To know dudes that used to do that with STDs. What I don't, if I don't take the test, I don't got nothing envy. I feel like I'm like talking to my dad right now. Like, no, I'm not pregnant. I'm Just, you wanna tell us why are we even having this scare? Because Both signs, yesterday he found out that I like to eat food. And now he's like, because I eat food.


I'm pregnant. No, it wasn't that. She liked to eat food. He mentioned cat fried fish. He wants to eat early in the morning. That's Mentioned fried fish. I said Fried, fried fish, fried shrimp, french fries and the bread on the side with the hot sauce. Ketchup. He's like, oh, you pregnant. Why? 'cause I'm, I was hungry By the way, this conversation happened 15 minutes after I talked about the fried fish. She was just mumbling it to herself. She was just mumbling to herself. Fried fish bread, French fried shrimp. I'm like, what The hell? Because I was over here thinking like, man, I haven't had like a real good catfish fried fish situation at five O'clock in the morning. Y'all at the verne's fish fry in Delaware. 'cause that's what made, that's what it made me think of. For real. I was just reminiscing. Okay. Are you hungry now? Just asking Questions. I am hungry now for fish.


I'm always hungry, y'all Okay. Alright. Y'all are getting to know me. Alright. I'm always hungry and know I'm not pregnant and leave me alone. Don't keep throwing that on me. I'm just asking questions. Why you trying to take everybody in their seat out? Well, we got some special guest joining us this morning. We have Vivek Rams. Swami You know he's an entrepreneur. How you say that man's name, how you say it? Vik. Vivek Ramaswamy. Yes. He'll be joining us this morning. You know he's an entrepreneur. He was running for president at one time. And I didn't get the nominations. He's a huge Trump supporter, so we'll talk with him in a little bit. He did give A good speech. RNC can can't front on him. And also we have Artist Sauce Walker from Texas. He'll be joining us this morning as well. Yes, indeed. Very balanced show.


These are the kind of shows I like. Okay. Alright, well let's get the show crack. And when we got come back, we got Morgan Wood front page news a lot to discuss. Donald Trump was interviewed with Elon Musk. They did an interview that did it actually. 'cause I know it was delayed, right? Yeah. It delayed like 40 minutes. But they did it. They got it going. We're all about it. When we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. Lauren Lar is filling in. Good morning Lauren. Good morning. Let's Get in some front page news. Morgan Wood. What up Morgan? Good morning y'all. So were y'all up last night trying to be on X? See what, seeing what's going on with the former president and Elon Musk. I was, no, No. I listened to some of it this morning.


I was, I fell asleep listening to it though. It was like two hours long. Yes. So it that Exactly, exactly. Lauren. So former president Donald Trump, he made his way back to X, the social media platform, formerly known as Twitter for his first time back on the platform in over a year since being banned, following the January 6th attack on the US Capitol. Now Elon Musk, who now owns the platform, had a conversation with the former president. As you mentioned, Lauren, it lasted over two hours, but it was delayed. And there was some technical difficulties. Musk described it as the issues as distributed denial of service attack on the platform. Now, during the conversation, the two talked about the attempted assassination on Trump in Pennsylvania, immigration, Russian President Vladimir Putin, and the threat of global warming.


Let's hear more from President Trump and Musk conversation. We cannot have a Democrat. We cannot have her. She's incompetent. She's as bad as Biden. In a different, yeah. Look, she hasn't done an interview since this whole scam started and, and say what you want. Yeah. This was a coup, this was a coup of a president of the United States. He didn't wanna leave. And they said, we can do it the nice way or we can do it the hard way. Oh, what they did with this guy, and I'm no fan of his, and he was a horrible president. The worst president in history. And one of the reasons he was so bad, first of all, the Israeli attack would've never happened. Russia would never have attacked Ukraine. And we'd have no inflation and we wouldn't have had the Afghanistan mess.


If you think of it. Well, and we wouldn't have had Afghanistan. But we think of it. You take a few of those events away and we have a different world. Yeah. What are your thoughts? I heard that part. I go go ahead. Do more. I want to, I talk, I wanna hear more. I heard that part when I, when I was listening this morning. Okay. So at one point in the discussion over 1.3 million people were listening. Not the 25 to 30 million that Trump mentioned on the stream. But this again, this does Mark the first time that he's back, he talked about a lot. It was, it was kind of a bit of a snooze fest for me. But You know he definitely covered a lot in regards to that.


Meanwhile, on the, I think You know what's so interesting. I didn't think it was a snooze fest at all. Like I I, I listened to about, I only listened to about 30 minutes of the conversation and in those 30 minutes I heard them talk about the border extensively. Yep. And I heard them talk about the economy extensively. And that is why Trump resonates with so many people because he's speaking to the issues. And those are the two major issues. Folks don't care about all the other stuff as long as what they care about is being addressed. People wanna know how they gonna have more money in their pocket and how they gonna feel safe. Well, that's what his base cares about. Right. That's, that's what, that's what everybody cares about. When you have, when you're having a conversation, you're talking about light bills being lower and you're talking about You know border control, groceries, being lower, having jobs, border control. That's what everybody cares about.


That's not just his base. You said he was at a snooze face. You only listen for 30 minutes. They would listening for two Hours. No, I ain't say the whole didn't. Listen, I fell asleep. Didn't listen though. I fell asleep. I woke up And I was like, whoa, it's three o'clock in the morning. And, and, and, and And I tell you one thing that woke me up. 'cause I, that's why I said it wasn't a snoo snoozefest at all. He, Not so much Trump, because You know. He definitely, he talks, oh, he Talked the whole time. But Exactly. Musk didn't ask the question. He was just, he seemed more of a fan than somebody. Oh yeah. There was one thing Trump said. It was something to the effect of, it's not global warming that's gonna take us out. It's nuclear warming. And then Trump started having a convoy about how all these countries have nuclear weapons and the threat of nuclear war is high. Is that Elon was so confused at that when he was doing that.


But what Is there to be confused About? Because he didn't start off the conversation talking about that Trump took it there. Oh Yeah. They were talking about global warming. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. He wasn't confused. Like he didn't understand it. It was just like, that's not where, but Trump, he was controlling the conversation What Trump said. He said, global warming isn't gonna take us out. Nuclear warming will The fact that these conversations about nuclear war have been happening so frequently and so casually should scare ourselves. Certainly. Certainly. Concerning. Meanwhile, on the other side of the aisle, democratic vice president, vice presidential candidate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walls, he's scheduled to visit Newport Beach, California today. Will O'Neill, who is the Republican mayor of Newport Beach, says Walls is welcome in his town. But there is a stark difference between Newport Beach and Minnesota.


He's Walls is also set to travel to Denver, Colorado on Wednesday. And he is heading back to the East Coast on Thursdays. Those details are pending. And in teen USA news gymnast Jordan Chiles, she will not have her appeal heard by the court of arbitration for sport on Sunday. The International Olympic Committee said it would take away her bronze medal because of a scoring error. Yesterday, US gymnastics said in a statement that it was notified by cast rules that they don't allow for arbitrator award to be considered. So basically they're not gonna hear her appeal and following that decision, child said she's gonna take a break from social media to deal with her mental health regarding that situation.


So yeah, we'll keep you posted on all of the news on that's your front page news for 6:00 AM our coming up Next we will talk about Israel and there's a recall that's impacting the baby. So mommies listen up. Alright, we'll get into that next. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines wide open again, (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051.


Not just Me, I'm with the coach of Hello. Who's this? This is George with Matt King Close. Hey George. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Yeah. I was a vendor at Your Driver Dreams Show down in Shreveport. Just wanted to thank you. It was an amazing event. No, thank you so much, man. We had a, a great time in Shreveport, man. Man, it was a lot of people in that city. That city made a lot of money. And hopefully we can do it again, man. I, I mean the people of Shreveport so show so much love. They expected fighting. They expected somebody to get hurt, but it was a peaceful five days, six days. And, and thank y'all for coming out, man. Appreciate you brother. Nah, everybody was so nice. Me and my sister drove all the way from Arizona just to be at Shreveport, just to be a part of this.


And it was amazing. So I just wanna thank everybody that came to Shreveport, bought something from Mad King clothes and absolutely appreciate you. Alright. Thank you brother. Have a Good one. All right. You can go see what I have at Mad King Shop. Alright man. Have a good one. Alright, thank you. You should pull up to the New York one this week and New York's gonna be crazy too. So that's this Saturday in the Meadowlands Expo Center in Jersey. Hello. Who's this? This is Sophia. Hey, Sophia. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Okay. I just wanna make a comment about the, the Trump interview. Yes, ma'am. So he, the one killed it. The border. It was a partisan bill. He killed it. Yeah.


I mean he, So whenever somebody saying that's two things people wanna hear about, come right behind him and say, well, why did he kill the bill? Well, we know why he killed. And we know if we know why he killed the deal, he killed the deal because he didn't want the Democrats to get any points. He wanted to wait till he got, he got in office and he could Exactly, he could sign the bloody deal. He would look Like the that. Yeah. But let's mention that after we somebody bring it up talking about, well, that's what people wanna hear about. Then ask why did you kill it? Yeah. But but also, and whoa, whoa, whoa. Talking about, and I'm not, I'm not making no excuses for Trump, but even before that deal, over the last four years, the border has been outta control and it's been outta control under a Biden administration even before they got to a deal last year.


So let's be clear on it. Let's not be You know. Let's be honest about these conversations. Okay, cool. I understand, but still, we had a deal on the table so that yes, no pun intended, Trump them past four years. Trump did what? I said, no pun intended. But that deal that they had Trump them past four years. No, I don't agree with that. I think two things of been true at the same time. Yes, Donald Trump did You know, stop them from signing the, the, the the border deal. The bipartisan border deal that they had. But over the last four years, the border have been under outta control. Under a Biden administration. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your ass. This your time to get it off your chest. Your mad blast. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? It's Chris man. What's going on Chris? What up? Getting up your chest, Chris. Yeah, I just wanted to talk about my glorious king step man, Steph Curry. We Gotta start having a conversation. He already solidified himself as the, the greatest twin guard of all time. But we gotta start having a convo about he and ain't have top five now. Man. What you mean start? What you mean start? Huh? And. I don't even root for no waffle colored negroes ever.


But I got him in the top five over LeBron. And y'all be looking at me like I'm crazy. You put him over LeBron, over LeBron Sports. And. I went to LeBron. I don't Care what y'all say. I got Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Steph Curry, LeBron James, and then Magic Johnson. I think sometimes you just say stuff for LeBron. Nah, you got, you got, you got, you got Steph Jordan, LeBron Shaq, then Kareem man. Tell me, tell me. Okay, Shaq and Kareem. I'm not mad at that. But why, why, why? Why does this sound crazy to put stuff over LeBron? I mean, you can't look at LeBron's career overall and then say he's not in the top five over four. I Can say he not. I got him in the top five. I just got, I got step one slot over him. Oh, okay. Man, LeBron just, he longevity man.


You gotta look at that. He, Steph is great, but he ain't better than LeBron right now. Well, guess what? It's all an opinion. He holding an opinions. They Played in championship games against each other. What? Four times. Last time I checked Steph Curry was three one against LeBron in the championship games in NBA finals. I I hear you dog. That don't matter. Huh? I don't know all the numbers We play, we play straight up And I just don't feel like that. Right? We play straight up in NBA finals. And I beat you three times. You know And I that don't, that don't account for nothing. Some, Some people will say the teams were different and all that, but Isaiah Thomas Beat Jordan. How many times? Who? Isaiah Thomas. Twice in Eastern Conference Finals. But see, I hate when people say that because yes, they beat Michael Jordan twice in Eastern Conference finals. But when Michael Jordan beat the pistons and figured it out and won his first championship, he didn't lose anymore.


You know he was six and oh in NBA finals once he figured it out. But you Just called to to big up the goat. Steph Curry to you. That's what you called for. Absolutely. And I'm big him up with you. But now you, now you debating me again. Don't Have him take it from you, man. I'm picking him up with you. You called the shout out Steph Curry. 'cause he killed it. That's all. That's all it was. Brother Steph. Top five to me. I got him number three. Have a good one. Piss that man off that. Hey man, this is my Personal man. This is Steph Curry Some love. And don't listen to me. That's What I'm saying, like sometimes you just do it for the plateaus. I don't, don't listen to me. I'm only five six by the way, I've been saying this. This said you only Five six. I'm only 5 6 5 4. I've been said this about the top five a long time ago when You hit five six. That's the realty we did not five, six You pregnant. Oh, This Pregnant y'all Top of the morning was good.


Three Weeks and don't even know what's up bro. Get it up your chest, man. Hey, what's going on? I really wanted to act Charlamagne. Yes Sir. I wanna give you a black effect hat too, bro. If, you got it left. And Yes, we got Black Effect Hacks. Yes sir, we do. How are you? Right? How y'all doing this? Sorry about that. What's going on Charlamagne? I'm doing, hold on. I need that gang. The Black effect hat. I got you Eddie. Put 'em on hold. Throw me on. What do You say? I throw me On hold. Throw me on hold, hold, hold on. All you want get you a black effect hat. You can go to black effect.com too. We got all the merch on Black effect.com. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Shamma calling from North Carolina. What's up DJ NB Charlemagne guy in Lauren La. How you guys doing today?


What's Up Shamiah? Get it off your chest. Listen, Charlemagne, I I met you in New York LA a month ago in at The Strand with Ivy Rivera. I wanna say I appreciate what, what you said to me about voting Consensus is my first time voting in this election ever. And your book was amazing. And I. Really, really appreciate it. And shout out to your stylist, Ty. She's really dope. Hey, Listen, who'd I tell? Did I tell you to vote for anybody? I didn't tell you to vote for nobody. Did I? What'd I say? No, you just told me to vote. But you just told me the importance of voting. Oh, okay. And then we talked, talked after the, the event was over and all that jazz. So I didn't whisper in your ear Mago.


No you didn't. No you didn't. You stop that because people think you serious. No, it's The plot twist. The people think he's serious and then it'd be like he's he's a mago. No, he didn't say anything to you. Just say that out loud because he's, he plays and people think he serious. You play too much, man. Thank You Sham Charlemagne. You gotta, you gotta come to Fayville State. Speak men about mental health because they're not taking mental health seriously. I would love to come to Fayetteville State. Yeah. And we, we, and this is one of y'all market. We listen to Foxy 99 down here. So definitely, definitely come down here. Absolutely suit everybody that listen us on Foxy 99 and Fayetteville. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now when we come back, we got just with the mess with Lauren Laso. We talking about Lauren. These celebrities getting crazy. We got some domestic violence conversations to have. Jesus. Yeah, sky Jackson and her boyfriend got into it and then Sweetie and YG got into it. But there was no criminal, like no crimes committed. But it was, it was. They caught the cops on Them. All right, we'll get into that next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave and Lauren LaRosa is filling in. So let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa news Is real. Jessica Robin Moore.


Jess don't do no lying. Don't, Don't spell nobody. Worldwide. Worldwide mess On The. Breakfast Club. She's a Lauren. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So y'all, the celebrities are out here getting crazy in their relationships. So yesterday a story broke, sweetie and yg, you guys know they've been dealing with each other for some time now. Had gotten into it. So when the story first broke, the headline was that there was a fight. But then later on the details came out that it was not a physical altercation at all. So YG and Sweetie were in their apartment.


They were allegedly arguing or something about A Phone. I don't know whose phone they were arguing about. But it got so loud and it was so much that the neighbors called police. So when the police got there, they came in, assessed the situation, separated yg sweetie. They had a conversation when I guess the both of them, they realized that there was no physical harm done to anybody. No one put their hands on every anybody. And there was no crime committed. So they just did a non-criminal report, told them to calm down, broke 'em apart, made sure they cooled down and then they left. Just argument, loud Argument. Just a loud argument about phone. It's that phone. Always gonna do it. I Wonder if the neighbors knew. I'm sure the neighbors knew that it was at least why G or Sweetie that lived there. Right? I'm sure Probably so. 'cause yeah, they probably see him and stuff like that You.


know what I mean? But I don't, whoever's touching A Phone, leave the phone alone. I will starve before I go through some of my phone. That's Right man. Let me text my side. Chick my side. Man in peace. All that is fine and dandy until she text back. Now you check the


Summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. A Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the great Outdoors Plus with an available toying capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction. All conditions always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nicks, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try Nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nicks. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


We are here for the history, not the hype to shed light, not fan flames. We are here for the whole story, not just a headline here to uphold democracy, uncover the facts and illuminate what matters. Democracy dies in darkness. That's where we come in the Washington Post. Switch on, subscribe today at Washington post.com/iheart.


Ever wolf down a big Mac and thought I need some extra cash. Then download the drop app. Get rewarded for dining out and more. Use code. Drop two two for $5 in points. Download. Drop Now


You you got Asthma? No, I said side man. I heard side chick off side man. So it could be her texting somebody or him texting somebody. Equal opportunity. Alright, Look at you being inclusive today. You learned something yesterday, huh? You want me to include some days too? Gimme a story about some days. I'll bring it around. All right. So Obama dropped his summer 2024 playlist. Y'all know he does the playlist for different seasons or whatever where he lets You know what he listening to. So kind Of trash too. Let's hear it. I saw it yesterday. Yeah. I was very surprised by this list. He's normally a little bit more into the You. know what I mean? So some of the noteworthy songs, a bar song by Buzi Buzi is so fun. Fire, Fire Record Texas. Hold him. Beyonce Fire Wanna be Gorilla mc Thee Stallion Fire Jump Tyler and Gunna Cool.


Record me by Tim's. That Dope. Great record. This one right here. I was like, ooh, I don't wanna hear him. Listen to this with Michelle. What? How do you want it with Tupac and Casey and jojo. Five. How do you want it? That's a classic. I just like, that's a classic. I was like, what are they doing to that song? What grown people do? I Don't No, How you, how you were made Obama And. I must have saw a different playlist. 'cause the playlist I saw had a bunch of mayonnaise on it. Yeah. So there the full playlist. Does You know he has to be inclusive? Oh, The Full playlist does have You know there's mayonnaise in here. But I just, I grabbed out all of the the Lowry's. So say so PJ Mor and Jojo my best sweetie. The people common.


But the big thing on here, when I saw the list released on Twitter, I instantly clicked it. 'cause I'm like, oh, I can't wait to be like Obama listening. Not like us. He Had a lot of old hip hop on there too. Like Diggable planets. That was dope. Not like us. Isn't on here though. That's the biggest song of the It is no way. Obama wasn't Do You know? I would think, I would think President Obama's more of a euphoria guy. I think he would appreciate euphoria more than not like us. I think he rocked to not like us as well. I just don't think he wants to promote beef. Like he knows where it would go. 'cause it's a beef record. I don't know What you mean. President Obama with the smoke. He nah, he's not gonna be that Drone. Strike Obama baby playing cake balls with bro. He Talking Crazy. You ain't Crip walking in the Crip Man.


You ain't got a Crip walk. You let them drones fly on your ass. Play with Big Brock or If. you want to Big Obama. Big Obama. He ain't with the smoke. He not with beef. Are you crazy? All right, Darla. He getting crazy this morning. This is what You, I dunno, why do y'all get so mad at the truth? Something? I don't understand it. Nobody's mad at the truth. I just don't, I just don't think Barack's gonna say Yeah this, this beef record is my thing. Nah, Barack definitely was listening to not like us in the car all the time. Sure. I'm sure Puffin You know he rolled his we in white papers. Damn. Not Like too far. See that's she going too far? I think he's more a euphoria type of guy. 'cause you euphoria is more layered. Euphoria, euphoria. Iss fantastic by the way. Yeah, but I, I just, he just strikes me as more of a euphoria type of Person.


Oh, you don't see him? What is it? The braids. You can't see Barack in the back. Yom saying, yo, can you imagine Obama running and Drake and be like, we don't want hear you say   No   no more. Yo, stop It man. Questioning if he can still say it. Hey Michelle, can I say looking in the mirror? I swear he actually can say nig because he's half. Alright man. If you half. You can say nig. That is Just Vanessa. Lauren LaRosa. All right. Now when we come back front page news Morgan would be joining us. It don't go anywhere's. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. Lauren Laro is here. And let's get in some front page news. Yeah, what's up Morgan?


Welcome back. Yeah, welcome back. Welcome back. Good to be back. Yeah. So as mentioned in the previous hour, we're definitely gonna talk about what's going on in Israel. The Biden administration beliefs. Israel could be attacked by Iran and its proxies as soon as this week. That's what National Security Council spokesman John Kirby told report. Let's hear from him. It's increasingly likely that, increasingly likely that there will be an attack by Iran and or its proxies. And perhaps in the coming days, I would tell you that we share those concerns. It is difficult to assert, ascertain at this particular time if there is an attack by Iran and or its proxies what that could look like.


So this comes as Iran has threatened to retaliate against Israel following the recent assassinations of Hamas and Hezbollah leaders, the US has sent more military resources to the region and is monitoring rising tensions in the Middle East. Did you wanna say something sharp? Yeah, I was just saying You know, when I was listening to Trump, You know, talked to Elon Musk yesterday. He was bringing this up. And You know, I'm telling you, when you listen to Trump, speak to the fact You know countries like Iran, You know, think America is weak and Iran isn't scared to go into Israel because they have no fear of America. It does make you wonder if, if that's true, You know. Yeah. And then they You know, even listening to Trump yesterday, talk about how he wants to build an iron dome over America.


Like You know, like how Israel has an Iron Dome. Those conversations were never happening in America before. The fact Trump thinks we need an Iron Dome should concern us all. The fact that they're having these casual conversations about nuclear war should concern us all. And and for people that's listening that don't know what an Iron Dome is, it is not a, I was about to ask a real dome where they actually cover America. It's a, a, a protective security system that if anything flies over the Iron Dome picks it up immediately and shoots down the weapon. So we won't have You know. It'll take a lot more to get a, a missile or something through to the atmosphere over here. Man, I'm just trying to make it, to be able to buy a house and have kids and all this stuff is happening. Well That's, that, that's, that's one thing the vice president is big on.


The vice president is big on rebuilding the middle class, making sure that everybody has the opportunity to own a business and own a home. But guess what, if nuclear war happens, you ain't gotta worry about none of that. No. Okay. You're Right. So me, meanwhile, let me try to ease some of that tension. Thank you. The US is strengthening forces in the Middle East due to the escalating regional tensions. A Pentagon statement issued on Sunday says, secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin is reiterating the Biden Administration's commitment to take every possible step to defend Israel. Meanwhile, pri President Biden is continuing to push for a strike for a ceasefire deal that would include the release of hostages held by Hama. So again, we working, we working on You know hopefully thing, hopefully you could get your house and your, and, and your kids.


Lauren, I'm, I'm rooting for you. Meanwhile, protest against Israel and the US are expected outside the Democratic National Convention in Chicago next week. So if you're headed to Chicago, keep that in mind. pro-Palestinian organizations, say thousands of people will descend on the convention to protest the Biden administration's handling of the Israel Hamas conflict and the rising civilian death toll. The largest of the planned demonstrations on are or will be the march on the DNC, which is scheduled for noon August 19th, and the evening of August 22nd at Union Park. Less than a half mile from the, the DNC venue. So if you're Ubering that way, you're, you're catching a ride or whatever the case is. If you're in that vicinity, You know, expect traffic plan ahead, those type of things.


If, you are headed to Chicago for the DNC. The groups are calling on Kamala Harris and the Democratic Party to push for an immediate ceasefire and, and the US military aid that is headed to Israel. Oh, That's not the, that's not the only protest too. There's a lot of community activists in Chicago who are planning the protest in the spirit of Dick Gregory's 1968 DDMC demonstration. And they're advocating for a black agenda. They're advocating for housing injustice in Chicago, the displacement of seniors and black families and the migrant crisis that is impacting the communities of Chicago. Man. And those are black people. Yeah, no, I was gonna say, shout out Dick Gregory. You, you definitely did his big one. And it's just switching gears, You know in baby related health news, you may want to double check the formula you're given to the baby.


The FDA is ordering a recall of powdered baby formula sold at CVS pharmacies and HEB grocery stores across 12 states. A perigo company says it's recalled of over 16,000 cans of store brand premium infant formula with Iron Milk-based powder because they contain too much vitamin D. Now the FDA says they have no reports of any adverse effects because the p of the powder, but they say most infants won't have any problems. However, they do point out that infants with other health issues, especially kidney problems, there are complications possible. So the recall is for any products shipped after February 6th, the state's impacted our Florida, California, South Carolina, New Jersey, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Texas, Missouri, Indiana and Tennessee.


And Virginia. Did I mention Virginia? Yeah. Anyways, wherever you at, check that baby formula before you give it to that baby. That's right. That's why you can't square away from that liquid gold man. That pity juice. Mm. Okay. That's your prep page. Listen, we not gonna get too much into that. That's your prop page. Why are we shaming feed juice? We not shaming it. It Breast milk Sir. Not gonna Get too much into it. You gotta rebranded. Better Rebrand. I don't think The babies care. I don't need, I don't breast milk. I juice Liquid Gold. But that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, you can hit me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, be sure you're listening to the Black Information network@bnews.com. Thank y'all. Alright, thank you Morgan.


I and when we come back, sauce Walker will be joining us all the sauce Walker from Texas Soll kick with him. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We have Lauren LaRosa with us and Nila with us this morning. We got a special guest in the building. He's got a new album out Sauce Father two Sauce Walker. Oh, what's up my brother? Hey man. Say man, the kid that did not the kid that did. The reason why the Sauce Water was written You know the flavor. I'm speeding. Sauce Walker. Yeah. Yeah. Now people act like they know what you just said. I was say all that, all Thatm saying a kid that did.


So you, because you be doing It. You be getting it done. I always do it hear I never say nothing that I don't do You. know what I mean? You know. I think people don't realize about you Sauce Walker. You really are a dope ass rapper. Thank You. I really appreciate that. Like a, like a mc mc in Real life. But I think the online personality sometimes overshadows The boss. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, You know. It is, it is more of a thing like don't judge a book by its cover. But also what we like to say in my, in my crew, we like to say, don't let the sauce fool you. Mm. You know what I'm saying? But also as well You know, I kind of felt like a lot of artists and a lot of rappers put on this persona and they put on this image where like, you always gotta be tough or you always gotta be on some streets You know what I'm saying? Like, you can't just enjoy life or be humorous.


Just have fun and You know what I'm saying? Enjoy life for what it is and not always be so serious for me and my personal experience. I feel like when you really come from the struggle, when you really come from violence, when you really come from pain and suffering and you get to a platform like Instagram, this app was made to like pictures and, and, and make memories and have fun. It just so happened, it, it, it became a platform where people could create lucrative ways of generating residual income and wealth off of You. know what I'm saying? Creating a, a wider audience through a platform. And I felt like, why would I use Instagram as a place to try to be like overly serious or overly hard when I'm trying to reach out to The World You? know what I'm saying? I'm not mad at that. That's how I looked at it. Like I listened to, we were talking about earlier some of your interviews, And I listened to how you were talking about how you like do like the promotion sometimes for other artists and whatever And I was like, this is how like an influencer works.


Like, do you consider yourself an influencer too? Or like, it's just you? I mean, to be honest, I only rap on the weekends. I'm Yo If. you wanna keep it real. Like I'm, I'm more of a lot of things than an artist. I'm a CEO I'm a philanthropist in my community. I'm a mo motivational speaker and a financial advisor consultant for a lot of people in different companies as well. I owned six different LLCs, two corporations. I sell boats, all, all forms of streaming. I from being a YouTuber, TikTok, OnlyFans, rapping, like I, every I've done, I do it. I've done it all. That's within my respected realm of hustling You know what I mean? Got you.


So rapping is just something that is first nature to me because I've been doing it my whole life. I've been recording in professional studios since 1996 when I was like six years old. I've been rapping my whole life. It's just something that I just do it And I'm good at. But I so happen to be one of those people that just talented enough to where I could do anything and still be successful and make millions of dollars of conversation. I could be make millions of dollars. Podcasting, comedian acting. I'm just one of those stars who just multi-talented. But rapping is a strong suit that I have lyrically that does get overshadowed and overlooked because I'm so charismatic You know what I'm saying? But it You know it's a gift and a curse because You know it's certain areas where it, it caused to have intelligence conversation and, and, and charisma.


And a lot of artists don't have that in those areas. So you might have good music and a good song that lasts momentarily, but you don't laugh for last for a lifetime because people not invested to you as a person, as a, as a human being more than just your music. You know music is subjective. Sometimes it's good, sometimes people don't care for it. But everybody always loves a great personality and a great mind. But does it get to you sometimes, like when you just dropped that free freestyle, I think it was with La Leakers, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I or Hard Knock Life Beat. Yeah. Like, and people were like, yo, he really be going in like, it's like almost like people are always relearning that that's what you do naturally. I mean, honestly, I always been one of them type of people that's like, I, I've been taking my flowers my entire career.


I'm Soda Main is, I don't know how familiar y'all are with me, but I know Charlamagne very familiar with my career. They've been, we've been talking to each other and trying to get me up here for the years since early, early in my career when I was doing the Sauce Twins. I've always known and I've always been very vocal and confident about the fact that I know I'm one of the best rappers to ever live. Not just of my generation or not just from Texas. Like I know for a million percent fact lyrically bar for bar. Similarly, for similarly analogy for analogy, metaphor for metaphor, storytelling, having actual substance meaning a, a, a, a message that people can actually grab knowledge, wholesomeness information from pain, struggle, and healing through the things that we go through Being black people in America, coming from poverty, coming from struggle, broken parenting or just taking the struggle part out of it.


But just elite punchline skills and delivery and cadences like I've shown over my 10 years span of my career that I'm not only, I'm one of the best, but I'm also one of the most prolific rappers to come out of my generation and generation before me. And I then being that he's Not putting sauce On that, I'm not, I'm telling you And, I'm from the South Promise I'll say, and I'm from the south. I'm from Houston, Texas You know what I'm saying? I'm from the same place as Scarface, the Cowboys. Is it? And I'm renowned and respected by New York and New York rappers more than anywhere else. My biggest market is New York, Houston. Well, Texas is my first market and then New York is my second. You Were talking about all your many business ventures and all the things that you do.


And the first record on Sauce Father two is Master P. Yeah. And I. I really love the relationship between Texas and New Orleans. Just talk to me about your, your relationship with Master P. That song ain't what you think it is, but go ahead. Nah, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a ma I'm a master P in a, in a lot of different areas. You. know what I'm saying? And. I. I respect the direction and some of the principles that Master P implemented in his career to get where he is. And I've been told this by some of the like label execs and people that I do do business with or have done business within the industry, that some of the deal structures that I've created are kind of are like master p deals.


'cause it's, it is like very rare where a artist can sign a deal with an Indy major label or a major label, get millions of dollars and still keep his entire catalog separated from that contractual agreement and having a, a record label with, I got 50 50 artists, well producers are artists as well, but 40 something artists and 10 producers signed to my record label, my distribution company. And, I have all of those 40 some more artists, probably like seven to eight of those artists are international from like Hiroshima, Japan, Puerto Rico, Venezuela. So like, I, I think that I've created a cult fan base in the following.


Somewhat similar to No Limit in Master P with Sauce Walker and the Sauce family, TSL. But in that song you're talking about pimping. I mean, I'm always talking about the pimping. I mean, but You know. It is, it's, it is the p is a lot of things. It is being a pimp. It's being a player, a president, prestigious. It's being professional is being power. It is being a lot of things being a p You. know what I'm saying? And, I represent all of those titles very well. But I'm So who Created p did it come from Texas or did it come from What gunna you saying the term P Yeah, the P Pushing P. That that's, I don't push P or Well we do is something different. Just the p thing. The p itself don't come from No, no rappers or none of that.


The p itself come from the game. It comes from a a, a man with a plan and a woman with a vagina that's a little bit finer. That's what the P comes from. Okay. Some sauce. All the other stuff is like fabricator or extra. Like you can make it sound cool. It's like saying you are pushing paper You. know what I'm saying? That's, that was like about the most decent explanation that I feel that, that, that, that, that, that was given from that perspective. But the p is to be the ultimate player You know what I'm saying? And there's two sides of it. You can be a player, you can be a pimp You. know what I'm saying? A pimp is somebody who leads and tells people or gives a person a task or a strategy to go make money. That's all a pimp is, is a manager is somebody that gives you instructions to do something that they either they know how to do or they prefer to you to do it and they just evaluate what you're doing.


Like a coach, a life coach a player though, and somebody who, people that already got the money. I just play my way into the situation. All right. We got more with Sauce Walker when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj, NV Jess h Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. Lauren LaRosa is filling in and Nala is with us this morning. We're still kicking in with Sauce Walker from Texas. Lauren. So you talking about people becoming pop like popping, right. And things changing. When did you realize like you were popping like musically? I was born, I was popping. I knew I was popping. I ain't know. No, just, I knew I was him my whole life. I've been him. Came out the room room Him. Yeah, I came out the room him. I've been a, I've been like a star my whole life.


Like I told said earlier, I've been rapping my whole life. I never was like one of those kids that was like confused about what I wanted to be when I grew up or what was gonna happen for me. Like I always knew I was gonna be an entertainer. I always knew I was gonna be a rapper. I always knew I was gonna be fly. I was, I I known I was handsome my whole life. I always knew that that was, and even to say that for me, like I understand the difference between being a, a handsome man versus a man that don't that have natural You, know what I'm saying? The ability to just captivate a woman's attention. Don't Want to hold nobody ugly for nothing. You're so inclusive. I really enjoyed the conversation with you. Do you have a podcast? No. I need one. Yeah. On, on you.


I need a mic. I didn't hear what you said. You said I don't wanna call nobody, call Nobody ugly for nothing. You ain't wanna call the girl raggedy. You ain't wanna call the So inclusive. I'm so I be saying certain saying stuff about where girls are just with people in there. People just be wanting to attack me for my opinion. But Everybody's sub subject looks like She saying like, oh man, he's so informative. Like I would love to watch a podcast he talk, but then some of that shit, I say No because sometimes you be calling like you be calling people out for stuff. Like that's what I, when I your name that's Think about color like it is, I know And I, I've going to change that. The Drake moment was the moment like that's when I was like, Okay. Yeah. A lot of people know me from controversial like that. Yeah. Yeah. The whack. The whack. I'ma stand on a business regardless of whoever the whatever you Called. It's funny though 'cause you called Drake for cultural appropriation way before Kendrick did.


I did. I did. I definitely did. And if my whole city would've supported what I was on back then for the reasons that I did it, then we would've got the same reaction that Kendrick Lamar in California did.


The Summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke, zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke studio. New music from your favorite artist and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC N Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability. At k qrl.com/studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Have you made the switch to Nicks? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine wash just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


Finding the right news podcast can feel like dating. It seems promising until you start listening. When You hit play on post reports, you'll get fascinating conversations and sometimes a little fun too. I'm Martine Powers And. I'm Ella Hay Azadi. Martina And I are the hosts of post reports. The show comes out every weekday from the Washington Post. You can follow and listen to post reports wherever you get your podcasts. It'll be a match, I promise.


Oh hmm.


Ever Wolf down a Big Mac and thought I need some extra cash. Then download the Drop app. Get rewarded for dining Out and more. Use code. Drop two two for $5 in points. Download, drop. Now,


And I, think it's just a beautiful thing with, again, no discredit to either one of those artists. 'cause again, I have nothing to do with this And I. Don't give a fuck about that. 'cause I'm a millionaire. I'm sauce Walker. And I made it. I beat the black ball of the rap games of those types of scenarios. But to, to speak on that particular situation is that it's just a beautiful thing to see the, the outcome of a, a entire city and then entire state standing behind a artist that represents them well and represents their culture and just trying to defend for their culture and the culture itself. Not trying to mediate or prohibit their artists from fending for their culture, but instead standing behind 'em and and supporting that ideal.


And that's, that's the difference between appreciation and appropriation. And that's what creates the, a bigger landscape of economy and opportunity for that city. The South was in Texas. Houston especially was supposed to govern that and You. know what I'm saying? It's cool because somebody gotta do it. And. I did it. I ain't tripping him. Brot. Don't you think Houston probably looks at Drake different because there wouldn't Be Drake without Houston Prince discovered. I don't give a fuck what Houston. Look at it like. It's what I said. I'm a Jay Prince too. Like what my word is a law. Well, what I speak is the real opinions of the city of Houston. The people that's in the south side, the people that's on the north side, the people that, oh, they felt like that already. What I was saying it, it was not no, it's not make believe.


It's simple. It's not rocket signs. It was simple shit. If you in this city and you saying like what you just said. You just said that it wouldn't be no Drake without Houston. It wouldn't be no Drake without Houston. Okay, so at the time, why did Drake not, and still to this day, why did Drake not have no bunch of records with Houston artists? You didn't doing that with Atlanta If. You love Atlanta and he got it's 7, 8, 9, 15 artists that you got songs with in Atlanta. Not only does You know that the city of Atlanta was gonna look at you weird for not doing, look at you and feel a certain type of way by you, by you not making those songs and making those moments with that city. But you knew that it was also beneficial for you as an artist to make music with these songs. Because the leveling of stardom and momentum, it feeds each other.


Versus you feel that I'm just the a side artist that's lifting up this musician. If I'm going to foreign land, And, I have resources and you have resources that I want to also generate from. We supposed to share, we supposed to trade. And that's what makes everybody stronger. It didn't make sense. And it was just a total line of disrespect to me at the time. And this will be for any celebrity and artist. This particular superstar, this particular entity that's in my city, can simply make two songs with two different artists here that's going to create so much revenue from ESPNs to the talk shows to Nikes and all these huge companies seeing that, oh wow, there's Mo, there's money, there's momentum, there's lucrative in the state of Texas. Look at these artists working with these artists.


Okay, maybe it makes sense for us to run the NBA campaign behind this song with these artists. When we have Toronto playing against the Houston Rocks or Toronto playing against the Dallas Mavericks, we are gonna make sure that these artists are sitting on the sidelines and woo, do woo woo. And that's just odd that I understood from a business standpoint that that should be happening. Isn't that Required of the Houston artists too though? Because I mean, Travis ain't no slouch. Travis is a big Deal. And, I, And, I, vocally, publicly have stood on the business and made Travis adhere to that type of me and Travis got a real brotherly relationship. Like it is used to know that. Like it's been times where stuff went on where I asked and require like, Travis bro, like it is do this with this artist. So acknowledge this artist or like You, know what I'm saying? Let's, let's go do this music right here. And Travis does it 'cause Travis understand, like that's the difference.


Like Travis signed artists from Houston. Yeah. Travis has made music with artists from Houston. Travis shows the music video. So artists from Houston Oh. And knew he do concerts. Put Houston artists on the, on the bill, put 'em his main performance. He he does his due diligence. Megan Thee Stallion, she does song. She has songs with Sauce Walker, she got songs with Max Queen, she got songs with little Kiki. She got song, big Pokey. That's really being from a city being and appreciating the culture of me being in New York. I love New York. I made a New York album produced by New York producers with New York artist featured on it. You just seen Mayo just came through the window. Oh, this My Boy Sauce. I made songs with Mayo Years, years, years ago. No disrespect to Bun Beat. He's from Port Arthur.


He not from Houston. Make a lot of people would try to say, oh, well Drake made a song Bun beat Bun B not from Houston. No disrespect to him. This is Houston, Texas. We talking about. You just said Houston, didn't you, did you say Port Arthur or did you say Houston? Houston. Alright then You made an excellent point too on Bootleg Kev podcast that I want, I want you to get into, 'cause I really love what you said. It's Luther Bootle Kev, you said OnlyFans is providing women with a safer alternative to the streets and offering them a sense of intimate freedom. Yes. Elaborate on that. It's the ous substitution to prostitution. It's a way for a woman to give a man the same ecstasy and fulfillment that he gets touching her body physically. But she could do it from the comfortability of her home, in her living room or in her bedroom and, and retain the physical side of her dignity.


Now there may be an an opinion from her family's friends, coworkers, or loved ones about her body being out there on pictures. But again, like we talked about earlier, we living in a world where the average woman on the internet is showing you some form of skin. The average woman understands the algorithm feeds her pockets and feeds her marketing strategies much more when she looks appealing and sexually appealing to the eye of not just men, but the women who inspire to look like her. That's right. These are the things that are beneficial for, for her marketplace and share to sell products. A man will buy a product from another rough looking man with a scruffy beard and whoop with the whoop because of the meshes behind the product.


A woman not buying a product from another woman that, that she doesn't see in some shape of beautiful the way she looks at herself. Is that true Nyla Lauren? Yeah, Pretty much. I When you start talking about that, I start thinking about when I get my hair done. No, I did. I literally was sitting her thinking like, Because will go get a haircut from a bald head. Motherfucker would never go get her hair done. Come On bro. Yeah, when I get my hair done, you Ain't finna go to the dread lady to go get your phone to put in. No. And if I'm trying a new artist, I go to the Instagram And I wanna see how she's doing her hair personally when she goes out. Maybe she not dressed up in the salon. But I do wanna see how Sis looks on a daily because it's like, can she upkeep? 'cause then if she match my upkeep, I know she not going, you not gonna see my hd. All right. We got more with Sauce Walker when we come back.


So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. Lauren LaRosa is filling in and Nala is with us this morning. We're still kicking in with Sauce Walker from Texas Lauren With such a elevated way of learning and thinking. Like there are still sometimes though where like you put yourself on, I wouldn't even say put yourself, but you, you get into some cer like situations like that, that high speed chase are, is that like a thing of the not happening anymore? Like how does a person that thinks and knows how valuable you are end up in a situation like that? Because I'm not perfect. Crazy. I'm not, that's not a targeted question either.


I Man, I'm, I'm go have fun and enjoy life. I'm sauce walker. I'll give a damn ey. But the point of what I'm trying to say is I'm still a street man. I'm, I'm still, again, like I said, I only rap on the weekends. I spend a lot of my time in multiple cities just being out and about in the communities in multiple different trap houses, chilling with rapper, like up and coming rappers, people who aspire to be rappers. I'm still like in a grit of it. I don't always record in professional studios and backgrounds. Sometimes I'm recording some apartments You. know what I'm saying? Just to get that, that feeling and that true essence of where I started at with it You know what I'm saying? And just to also be a motivational piece for people to see.


Like you could touch success. You could be like, you see a cyber truck on the internet and Sauce Walker could bring the cyber truck right to your ghetto and right to your hood. And me having that, that connection and openness to my background and where I come from and still indulgent in some of the activities that come from where I come from. Something as simple as smoking weed and sipping drink or put you in a position to where it's like, oh damn, now I'm getting pulled over And I You. know what I'm saying though? I might be going through this and that. And I still. You didn't pull Over You know. I said, I said now I'm getting pulled. Got you, got you. You know what I'm saying? And You know it just be how it be You. know what I'm saying? You know. Like You know. I, I was just in a situation where I, you first of all You know what I'm saying?


The way that You know it was just, it is what it is. It was high. It is. Hey, I'm just about, I I I would say this. I will say this. I I I, without saying too much, I'll say this, is that I grew up where if a car is telling me or following me fast with all the lights off, I'm trained to do two things. Respond or respond. Right. Right. And in that situation, I res You know. That was my response. And I, I've had a history of responding that way. You know what I'm saying? In certain, in certain cars. And I'm just growing to change that by myself. But at the end of the day, You know it is what it is. What About when you had the broomstick and the dude was coming at you with the knife? What made You do that? I'm just violent.


Like meaning as far as like when somebody aggressive me, like brings aggression to me. I'm just, that's just how I am. You defending yourself. I don't got security or none of that. I don't do I like you just seen, I come up here with 500,000 chain on. I ain't got no big tall person with black T on in the, in the, in the little pouch. Like a little pouch. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't one of them type. I'm my own security. I beat people up. I've been to the penitentiary. Oh. I've been fighting and defending myself my whole life. My daddy's six five. Like, I, I've, I've, I have no physical fear of confrontation, death, another man weapons, guns. Like, I just, I'm from, I'm from Houston, Texas is a place where guns or cell phones and wallets, a handgun is a cell phone where I'm from, where I'm from.


Every person in this radio station got a handgun in their bag every day of their life. Every woman is trained normally, regularly to walk around with a handgun. Every single one of y'all. Oh wow. Where I'm from. When Do you give up the street life sauce? 'cause you, you got a lot to offer. Yeah, I mean I, my personal opinion, I feel that I don't think it's ever gonna prohibit the blessing for me to just completely walk away from the streets. Because what I was born into, and by me being born into this lifestyle, into this way of thinking and to these relationships with people, I owe certain loyalty, certain relationships, certain accountability of going back to the community in which I was raised in, in the people that shed my struggles and be a vessel of cleansing and healing and teaching and prosperity to them.


I have to go back and be with them. I have to go in those communities and be a part of the, the activities and the struggles and, and the conversations that's going on from where I come from to make a difference. Right. Being able to go back to ground zero, I think is just though you're, you've elevated You know you're still humble. Like where did you get all of your, your coding, like your ethics? Because I I I really come from a lot of nothing. And when I say that, I mean like, I grew up in a, a motherless home. Not a fatherless home. And, but even I saw you saying on C cheese. Your mom was a stripper. Your words a stripper. Yeah. My mom was a yeah, my mom was a prostitute. My mom was a dancer. My was exotic dancer. And my mom was also a gangster.


My mom was also a hustler. My father was a, was aspiring athlete. I grew up where cocaine, crack, heroin. The aroma of it being cooked and prepared to be used was like air freshening in, in the living room to me type for a large period of time. Then there's a period of time after that where my mother just wasn't present in my life at all for 12, 13 years. And I'm just growing up with a single father trying to chase his dream, raise me, raise another woman's family that he married, and also pay child support on me while I'm in his living room. Because if a, if a woman asks for child support and got the documentation needed necessary, she's gonna get that payment. Whether you raising a child or not, whatever.


But I say that to say with the struggles and the harshest that I grew up, and not just on my parents, because that's just parenting, just the surrounds around me. The first time I seen people get shot and shoot each other. And I seven, six, I damn. I grew up in a mix of two very wild places. My mom from Chicago, my dad from Houston, Texas. Mm. Yeah. Like I just seen it. I've experienced my Uncle Pimp. My, my uncles is dope fi my granny alcohol, my, my grandmother in Houston. My hun my Honduran. 'cause my dad is a hundred percent Honduran. My mama, my grandmother's from little cyber Honduras. I watched my grandmama died from alcohol poisoning from just being an over alcoholic. And my grandma died like four days before my sixth birthday type shit.


So like, and she was teaching me Spanish. Like, it was just so much that I saw struggle young. It matured me. Like my childhood was down there ripped from me, from just all of the experiences that I've been through. So like growing up to me, I never liked watching movies like Minister Society and the Nino Brown and Boys in the Hood and all that. 'cause I'm really living that. Like I, how can I find enjoyment in the entertainment from black struggle and black poverty and making humorous moments of it when I really got the, the Ezekiel in my doorstep getting drunk. I'm really living around Debos and, and Craigs and like, my mama is one.


My mama is a Felicia. Mm. How is that funny? How, how is this like how is this escape of of my mind? How is this a visual pleasing moment to my young mentality when this is my everyday reality that's not no entertainment that's systematically programming me to continuously be what I already living. Or to think that that's fun. You Break, you breaking the cycle now Though. I am. Because, because why? 'cause I want to be Goku If. you want You know? I was gonna say, this conversation has definitely I yeah. Sauce Walker eat On the Oh weed. But I I'm the internet. Oh, we, I am the dumb dripping. Yeah. Woo.


We definitely enjoyed the conversation, but Sauce Father Two is out now. And whatever you else got going on, man. When you in New York, pull up on us. Yeah. Man Sauce Father two out right now. TSF business. Shout out to my record label. Shout out to my friend. Shout out to The Breakfast Club for having me here. You know, it's been a long time coming man. I appreciate you having me here. I appreciate meeting you young, beautiful ladies tonight. Tell 'em how to follow you. So Just put your hands together and pray to the sauce guard and say, I need some flavor. I need some saving. And I need the sauce that's gonna find you. And. I got a, I got a podcast coming too, man. Sauce me up. Podcast. Follow us on YouTube, man. Sauce Me Up podcast. It's coming soon man. Ooh. Hopefully I get some of y'all to be a guest one day. Gonna be all over our time On now. Absolute it. Sauce Walker.


The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess while she's on maternity leave. So let's get to Jess with the Mess with Jesus. Real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess, don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare. Nobody. She don't. Jess mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And I got the mess. Talk to me. So this just broke on Variety not too long ago. Tyler Perry Divo in black.


The numbers are running up. He he basically telling y'all to talk to him. Nice. So there are a few stats on Divorce in Black and the success of the movie. I know a lot of people were like, the movie was horrible. I didn't watch it all the way through. While we keep supporting Tyler Perry, but Baby Tyler Perry's audience pulls up for him always. So the movie drove more prime video signups in the US than any Amazon MGM studio's movie produced to date. Wow. The film debuted number three on Nelson's movie charts with 498 million minutes. Watch to. So somebody Wow. Sat and watched that movie all the week. Lot of people I wanted, I wanted of somebody, A lot of people. Yeah. I'm one the, I'm one of the somebodies I watched it and then on the Illuminates movie chart, 93.2 million minutes watched during the week of July 26th.


And this was only the third week that the movie had been on Prime Video. I wanna cruise bonds for Tyler Perry. I don't know why they be playing with Tyler Perry like that. I don't know Either. I don't know. But listen, I, he's consistent. He shows it bruise. It's not broke. So he ain't fixing it. And You know what else Tyler Perry does. He's super serves black people. Tyler Perry, not trying to do nothing but super serve black people. Yes. There's not too many people who super serve black people the way Tyler Perry does. Tyler Perry, Tyler Tyler Perry is, is strictly for us by Us, gives jobs. I never thought about it like that front of the scenes. I know that she does a lot. I know you Didn't. No. Only because it's like he's grown so much because everything he's accomplished, but he, I mean All because of black people. A hundred percent. But I'm thinking back to like, like you said, yeah, my first time watching Madea on DVD, you still get the same feeling when you watch his movies now.


It's super like, I don't know. It's just like my grandma wanna watch it, my mom wanna watch it, I wanna watch it. My niece wanna watch it. I started Watching my d 'cause of my, my mother-in-Law. It was on on DVD and it wasn't even, it was a stage play. Yes. I got the, the stage play. DVD. Yep. Yep. Well yeah. Shout out to Tyler. Perry. So al to him, something that didn't go so well. The Olympics and break dancing. So y'all know this year in the 2024 Olympics, they had break dancing as one of the Olympic sports. And it's just, it was just announced that when they bring the Olympics to when they bring the Olympics to LA in 2028, break dancing will not be one of the sports. Now You know that there are different committees that get to choose what the sports are. Yes.


But a lot of people online are basically saying that this was the first time that break, break dancing was considered a sport and brought to the Olympics. And it won't happen again because of a woman who competed named Rachel Gunn. AKA Ray Gunn. And lemme tell y'all something about Ray Gunn Ray gun. Okay. Who the hell calling her? Ray Gunn? Lemme tell you, my sister has a PD PDDA PhD And dance and break Dancing And dance. You could get a PhD in dance. I I in Delaware. Oh, Delaware. What happened? Oh, at what University of Delaware, which is almost an Ivy League school. I Didn't say anything. Oh, okay. Keep giving us That. I said almost an Ivy League. It's considered, it, it's it's very top of the top Ray Gunn. But no, Ray Gunn didn't go to University of Delaware because if she did, she would've had a little bit of, 'cause her break dancing moves did not hit it.


She was horrible. She lost horribly 54 to zero. She wasn't awarded any points whatsoever. And, and more more than anything. She was like the meme of the Olympics. She was, and it's crazy because the Olympics committee said that they added break dancing because they wanted to attract a younger audience, a social media TikTok audience and baby did Ray Gun do that. But You know what I, I was watching Snoop's page and Snoop posted some of the other break dances. Yeah. And they were getting busy. They were really, really, really good. Yes. So it's, it's really messed up. I mean, I don't think break dancing is a sport. I'm sorry. I just, it's just not a sport. But the dance contest that they dad, that, that snoop posted was they were doing their thing that Interesting. You not the dance contest.


Like a 6-year-old birthday Party. It's interesting you say that because the Olympics probably stopped doing it because of the backlash they received from social media. Because social media always wants to focus on the worst of the worst. That's true. If they would've focused on the people who are actually good in break dancing, then maybe the Olympics would be bringing it back next year. Oh, that would've been amazing. But So once again, who ruined it for everybody? Since We wanna have fun. Have you seen the videos of Ray Gunton? You seen them? I had a White woman. I posted her doing the honey hop. That, that those are some of the best things that have come out of social media Olympics. Yes. Yeah. But it takes away from the people who are actually good. Right. And being that it took away from the people who are actually good, they took it away from the Olympics altogether next year. But all I know is if she could be in Olympics, I know my moves could be in Olympics.


Hands down. You got something I I I'm better than Ra Gunn, whatever. Golden. But you should never focus on the lowest bar. Focus on the highest bar. Who won the gold? I I can't be there. We don't even know who won the gold breakdown. Who won the gold. We don't. We we Don't. You see what I'm saying? We don't. Niggas always focusing on the worst. I could be Ray Gun. I, We don't even know who won the gold. Nope. You know. Understand what I'm saying? I think it's a black guy that won. I think it's a black guy. I think was it At least, was it at least America? Did America win the gold? No, I think it was Haiti. Yo. Who won the Gold Break? Dance Bad. I thought I would Google that. No, actually it was a guy named p Kim from Canada and then second was his the in their D Civil from France. Third is v Montalvo from the us.


Oh. See where you Get hay from? Made, I thought I read that somewhere. Just made that. I swear it was hay. Like I what? I swear somebody told me that. Wow. Okay. Oh, we gotta wrap it up. Dang. I wanted to tell y'all what Ray Gun has said. Yeah, Go ahead. You can tell us what she Said. She said Niggas. That's what she said. Y'all ruined it for me.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeqrl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's n.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life-changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


We are here for the history, not the hype to shed light, not fan flames. We are here for the whole story, not just a headline here to uphold democracy, uncover the facts and illuminate what matters. Democracy dies in darkness. That's where we come in the Washington Post. Switch on subscribe today at Washington post.com/iheart


Is getting gas at shell burning a hole in your wallet. Get the drop app with drop. You can earn free gift cards just by filling up your tank. Download drop now. Use code drop eight eight to instantly receive $5 in points.


She better not have said niggas. What'd she say? She Said it was disappointing that it was decided that it wouldn't be in LA particularly before we even had a chance to show it. She don't need to show nothing. Huh? That was basically she's saying before it got to like really have a couple games, like be in a different, like a couple different times in the Olympics. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Well that's your fault. Ring gun. You ruined it for everybody. She said it was possibly a little premature that that wasn't the only thing. Premature baby them, them spins was giving Tyler break. Dance is not a sport Sport. I don't got nothing to do with that argument. I'm just telling you sis. And that P Id break Dancing. Ain't no damn sport, yo. It might. It can be. Why can't it be? It's very active You. know what I mean? It takes a lot of physical energy to do.


Yeah, You gotta train. Yeah, you gotta do, you gotta practice the moves. It can be a sport. I don't see why it can't be. It just never has been but it can be. Okay. Yeah. Whatever you guys say. All right y'all. All right. Well that is just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Now we got You know all other forms of dancing that's considered sports in, in the Olympics. So why, why not break dance? It's ran considered. Could that be an Olympic sport? Why not? It could be. It could be. Why not Ray Gun? Don't you get no ideas? She better Ray gun about get on that pole now. She ain't have no ass. Does she have ass? Honestly she has baggy clothes on. She has a PhD. I think she would try anything. Okay. She better not. Alright, well he giving you a donkey Too, man. Four after the hour, we need a woman named Vera Liddell to come to the front of the congregation.


We would like to have a word with Vera. Vera is out here stealing. Stealing outta the mouths of babes. We'll discuss. Alright, we'll get to that Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Try to be a Fake Ass. Charlamagne. Some donkey days just sold themselves. I been watching Charla man. What's ready for you? Donkey? Donkey. I never heard old donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again. Charla man. I'm donkey. Yes, You're a donkey. Donkey. Everything And Charlamagne saying is true. Yeah. Donkey. Today for Tuesday August 13th goes DeVera Liddell Na Vera is a school district official in Chicago who was recently given a nine year jail sentence after pleading guilty is stealing $1.5 million worth of You know what?


Let's go to Fox 26 Houston for the report please. Chasing Chicken Wing Dreams during the pandemic was a mission. Vera Liddell when Chicago was on and the slick ass senior citizen had no chill. Prosecutors say the Harvey School district food service manager stood on business. She ordered over 11,000 cases of chicken wings that never touched the longing lips of any students. The total loss to the damn district was $1.5 million. So the question is, what did the looting lunch lady do with the wandering wings? Ra Lidell was arrested and faces felony charges now for now she's booked in the Cook County Jail where she will get three hots in a cot, but not likely any of those damn chicken wings.


Who is that on Fox 26 with all that amazing alliteration? He say, damn. He said Damn wings. Drop on the CL bone for whoever that was. Find me that person's name stood On business. Wow. Vera. This is the biggest of big activities since big backs have been doing big activities. Okay, we all know inflation has been bad, but when did chicken wings start costing more than a small country's GDP 1.5 million? Vera stole $1.5 million in chicken wings during the pandemic. All these wings that were meant for children doing remote learning but who were still picking up school meals. Right? All these kids were doing remote learning but they were still picking up school meals. So all the chicken wings were for them. Barry Liddell stole 'em all.


Okay. Barry Liddell stole enough chicken wings to last through a thousand Rock Nation Super Bowl. Halftime shows. Lemme tell you something man. Whether it's Governor Tim Walls in Minnesota, or Governor Josh Perel in Pennsylvania. If, you have some type of universal food program. Breakfast, lunch, whatever it is. I salute you. Okay? I am an ambassador for the food bank in Harlem. They provide groceries and free meals for people. I salute the work they do. If. you wanna support go to food bank nyc.org. The city of Charleston, South Carolina Hope Center, they provide food assistance for the homeless in Charleston, South Carolina. Hell, this weekend, this Saturday, I'm doing my ninth annual book bag driving school supply giveaway in most corner South Carolina at the Berkeley High School student parking lot. From 10 to one we got free fried fish plates.


And I got the mini mart. Caribbean Grocery and Cuisine. Cuisine. They gonna have a food truck out there providing free Jamaican food. Okay? The moral of the story is my point is the hood gotta eat man. All right folks is out here starving and some of us are trying to do our best to make sure they eat. So to me, Bera, what you did is diabolical. You was literally taking food out of the mouths of babies. All right? These chicken wings were for take home meals for students learning remotely. During the pandemic, the school district was providing meals for the students that their families could pick up. Drop one the clues, bombs for Harvey School District 1 52 near Chicago. These the kind of stories that I like to hear about. All right, take a burden off people.


Folks out here hurting. Put some food in some folks' stomach. I love it. Vera, you 68 years old, that's you supposed to be doing, putting food in kids' stomachs. You're supposed to be big mama. What happened to the big mamas that used to make sure everybody ate okay? Vera. 11,000 cases of chicken wings. You must have sold those to Harold's for the low. All right, come on. Now. One of these fried chicken places in Chicago came up. Who was it? Chicago's home with chicken and waffles. Uncle Reman, saucy fried chicken vera. You didn't do this without a plan. You don't just steal 11,000 cases of chicken wings. $1.5 million in chicken wings. Wow. And not have a place to sell them. Clearly you don't believe in snitching. Okay?


But you 68 and you got nine years, that mean you about to be in prison until you seven. Seven. Lord have mercy. Those wings you stole aren't the only thing that's fried because there is no way in hell I would wanna spend my golden years behind bars. I did some research and by research I mean chat, GPT, And, I did some Googles. The question I asked was, what should you be doing in your seventies? Here are some things they say. Staying active, pursuing hobbies, socializing, traveling. Can't do that in prison planning for the future. Well, at least You know where you're gonna be for the next nine years. She could socialize in prison, not the way she probably want to. The moral of the story is nowhere on this list that it say be in prison.


Okay? When you're 70 plus, you should be taking the time to enjoy the fruits of your labor and the relationships you've built over the years. If them, people still alive, but no Vera, you want to steal chicken wings from the kids. At what point do we realize there is no right way to do the wrong thing? I don't care what age you are If. you can spend time, energy and brain power playing schemes like this, stealing 11,000 in chicken wings, $1.5 million in chicken wings, If. you can work for the school district, learn how things are working internally, and then come up with the idea to successfully order and steal this much chicken wings. Then you can truly do any damn thing you put your mind to.


I believe in you, even If, you don't believe in yourself. Please give Vera Liddell the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh you all of the day. You the doggy of the day. Haw big sauce. I just, I just felt a big shadow cast over me. What happened? Did you play Wob Wob? I had a Wob Wob Wack w Wob music. The president of the Fat Lives Matter committee who's Actually slimming down. Yeah, well no, it's the animals Lauren.


But I was in the bathroom. And I. Heard you talking about chicken. So I came out here just to let You know to put some insight, okay? Because I first have some experience in this firsthand, okay? When I worked at Burger King, I used to order extra cookies 'cause they never used to really make as many cookies as they saw And. I used to order the boxes extra and then I would steal the boxes and take you just Cursed. Oh Mac. Well here's the thing. I wouldn't have no problem with that If. you actually just gave the cookies away to the kids. If. you did that and gave them away with the fact you were selling them to the kids. To not to the kids, to the mom and pops that had bakeries that You know they would sell stuff like that. I'd be like, yo, you want some cookie though? We got some top of the line, high grade cookie dough stuff for some reason and they were buying the boxes and stuff for Some reason.


I don't believe your cookies made it to the shops. I believe that too. Some of them did. I don't why 1000%. I promise you about if we would do like we do like five boxes a week, I promise you three and a half will make it. Is The statue of limitations up or can you still three and a half get arrested for this since you is that you just need Yourself can't, I can't get jammed up for that. Right? I'm sure you can. I'm sure you can. Hell Don't know what Burger King it was though. What state? I'm see you trying to get me jammed. No. Hey, you was about to say it too. I Almost did too. Yeah, but no, no, no. I, I You know what? Nevermind my bad Y'all Okay. Allegedly, allegedly more than the story you hear that hair brain scheme Matt came up with. I'm glad you started using that energy to be more creative and become a comedian and write jokes You.


know what I mean? You did something with that. Okay. If, you can come up with hair brain schemes like that to steal. You can do anything true, but that's You. know what I mean? That's right. Now when's the last Time you stole? Huh? When's the last time you stole food? Food or in general? Alright man. Have a good day sir. Yo, Jesus Christ. Oh My God. Alright Vera, bless God bless Vera though. Alright, Well thank you for that Donkey day. Vera might be the first color in the history of colors to order. 11,000 piece all flat. Auntie V. Alright, well when we come back, Vivic Ami, did I say it right? Ram Swami. Vivic Ram Swami. I was close. All right. He's gonna be joining us.


We gonna kick it with him when we we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave and Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. But Vic Ramaswamy, it's good to be back, man. Listen, I like when, I guess we can call you a politician now, Right? I'm ex politician. I was about like 10 months, 11 months. But you Might run game equate right? At some Point, right? I I was, I dropped out after I You know. I, I believe in trying to win. But when your moment isn't there, then You know what you move on to the next thing And listen, whether I agree with the things you talk about or not, I gotta give props and props to do great speech at the RNC.


Thank You. I appreciate that Great Speech. I appreciate that. Once You get to people with the call and response with every finishing your sentences. Yeah, that's You know you got something. We, we tried to, tried to be as effective as I could there the, the part of that speech that I wish I had incorporated more into my actual campaign was when I tried to talk through the speech through the camera to people at home who traditionally aren't viewed as part of the Republican base. And I think that that's something that we should all probably do a better job of. Especially as a young person, right? It's a part of my speech was talking to millennials, talking to Gen Z. I actually think a lot of millennials, if I'm 38, I'm a millennial, are pretty jaded and disaffected with policies that Republicans enacted, right?


The Iraq war. Well, You know what, it was a failure. We gotta admit that. Brought to you by the Republican party of 2004, the 2008 financial crisis as well as the bailouts, the bank bailouts, which by the way I was against before. We gotta remind people to say You know what? Both parties, including the Republican party, have been responsible for some of those policy failures. But you still can't be jaded about your country and to Gen Z. My message is you'll be the generation that actually saves the country. You don't have to bend the need to anybody's orthodoxy. Not a Republican orthodoxy, not a democratic orthodoxy. Think independently for yourself. And so anyway, I think that that was hopefully a productive message and a starting point to say we don't have to shackle ourselves through these partisan lenses.


I Agree with that. But why do y'all continue to bend the need of MAGA in? Well what is maga? Right? We could talk about that. I think that there are many flavors of MAGA and the idea of making, here's where I, here's my flavor of it, okay? I'm not somebody who tries to harken back to a past and say, oh, I want to go back to the America that I grew up in or the America that I know because You represent the future. I wanna make you t what America should be and could be. I wanna make America greater than it has ever been before. Yes. So I don't just wanna make America great again. I wanna make America greater than ever. And that's what our country has always been founded on, which involves recognizing that we're imperfect because we're human beings. We always fall short of our ideals.


We wouldn't be human beings if we'd be a nation of You. know, I know you Charlemagne the God, but we'd be a nation of gods if we did not, if we did not fall short of our ideals. But we're not a nation of gods. We're a nation of human beings. And so we're imperfect, but we aspire towards excellence. We aspire towards a better nation. And so to me, I think that's an ambitious, hopefully unifying version of AMGA message that I do believe in. And I think people are hungry for And. I. Don't think there's anything wrong with that message because It feels like at the top of the ticket, You know the Donald Trump's. And even now as vice president of JD Vance, they're always trying to take us back. That's why I do like the vice president slogan. We we're not going back. Yeah, look, I will say that. And when it comes to messaging, that was a pretty smart message.


People are interested in the future. What I think is missing right now in the race, it's frankly from both sides is a hard discussion on policy. That's actually what we need. We're less than three months out. You don't think KA Was doing a lot better at that than what we were seeing before from Biden? I don't think she has yet given us what her clear policy positions are. I think the fact of the matter is the economic policy. I was just on CNBC this morning before I came here. They're asking me what do you think of her economic policy? She has not articulated what her economic policies are. Well, She wants to rebuild the middle class. She wants to make sure everybody has The, but I'll you some examples, right? Specific policies. She sued the Obama administration when she was California's attorney general for granting fracking permits that's getting natural gas outta the ground through getting hydraulic fracturing of natural gas.


Is she in favor of that now or not? Her advisors are saying she's no longer in favor of that. We don't know. Does she favor extending the Trump tax cuts? The Trump tax cuts I think helped a lot of people. Middle class included. We just don't know whether she's in favor of that or not. And, I think Republicans, by the way, are making a mistake too. I don't think that going down the road of, I think both sides calling the other side weird. I don't think that's productive. Now, Republican response is a personal attacks and response. I think we would be better served in this election as Americans if for the next three months we have a vigorous debate on policy, which policies are better gonna lift up Americans. And the litmus test for both sides is this, can you make the case for your candidate without actually referencing the other side. So my challenge actually to a lot of the Kamala Harris supporters is the most of the case that I hear involve invoking Donald Trump.


What is the case for Kamala Harris that does not involve referencing Donald Trump at all? I think that's missing right now. Oh, I got, I got that. And for Republicans, I'd give you similar advice too. What do we stand for? Not just what are we against? What do we actually stand for? Offer that vision. And I think the country will be better off if both sides stepped up and do that. You think it's wise to go after the Vice President's race? Our question, Tim Wall's military background. When you're trying to attract independence in moderates Going after Kamala Harris for being a flip-flopper, or telling audiences what they want to hear, I think is a good line of attack because we don't know what our policies are. So I think it's an interesting line of attack to say, are you just gonna tell people what they want to hear? Or are you gonna tell your people what you actually believe about yourself and who you are?


That I think is an interesting line of attack. And that could include some cultural elements going after her for her, what her racial identity is or isn't. I don't think that's a good line of attack. Tim Waltz going after him for any part of his military service to say that, oh, you didn't carry a big enough gun on the front line of fire and therefore you didn't serve the country. That's not a good line of attack. But I think an interesting and worthy line of attack is saying that, did you lie about it? Right? You don't have, there's no obligation in this country to serve in the military. It's honorable If. you do. But if you're going to say that you served in a war that you weren't in that, then that goes back to the question of honesty. But doesn't that deflect, so draw those distinctions. Doesn't That deflect from what Tim Wall, the issue that he's actually bought up, which is there shouldn't be any military style assault weapons on the streets and the hands of civilians.


'cause that's what really what he was talking about to me. When you start bringing up, well he, I I think, I think there's a few different things going on in the Tim Wall situation. There is evidence in interviews and otherwise that he suggested he served in Afghanistan when he didn't. And that he actually did know before that he was going to be called to Iraq before he decided to actually go run for Congress. I'm not in the business of questioning his service at all. But when you're asking the question, and you haven't heard me talk about this general topic in the media at all myself. But if you're asking me is it fair game for Republicans to go after him for lying to the public? Yes. Is it smart or a good idea to go after him for military service? No, but I think that for lying to the public, for somebody who's gonna be vice president of the United States, that is, I think a line of That's still deflecting from the issue of gun Violence.


And then, well my, my whole thing is let's focus this on policy. Let's, let's have a debate on the merits of policy and where you land. Now Tim Waltz, it's interesting as a governor, you may or may not agree with the policies, but he's a governor who has increased the tax burden in Minnesota. He favors higher capital gains taxes for people living in Minnesota. It's one of the highest tax states in the country. It's not California or New York. It's a Midwestern state. Got by far the highest tax burden of anywhere in the Midwest. He's somebody who believes in a lot of the restrictions on fossil fuels. I don't know where you all are on that issue. I'm dead set against much of the climate change agenda because I think it leaves Americans of every political persuasion worse off. Tim Walls as a governor has been most one of the most aggressive.


Some people might like it, people like me don't. But he's been one of the most aggressive on implementing climate change policies even at the state level. So those are legitimate lines of attack that I think we're not going hard enough on as Republicans 'cause we're focused on other issues. Alright, we have more with Vivic Swamy when we come back. Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Jess hilarious is still on maternity leave and Laura LaRosa is filling in. We're still kicking it with Vivek Ram Swami Charlemagne, I wanna ask you a thing about the flip-flopping too. Isn't that what politicians do though? And what I mean by that is JD Vance was calling Trump America's Hitler. Right? But now he's, when it comes to Trump, he's the Hawk Tour girl.


I was like, like he's just You know off every chance he gets. And that's what, that's what a lot of y'all do. Like just politicians in general. You see here, so many different Republicans have said so many negative things about Donald Trump. But then soon as he becomes a nominee, everybody just falls in line and Normally they fall in line in unison and and, and you can raise against, raise against the machine. It doesn't feel like Trump and Vance or like it's not there like so. So what do you call that? Is that flip flopper? So here's what I will say is, is it fair game to press JD Vance? Hard on why he said certain things about Donald Trump before versus what his view is on Donald Trump today? Yes. I think that's fair game. And has he been pressed and has he answered for that? Yes he has. What I would love to see is both candidates and Kamala Harris hasn't done this yet.


And I'd love to challenge her to do it 'cause I think it's good for the voters of the country. She hasn't sat down for one media interview of a hard pressing one-on-one variety yet. And she's actually the leading candidate now when many of the polls for us president. So I just think we deserve a country where the people are.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar, prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio, new music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize availability@cokeql.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try Nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


I have a way to make your morning more efficient. You can get caught up on the news in about seven minutes. That is my promise to you as the host of the seven podcast from the Washington Post. And in that time, I will run down seven stories, everything from the most important headlines to fascinating new information you might miss. Otherwise. My name's Hannah Jewel. Go follow the seven right now wherever you're listening and we will get you caught up.


Ever wolf down a big Mac in thought. I need some extra cash. Then download the drop app. Get rewarded for dining out and more Use code. Drop two two for $5 in points. Download, drop Now Belinda show up. She show up here. She show up on on CNBC where I was this morning and actually engage in hard questions about what her beliefs are.


You saw JD say what you will on three shows. Watch tomorrow day, yesterday, yesterday. Pressed on exactly that very issue. Yeah. And I. Think that's good for the American people to then be able to make their own judgment. It's not your judgment or or the journalist's judgment, but it's what people at home are able to see, to assess. Do I actually believe somebody who believes they changed their mind over the course of time. Kamala Harris might have changed their mind. And, I. Think it's okay. Flip flopping is one thing. Changing your mind thoughtfully is another, but you deserve to be questioned on it. And it's up to the voters to decide whether or not they believe you. Right now, we're not getting that chance. And I. I do think it is You know you're saying. Well we hopefully we're gonna see that. I'm not, I'm not sure yet that we will. It's been about a solid month that Kamala Harris has been the presumptive nominee.


We got the convention coming up. What? Yeah, this coming week. Next week. I think it is vital for the health of this country that the same treatment that the media gave Joe Biden in that last few weeks after his debate. They didn't do that for three years. Yeah, for three years. We missed that. The fact that it took that early debate and Donald Trump demolishing him in that debate for the country to suddenly wake up and say that Joe Biden is not a functioning US president is actually a damning indictment of the entire media and its relationship to the political class. So we can't make that same mistake with Kamala Harris. I think the media needs to demand that she at least face the same kind of questioning that frankly JD Vance and Donald Trump are getting right now.


And then the public is, it's up to them to decide that's, that's a functioning demo. But again, 'cause you're not implying by her not doing the interviews and based off the way that Biden was treated in those last couple weeks, you're not implying that you don't think she's competent to be the president of the United States. Right. I'm saying the media's covering for her right now the same way they covered for Biden for three years. You think they're Covering or you think that she's just using hard, They're not playing hard. They're not not paying the she's, she's using a strategy. Okay. I think she's using some smart, Which politicians Do. That's fine. But I think it's the media's job now to cut through that strategy and say, this person very well could be the president of the United States has at least a 50% chance right now according to most forecasts of being the next president. She deserves to be questioned, not with kid gloves, but questioned with the gloves off on what exactly her policy vision is for the country.


Until that happens, I think the voters are hiding in the dark. And that's what allows the machine to work. 'cause we know she's, she, she's questioned a lot on that behind closed doors. Who's funding the campaigns of both parties? You know behind closed doors. A lot of donors ask a lot of questions. That's how you raise hundreds of millions of dollars in just one month. The voting public deserves that same level of transparency. And one of the things I will you say what you will about You know, you could criticize either side. I like that Donald Trump showed up at the Libertarian party convention. Right. That's a third party. I like that he spoke to the National Association of Black Journalists in Chicago. I'd love for Kamala Harris to show up at the National Association of Black Journalists face. Well, she Wanted to but they wouldn't let her do the virtual thing. You guys, she does have a day job, But, but the day job still vice president.


No, but the day job is run. Come on. At this point she is going full time, running, reading off a teleprompter at the rallies the same thing four times a day. She should show up for that interview if Donald Trump sits, sits down with the National Association of Black Journalists. I'm sorry, a scheduling excuse is not a valid reason for the, for the, but Don't we know what competitor To also Show up, but if, if Kam not to cut you off. I'm sorry. If Kamala is down with NABJ, we know where she's going conversation wise. Right? I think it's honestly, I I, It's certainly true. I don't think that's true. I think that, I think the person who did that interview for Donald Trump, if they had taken the same approach with respect to Kamala Harris, I think that'd actually be pretty good conversation for the country. I don't Know. If, you would, I would, I wanna fear on, I wanna see the Vice President on Fox News. Yeah. I think she should go across the room even Even better.


Right. So one of the things I liked, I mean Donald Trump went to the Bronx. People could say wasn't the real Bronx or whatever, but he showed up in the Bronx. You showed up in South Bronx, showed up in inner cities in the country. Even in my own campaign, I went to the south side of Chicago, went to a room full of what? 95% black, 95% Democrat. It's not a traditional Republican primary location. I went to Kensington in the inner city of Philadelphia. Speaking as a former candidate myself. I could tell you those trips had an impact on me. Right? It had an impact on my view of a national unity that I believe is possible in this country that I wouldn't have had if I hadn't showed up there. So with all that being said, you think the repub, the Republican Party, will have a person of color as a presidential nominee at some point?


I think it's entirely possible in the near future. Even If, you look at even 2016, Ben Carson at one point led in the polls. If, you look at 2012. Number one for a little while was Herman Kane as well. And that's 2012. I think we're even different in 2024 relative to 2012. Frankly, even in the race that I had, I mean I was, I was running You know briefly ahead of Ron DeSantis at the early parts of the debates that put me at number two next to Donald Trump at certain points in the race. So were there some headwinds for me? You got Ann Coulter's comment. Was that representative of a broader current Yes. Yeah, that exists. But was that the reason why I did not succeed? Or am I gonna pin the blame on that? No, I think it comes down to everybody has their own unique challenges.


People have biases of all kinds. It comes in a lot of different flavors. But if you're running to lead the country, it's up to you to overcome that. Is that surmountable? Yeah, I believe it is. And do I think that at some point in our lifetime you're gonna have somebody who is not a white man, be the Republican nominee and successfully elected US president as a Republican? I think definitely think overwhelmingly likely. I think they should have made Nikki Haley the nominee this year. I disagree with that. Our, our, Our put our puter as vice president. It would've, it would've been a tougher ticket to beat than this. And I disagree with that Based on ideology. 'cause she And I have deep seated different views about our appetite to interview Conflict. You view different than Trump. Yeah. I I have a lot of different views Than Trump. You don't really like Trump's politics. Vivek. Well, I have, I've been very clear that I don't agree with Trump on a hundred percent of policies.


I ran for president for a year. I was very, making clearly the case of where I have some slightly different policy views than Donald Trump. Hopefully that makes actually my reason for endorsing him at least credible to the people who followed me during the race to say I'm not changing my policy positions. I still don't agree with him on a hundred percent of policies. But I'm voting for him nonetheless because I think he's gonna grow the economy and solve the illegal mass migration crisis, which I do think is hurting this country. And, I. Think those are the two issues that matter most to the next You know, 4, 8, 10 years down the line. But Ami, y'all always a pleasure sir. Good to see you guys. I like when you pull up, let's just You know. Keep the conversation going. Yeah. See what happens. I Love it. Absolutely. Thanks. It's The. Breakfast Club. The. Breakfast. Club.


Morning everybody. It's the J Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get to Jess with the mess. Lauren LaRosa is real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lie. She don't spell nobody. Why Jess world? Why mess on The? Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. I forgot the, with Lauren LaRosa. It's cool. Alright. It's cool. So you guys know Young Thug is still fighting for his life in court. The YSL case. It's still very much a thing.


So they returned back to court for the first time in a few months. And YSL Woody got back on the stand. Let's take a listen. Did you tell Detective Thor that when you met with Kel at the cat case skating ring, he asked you to call the, okay, so this what happened. Okay. The police kept locking you up for whatever they could and they keep bringing up thug name. So what I did was to get 'em off of me. I said Thug did this. Thug did that thug because I knew they were never, I knew he didn't do it. In my mind. I knew that the police would never go mess with him. So it was easy for me to try to throw the blame off on him. To get them off of me. And that's what I was doing from all these years. I don't remember what I done told them in the past, but my whole motive was thug did it because I knew he didn't do it and they couldn't lock him up.


And they keep talking about thug, thug, thug, thug, thug. So guess what I'm gonna tell them? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What what else you want me to tell them? Yeah, he killed this first. Yeah, he did that. And that's right now If, you tell if I walk out this thing and, and they say they police stopped me. Now. Hey man, gimme something about the, I'm about to make something up about him again. I have no idea how this has not been declared a mistrial yet. Yo. We've been through three judges. Discover isn't been three. Yeah, Three. It's three judges. Damn Discovery violations. Yep. People lying on the stand longest as running criminal trial in Georgia history. And every single time we watch a new episode, it gets more and more ridiculous what he got on the stand that said he lied on Young Thug to save himself. There is nothing else to talk about. I don't see how a jury in good conscience could ever find thug guilty.


Yo, listen that A private meeting. They had a private meeting in the Judge chambers, which Is crazy. So wait, we got a second audio. Listen to this one. Y'all trying to put this on my s Y'all trying to put people life in my hands. I don't lied on people. I don't want to be here. Y'all have pressuring me. I'm tired of y'all. 'cause y'all know y'all are wrong and y'all black people doing this to us. And. I understand that. Leave me alone. Let me leave man. Y'all, we got, listen, I don't recall nothing I said to no police. Stop asking me these questions. Okay? I'm telling you. I don't recall. I understand. But we're gonna have to get through the questions. You can just continue saying you don't recall. If that's what it is, You can't tell him what to say. When a man gets to the point where he doesn't even have no more lies to offer, That's a yo that's an annoy When you arguing with that man, I know that prosecutor was pissed.


Yes. You be so mad when it's like he don't even got nothing else to say. Because That's the prosecutor's witness. Yeah. He was the star witness and he and, and the stand, he keeps making sure his immunity is clocked in. Like, I can't get in trouble for this. Right. And then goes to say what he's saying about not having anything to do with nothing, have nothing to do with Young Thug. How can any juror in good conscience ever find thug guilty thug Coming home? That That's that with this case, he, I don't see how you don't come home. Thug Is coming home in the that first mix tape album, whatever after this. Oh, thug is gonna be the biggest thing ever up. Even bigger than what? I mean he was already big up. But it's gonna be crazy when comes home. Absolutely. It's up. It's up up. It's up up.


It's Up up. No it didn't Noah ly. So you more Olympic stuff. So you guys You know Noah Lyles has been like the conversation of the Olympics, but there's been a little bit of a controversy around some That's a track Stall, right? Yeah. Track star who had covid then didn't have Covid, then went to the party, but all that stuff. So last year he had actually criticized the NBA the the NBA Olympic games because they declared them like champions of The World or something like that. And he made a comment basically saying like, how y'all gonna call them champions specifically? They had invited him to something for Anthony Edwards and he was like, I'm not going. They they, they didn't even win. Like how are you guys gonna declare them anything? He was talking about the fact that he wanted a shoot but from Adidas at the time and Anthony Edwards was receiving one.


So this year when they won, one of the players commented on X like, okay, so are we national world champion yet? So that brought back up the controversy. So he, so Noah Lowes actually had to come out and tweet that last year. There was a rumor that was going around that he didn't go to Anthony's Edwards shoe release because he didn't deserve it. He says this is not the case. He definitely deserves his shoe. He's an amazing player. The problem was finding time based on my prior engagements con congratulations on becoming an an Olympic champion. Now, when he said his comments last year, he said when they invited him, you want me to do what? You want to invite me to an event for a man who has not even been to an NBA finals in a sport that you don't even care about and you're giving him a shoe.


So I think that this is happening because he still wants that shoe and it's just a, it's just a bad look for him after everything he just went through in the games with not getting a place he wanted in that second. Didn't you want a gold though? He won A gold Gold and bronze gold and then a Bronze. Bronze. It is sad because, but There was controversy Rhonda though, but Everybody's talking about everything that You know all the things outside of his accomplishments. I mean he won a gold in the Olympics, which is amazing. He won a bronze in the Olympics, which is amazing. He should be focusing on his endorsements and all the sponsorships he can be getting from all this. It's interesting though. I feel like he should be able to pop as much as he want. 'cause he won, he got gold in the bronze. You can talk your talk. Yeah, but I feel like people are talking more about the controversy stuff than, and that was Last year that controversy started.


That was, I mean that was, that part was last year. And I didn't know nothing about that though. I heard about that in the last 20 while I knew nothing about Store. Oh my. Oh no, not here. You mean other places? No, Just in, yeah, just in general. I just wanna hear What that, but I think it's, I think it's because people are making him out to be the villain of the Olympics because of the whole Covid not covid thing, party thing. So people are just pulling up stuff. So he trying to keep his slate clear 'cause he wants those endorsements to come his way. Yeah. I don't know. I thought they were mad at him 'cause he was in the party and he was allegedly had Covid. They were that that too. Oh. There was a lot of unprotected tests going on in Paris. There was worse things being spread than Covid. Alright. Okay. Okay. Alright. How Did we get there? That's just with the mess. That's Lauren LaRosa. Thank you Lauren. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. Get your requested right now.


It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in while Jess is on maternity leave. And I. Just wanna shout to everybody that I ran into in Shreveport had an amazing time out there and salute the 50 cent. We brought the Drive Your Dreams Car show out there and he brought a host of other things. I mean, he had Kat Williams, Andrew Schultz and, and Dave Chappelle on stage. I love hearing my guy Andrew mention with all of those, all of those legends. 'cause he's, he's a, he's a legend in the making and He and he killed it. People, people loved his performance. People loved all the performances. He had about 30 comedians perform.


Then the next day he did a whole concert with every, every artist from all older artists like Keith Sweat, Alby Shore, Monifa, little Mo. So for real to the Baby, to He Getting Money. Yeah. Skill. It was so many people out there. So I, I just wanna salute to him 'cause what he did for that city and the, and the fact that he didn't have no major sponsors. So he paid for all that himself. Like all that he paid for himself. So I just wanna salute to that brother. Man. He ejected a lot of money into that city. And that city is so happy. And there was no violence, no problems, no shootings, no stabbings, no killings, no fighting, nothing. It was just a safe, peaceful event. So salute to to 50 cent. And then this weekend we gonna do it again in New York for the Drive Your Dreams Car show at the Meadowland Expo Center in Jersey.


So I just wanna say salute to him. Salute to fifth, salute to Lauren LaRosa. Two, three weeks pregnant and don't even know it yet. Congratulations. Congrat You. know your girl. Do You know yet? Don't congratulate me on nothing like that. Earlier weeks. I'm not even Okay. No, no. Who's the daddy? Say what's, shout him out. Y'all. Damn you blushing. Crazy. That's crazy. Come on. 'cause y'all gonna mess up. Y'all don't even know what I, what if We mess up? Y don't even know how many holes I I got holes in Delaware. Holes. What I'm saying? Holes In Jersey. Holes in New York. What you doing? Are Y'all gonna church this Sunday? Nah, That's how, that's how you curve something, right? Be like, are you gonna church this Sunday? That's how you ended up getting pregnant, going to church. You probably rekindled with him at a church in Delaware on a fine Sunday.


Like, oh yo. She did tell me a story about how some dude from her past was telling her how good he is in bed now. He didn't know what he was doing back in the day. Yeah. Oh no. She told us that last week. Yeah, last week. Friday He told us that. And he tried to spin The block like, man you fell for that Lauren. No I didn't. That's c That's my cousin now. Huh? My What? That's my cousin now Delaware. We like Delaware. My cousin now to Delaware. I right one time. Delaware. It's from Monks Corner. That's right. Yeah. I'm sure it's a lot of cousin intermingling down there as well too. I'm sure I never, well I did once. Yeah. What Is You know what? What? What? I didn't know. Was it A cousin, first cousin, second cousin?


Nah, nah, nah. It was like one of the fourth cousins Down. That's not true. It was one of them cousins that was at the sleepover sleeping in the ground on floor. No, it wasn't. You just have no morals. It Wasn't, it was like one of those things get Off of me. I'm not pregnant up. Please. You come from a small town though. All of y'all might be cousins reality. You never know. No, we do know. I mean, You know who your cousins are at this point. Not really. You know who the first, maybe the second is, once you get to third, fourth, fifth, you never know. What Are you trying, what are you, what are you saying? I'm saying you pregnant about your cousin You know what? When we come back positive up, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in while she's on maternity leave and we got a salute sauce walker for joining us this morning.


Salute Sauce Walker. Man, my guy. He's got his dude album out Sauce Father two. It's out right now. Also, Vivek, AMI, Vivek Ram. Listen, You know you don't always have to agree with a person to enjoy having conversations with them. You know. And then Vivek is one of those people who, man, if he wasn't just so beholden to Maga, he do got some cool ideas. You know, but you just don't know You. know what ideas are his and what ideas are You know, just propped Up Pro what ideas are propped up and the things that he's saying just to appease Maga, right? But yes, he comes up here. So's sl to him. Alright, And I.


Also wanna say my back to school drive in Fish Fry is this Saturday from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM in Monks Corner, South Carolina at the Berkeley High School. Student parking lot. You know I got the backpacks for you. The free backpacks, the free haircuts. The free school supplies. We got a fish fry, right? So Free fish, we got the Minimart Caribbean Grocery and Cuisine. They gonna have the food truck out there providing free Jamaican food to salute to them. Buju Bonton was at their spot last week enjoying a meal. Oh dope. So dope. Yeah. So they'll be out there with the food truck. Bou was in South Carolina. Bougie was in South Carolina. Word. I didn't believe it either till I saw the picture. I was like, why the hell was, that's I'm saying why was Bou in South Carolina?


In South Carolina. But yes, he was there. He probably got a first cousin there. He might cousin. He probably had probably as a first cousin there. He might have a first cousin there. But yes, this Saturday, 10 to one pull up on US Berkeley High School student parking lot. Now leave us on a positive note. Positive note is simple man, your life isn't yours, If. you always care what others think. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done High icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single Chassen featuring Meghan Trainor out today. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words.


Listen to Chassen from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


I'm Victoria Cash And I Wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky lands slots.com. That's lucky lands slots.com. And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. BGW Group Boyd, we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply Modo us. Visit Modo us for the best free place Social Casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and casino. Hold them. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins, and exciting promotions. Register today at Modo us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello, do us


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior. Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.