
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our pastors dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursdays nine eight Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


The NFL is committed to sticking to your game plan and always betting responsibly. If. you bet. Remember to set your limits, never chase your losses and only bet what you can afford to lose. To learn more about responsible betting and discover resources to help build your game plan, visit the National Council of Problem gambling@responsibleplay.org. If. you or someone You know may have a gambling problem. Please call or text the following 24 hour confidential helpline. 1-800-GAMBLER.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


This is a morning show for last sake. DJ Vy better known as the people's choice. This Sl to my light-skinned brothers out there Just hilarious. Just for The World wide best. Just don't do no lying and Charlemagne to die. Don't everybody come to The. Breakfast Club. I call this the Hot Seat Breakfast Club. It's like being on America's front porch. Don't feel Like my wrist. I never talked to me. Every time I go to the S club, I know it's gonna be like a good One. I'm getting high. Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess Is on Maternity Liam. Good morning, Lon LaRosa. Good morning.


Charlamagne. Gap Piece to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump day. Good morning. How do y'all feel out there? Good morning. It's Wednesday. Middle of the week. What up, Lauren? Nothing. It's cold outside here. It's been Chilling. Well, it's called fall. Yes. Okay. It is fall in the tristate areas. It's definitely getting chill. So better Get you a winter coat. No more. Get you a winter coat. Okay. Get you a jacket. I don't know why you come out the house like that anyway. With nothing on your arms. I got right into the car. See, I You ain't got no jacket. You learn. No, I have a jacket on today. But I did today. I was like, today's the day You don't have a jacket. You know. Usually you have jackets when it's warm out. Fashion. It depends On my outfits. Chilling. Young stuff. Listen, Why everything? Because I'm young. Because y'all do that.


Y'all wear shorts in the winter, like white people. And. I don't. And y'all wear hoodies in the summer. Wear hoodies. Winters to me. Leave me alone. Don't make no sense. Old people think everything. 'cause we young. It is. Y'all don't know. No better yet. Don't worry. You gonna learn this fall, winter. Oh no. I ordered a cold coat yesterday, but I go to, or some Mike, I got a varsity on the way for Adell State this weekend. Yeah. I'm, I got my stuff With Dell State this weekend. That's her Homecoming. Homecoming season. It started. All right. That's, I told Y'all, well, only, only her school. Most of the other schools is in, in the end of October. We used To, we used to get it. We used to be the end of October. They moved us up this year. I don't know why, because Nobody goes, Don't do that. I'm just asking. It was style. It was a lot of people there last year. Don't do that. It's weird that it's so early. Like usually homecoming, it starts in You know.


Yeah. The second, third week of October. Fourth week of October. Yours is just like, I think they wanted us to set the tone. So y'all other schools that you unfortunately had to attend the other HBCUs? No. No. You know what I mean? How y'all should be coming. What Y'all got coming this year? Kevin Hart. I Don't know. Yo, they, if Kevin Hart popped up on Ki I was gonna say, they'd be so mad. They'd be so excited. So Kevin Hart happy. They'll be out there. Selfie out. Shout out to everybody. That taking picture was cut it out. They was freaking in them. Go hair group chats upset at Kevin Hart. If. you don't know what we're talking about. Kevin Hart said that Delaware is not, Delaware State is not A-H-B-C-U. It's just a bunch of on campus Meet rolls on Campus. Listen, I'm about to be one of About weekend. You about to be one about this. What? I'm gonna be all the spirituals, swag, surfing, nothing If you buck.


And. I. Can't wait. October 4th. Back ass up before I let go. Better do it more. October 4th. We are in Wilmington, Delaware. Delaware State at the Queen Theater Saturday, we, we go down to the school to tailgate. And then afterwards we are doing a party in Smyrna. They bringing back the Bubbas vibes. If you, If you went to school in Dover You. know what Bubbas is. So look out for that. Shout out to DZ and the True Hustle worldwide team. We about to have a good time. Explain To the people what Delaware is. But over the, The first state. Do I have to explain that Place where Biden's from? Yes. Biden's from there. Yep. Yeah. Biden is from us. The people Knows Biden. Is y'all mascot? No. The girl. The people know That is y'all mascots Sleepy Joe. But Ute to you. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get back out there for your homecoming.


I think I did it a bunch of years ago. Actually. I think I did it with Kendrick. I think I did it with Kendrick Lamar, like fired. That had to be 19 years. That had to be so long ago. That went 19 when? 19 when? It was a long time. 19 when? Probably 2011. Yeah. It might have been about, yeah. 10. It was a long time ago. Delaware State University Homecoming goes up every single year. I'm always excited to go back. Message. And this my 10 year Salute to Delaware State. Yes. We're gonna have a good time. Now. Today on the show, we have a, a bunch of guests joining us. We have comedian Act. Dion Cole. He'll be joining us. The Old Spice Man call Dion Cole. What it is. Okay. Dion. Cole has a lot of things on his resume, but he is officially our generation's Old Spice Man. He is. Okay. And he's got a new Netflix special.


Okay, Mister. All right. That's out right now. And oh, my heart will be here this morning. My heart, the good sister Stephanie Mills. Oh my goodness. She's on a new Broadway show called Hades Town. You Love yourself. Some vintage women. I, I love, I love Stephanie Mills. Okay. And Pat LaBelle. And Pat LaBelle. You ain't even got a type like I said, you Who? Your top five vintage Patty LaBelle. Stephanie Mills. Angela Bassett. I don't know. I gotta think about the other two. But those top three, that's a solid three. Yeah, those top three for sure. Type Three. Who else he loves? I know those three. Those three. He be all over. I don't be all over them now. I'll cut it out. That just sounds crazy. Yes, you do. No, that sounds deep. It got to the point where Pat Patti, the Bell's son had to call him and be like, yo, bro, I enough 20 Years ago.


Really? Yeah. That's my guys Now SL to Z. But back then it was like, yo, bro. Enough's enough. Like enough that 20 years ago, like, bro, enough is enough. That's my mom's that 20 years ago. Like that was a long time ago. Cut it out. Free up. All was tough. Bring Up all stuff. All right, well let's get the show cracking. Front page news. Walking. What we joining And. I said, y'all watch the debate last night? No, I Went to the game I was at to New York. Liberty versus Las Vegas. A game. Dropping the cruise mind for Aja Wilson. Even though the ace is lost. Oh my God. Nobody won Last night. You saw the, what's the elephant's name that be performing for the Liberty? Big alley. Yes. Did you see her? Yes. Okay, We'll get to it in front page news. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get some front page news. Now, last night, I just wanna start with some WNBA playoffs.


The Liberty beat, the ACEs 84 88. They lead the series two. Nothing. Yeah, I went to that game, man. SLU the Asia Wilson. Okay. In the Las Vegas ACEs. Great game. SLU through the Liberty two. It's a fantastic game last night And the Lynx beat the sun. The 77 70. There's a lot going on. Of course, there's major league baseball playoffs, NBAs coming back in NFL. So there's a lot, a lot of Sports on. I don't, I don't watch baseball. I tell y'all all the time, I like baseball better when everybody was on steroids. Okay. In the nineties. It was such a great sport. It was. It just was. Morning. Morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Yeah. So let's get into it. 'cause it's a lot to cover. In case you missed it. The vice presidential debate between Ohio Senator j JD Vance and Minnesota Governor Al Didn't see a lick of it.


Who won? I keep seeing I everywhere I'm reading, they say JD Vance won. He oh, On CBS news last night, the poll show. Of course, a tight race between this happens as there is a tight race between Vice President Harris and former President Donald Trump. I ain't gonna lie from a personal perspective, Vance, he looked like the more composed I told y'all he did. But they were very polite with each other. He thought I was gonna have, he was Very polite. Yeah. Very respectful towards each other. They did stick to the issues. And it was like old school politics. So the candidates spoke on the topics of housing costs, childcare, women's reproductive rights, healthcare, the rising tensions in the Middle East, guns, gun reform, immigration, hurricane Helene, and of course, more so on the topic of women's reproductive rights, Minnesota Governor Tim Walls.


He criticized the former president for bragging about putting anti-abortion conservative justices on the Supreme Court while he was in office. Meanwhile, Vance says there are diverse options on abortion. And that states setting their own policies make sense. Let's hear more on the topic of abortion from those VP want not wannabes, but the VP candidates. Lord Jesus, Their project 2025 is gonna have a registry of pregnancies. It's going to make it more difficult, if not impossible to get contraception and limit access. If not eliminate access to infertility treatments. That's nobody else's business. But those things are being proposed. And the catchall on this is, is well, the states will decide what's right for Texas.


Might not be right for Washington. That's not how this works. This is basic human right As a Republican who proudly wants to protect innocent life in this country, who proudly wants to protect the vulnerable is that my party? We've gotta do so much better of a job at earning the American people's trust back on this issue. I want us as a Republican party to be pro-family in the fullest sense of the word. I want us to support fertility treatments. I want us to make it easier for moms to afford to have babies. And I know we're running short on time. But when it comes to the southern border, an immigration V called for mass deportation of criminal migrants while walls touted VP Harris's work out on the border as an a California Ag.


Let's roll the audio on the southern border. You've gotta re-implement Donald Trump's border policies, build the wall, re-implement deportations. Kamala Harris was the attorney general of the largest state in a border state in California. She's the only person in this race who prosecuted transnational gangs for human trafficking and drug interventions. The candidates also spoke on the rising tensions in the Middle East. Of course, this comes yesterday as around launched as many 200 missiles at Israel. We'll talk about that more in detail. In the seven o'clock hour the US worked with Israel to defend the country from the attack. So, so far, what have you think about the candidates and what you heard regards to the debate Last night?


I thought, I, I thought Tim Wal told Wal had a, a bunch of great stories, things that connected, but I think JD Vance was, he was on top of it. I would say this was, was very surprising that they were very polite with each other. Yeah. Like when JD Vance, when Walsh talked about his son seeing a, a mass shooting or a shooting instead of going on, JD Vance was like, I am so sorry that your son had to deal with that. I didn't know that's How, that's how humans should interact. That's How they should. But didn't Absolutely, we didn't see it in this race. And the fact that we seen it in this race showed a different side of JD Vance and the Republican side. To me, that's what I thought last night. I agree. It didn't change my mind about anything. But I, I did notice all of what Envy said, and when they asked Tim Walls about the, like his service and his time, the way, the way he responded and just how not composed he was, I, I felt bad for him.


'cause I felt like he just comes up as such like a nice person. And I was like, they gonna drag him for that. He, he just didn't, he stumbled over answering the question. It didn't Seem confident. Sometimes It caught him. It, I don't even know how it caught him off guard. 'cause like you had to know they were gonna talk to you about this, but he was not ready. Like poker face wise. To answer that Question, OO one of the reasons JD probably looked crisp is because he be outside like every Sunday morning he's on these news shows. He's fielding questions, whatever nonsense, whatever lies come outta his mouth, he still addresses them head on. He does every week. And sadly, a lot of times when you look, look younger, you just sound fresher. Like Tim Wall sounds good when he's at rallies. He's like, yeah, granddad, you can get a prep. A prep rally hype. But You know. It looked totally different in the, in the debate.


Morgan, Let me ask you one question. Did you feel like every time Walsh answered it was with a story, like it was, it was, it was never a complete answer. It was like, Not not too much on granddad granddads and uncle always got a story. Something. It was, I can't even tell you that's it was, I can't even tell you how I feel about anything until I tell you the story. Yeah. Don't do that to granddaddy Now. I find that to be what I find that to be both of them. But yeah, it always will. I grew up this way. And I. Well, You know and it's kind of like, well just answer Your Question. That's Right. Lemme tell you about Mary. Mary went to get an abortion and she drove over here and then Mary died driving back and forth. And then it was about abortion. But those stories are important though. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But everything was a story. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't watch it last night though. I was watching the Liberty ACEs game. I could have cared less about the TV debate. Oh yeah.


And I told y'all JD Vance was probably gonna win that debate. All right, well Then came up. They didn't, he didn't bring up JD Vance talking about Haitians eating dogs. They did. They did. Okay. Did JD bring up tampon? Timmy? He didn't say That. He didn't say tampon. Tim Tam, when they brought up the ha go Ahead. Actually talked about that on he was tweeting that or truth socialing, whatever you wanna call that. He was posting that on truth social. He did call him tampon Tim. Oh, Okay. All James. It Lattice front page news. We'll give you more next hour. All right. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. I'm tall. I'm Hey, what you doing man?


I'm Call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest, whether you're mad or blast. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, how you doing this, Aaron? How you doing Aaron? What's up? Getting it off of your chest, brother. Hey, I just wanted to talk about the topic y'all was just on, about the debate last night. What did you think? I think the debate was, was great. I think, like you said, they both were talking like people. Yep. But I think it's really important not to get, not to get too the Echo's crazy. I think it's important really not to get too tied around the fact that, that they were being decent people and not to focus on their politics.


They were, they were having an old school debate last night. But just because j D's being a decent person doesn't make him a decent politician. You can, you can tell by the way that him and that him and the other candidate, how they go back and forth, you can tell he's a decent person, but also he's 10 toes down behind all the work, all the weird stuff that Trump is like standing for You. know what I mean? You Absolutely right. You absolutely right. But sadly, You know we live in an era where that's what, that's not what debates are based off You know. If debates were based off policy, Trump would never win one. And, And You know the the sad thing about it is And I noticed this last night with my daughter JD Vance has been so he's been out there so much. People know his name Walls is just the other candidate.


Like he just said the other candidate, he never even say wall's name like You. know what I mean? And my daughter's like, dad, that's JD Vance. What's the other guy's name? I know he's with Kamala, but like, she didn't know because like you said, JD Vance has been out there every weekend. He's out there, he's, he's doing what he's supposed to do. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Al Brooklyn Al from Brooklyn. What up? Get it off your chest. Hey, I thought JD Vance, I know who I'm voting for, but I thought JD Van sounded civil, sounded, sounded respectful. And I. Think the bad thing is is he's going to be, he has to follow up behind an idiot like Donald Trump. Mm. Okay. Well thank you. But that's what I was saying. He sounded, he sounded human yesterday. He didn't sound like a nasty monster. He sounded like a regular person, which was surprising.


Yeah. Didn't sound like it. Whoa. Oh nevermind. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, man, calling out of Florida man. Will what up? Get it off your chest bro. Hey, y'all acting like y'all ain't seen that movie that Puff Daddy made and he told y'all everything he did at all them freak off parties. What movie you talking about? Get him to the Greek. Absolutely. When he gave Jonah Hill that blunt and didn't tell him what was in it. And then he told him to turn around and, and and rub on the wall and he's still behind and whispering in his ear. And Jonah Hill was like, oh this feels so good bro. He just told you what he did all the time. That's what you waking up thinking about this morning. You thinking about did he freaking off and rubbing on Jonah Hill? No, I thought I thought about that when, when I was looking into it.


The, the show from yesterday. Oh okay. Where y'all was messing with when y'all was messing with Darnell about it. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Thank You. Well Yeah, that's crazy man. He did it. Told y'all everything he did in the movie and y'all ain't paying attention. Goodbye Will. It's so funny how they take every single thing that you've ever done to paint a case. To paint a picture of you. Yep. I was looking at the video, the can't nobody hold me down when Diddy be dancing behind Mace and they like, what the hell was Diddy looking at the whole time? And it looked like Diddy just stand at Mace's ass like man, what the hell is happening? Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The.


Breakfast Club A new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake Up whether you're mad or blessed, It's time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We want hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this DJ Heavy? What's good? This DJ King Canada for Washington DC What's Up brother? How you feeling DJ Kit Kat? Fantastic Man. Fantastic. What You said? What? You said he did sound like Kit Kat. What you say? You said he said DJ Kat King. King Cannon King. Oh, king Cannon my fault. What up King Cannon? Yes. Yes. Charlamagne. I was calling for you man. I was upset with you. You forgot off the benches Vagina list.


Pam Greer. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Pam Sade and Chaka K Now see outta all of them. I'm gonna go with Chaka K. See I like melanin You. know what I'm saying? Like You know. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Okay. You know I Feel you. There you go. I like Melanin You. know what I'm saying? No disrespect to them sisters. Pam Grs amazing. Shaday ISS amazing. But I like melanin so outta all of them. I take Chaka Chaka Khan You. know what I'm saying? Chaka Ka got the Chaka K got them legs too man. But You know Jay Daniels. We going to the Super Bowl man. Hell to the commanders man. Y'all have a great morning Man. Bye. Shout out to Shaka. I remember one time Shaka Khan called my phone. Man, that was amazing. Which school you phone for? What? Say I don't Oh, You know why when I, when Chaka Khan and Stephanie Mills did the the verses.


Okay. And I did, I did like their promo for them. Yeah, you did their promo. Yeah, I did their promo for them. I'm telling you all ladies love me. They respect this nineties rom fine over here. They call 'em old ladies. Them them, them divin them vintage ladies. Old old ladies love me. I'm sorry that's, I love old ladies. Those vintage ladies love me. They respect this nineties rom fine. You hear me? Hello? Who's this okay? Yeah man, it's J from Indy. What's up Ja? What's up? Ja, My brother's out man. I need some feedback. I'm ready to put him in the headlock. He been institutionalized too long and ain't nobody in my family saying nothing about it. What? You can't ring the doorbell without him getting going crazy. Jesus Don't dangle no keys. Like tell us what's happening.


Nah, he just come back out. He got the prison jokes he cussing in front of, in front of my mom. I'm ready to put him in the headlock man. Oh, what's the prison joke? Yeah. What's the prison joke? Everything gay, right? Yeah. Every, that's why I called J. Exactly. So he's, that's Why he called J His boxes and his, his You know the D word. And I'm like man, ain't nobody trying to hear that in front of my mama. And he like, I'm a grown man dude. And I'm like, he got one more time and I'm gonna put him in the head locked this weekend. So I should I take him down because I know he, He gonna whip your ass J. Even He been fighting for his life, his backside for a long time. You barely leave him alone. Leave That. Leave that man alone Jay. No you see you. You handling this all wrong. Ja. What you supposed to do is pick up that phone and you say you got one more time and I'm calling the white man to come pick your ass back up and put you right back where you belong.


Okay. But He might not be scared to go back. Yeah, he probably is. But if he not You know you at least gotta threaten him with it. I got you. All right man. I appreciate y'all. That's Right. Have a good one. Man, white listen, white man always got a place for unruly Negroes. Yeah, we gotta worry about that. Okay. Hello? Who's This? Hey good morning. This is Dex Dex. What up? Get it off your chest Dex. Yeah man, I'm up the fields up in my neck man. And they telling me I gotta go to jury duty man. Jury duty. Where you from? South Carolina. What Part? Florence. You got any felonies? Yeah. You Been arrested before? No, no, no. Oh. I don't know what to tell you then because that's how I get out jury duty. Me too. Okay now, now I'm in the process of getting my record expunged and You know getting pardoned and all of that type of stuff.


But You know when I do get called jury duty that that's my go-to You have friends on law enforcement, family members on law enforcement? Nah, I ain't got none of it Man. Oh yeah. Nah, you gotta go down there then Enjoy. Go do your civic duty man. Civic. Yeah. We need more of us in the jury anyway 'cause you never know what kind of case you might be trying You know it might be a case where somebody really needs you, But the problem is like he said, the brother gotta work, he can't work and jury duty pay you what? $20 a day or something like that? How does, how does Work yo get paid time off for that? Yeah. How does work handle jury duty? My brother like If, you got jury duty. What do you tell your job Man? I'm dropping man. So I got a role man. I got a role to make this money. Got you. And they talking about $10 a day. Damn. So for you brother. But you should tell 'em that You know. Sometimes you can tell 'em. Tell 'em I can't afford to miss work.


And then a lot of times they'll let you slide If. you tell 'em that. I have Told 'em that the other day and they say, man, I let you off of work. What about all the other people in here? Damn, You got a baby? Yeah. Tell 'em you gotta watch the baby. They ain't gonna care about that. Yeah they do. Hey yo, our baby. Just tell 'em the truth. Like You know they Did. They said no They don't care. They don't care that you're a truck driver. They said they don't care. Nah, they ain't care all Well listen, take you after jury duty before you get arrested. Have a good one. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just the mess with long LaRosa coming up. Oh Lord. We do. Diddy Is about to


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome Aboard the Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're tending to our pass for our dreams. I'm in from 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I Have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Walbrook. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The NFL is committed to sticking to your game plan and always betting responsibly. If you bet. Remember to set your limits, never chase your losses and only bet what you can afford to lose. To learn more about responsible betting and discover resources to help build your game plan, visit the National Council of Problem gambling@responsibleplay.org. If you or someone You know may have a gambling problem. Please call or text the following 24 hour confidential helpline. 1-800-GAMBLER


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills or other signs of infection, liver or kidney problems or or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Yeah, some more lawsuits are over 120 people that some lawsuits are about to be filed for, including a 9-year-old boy. You. know what the crazy thing about that? We'll talk You know that law firm got 2300 people that called in and said they wanted to sue And I 2300. They only picked 120 people. So that just tells you what Going on. And they taking 30 days to to file for the 120 people. 'cause they said they wanna get it right. This is this. Let's talk about it when we come back. Yeah. We'll we'll get into it next. It's the breakfast slogan. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Laura. La Rosa Music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't she Don't spare nobody Bro. Why? Jess worldwide mess On The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I back And I the Mess. Talk to me Now and more. Diddy News Diddy will be sued. And. I say will be because nothing has been filed yet by at least 120 people in the next 30 days. So there is an attorney named Busby, last name Busby. And this attorney, his name is Tony Busby. He has it's basic, it's almost like a, like the class class action lawsuit vibe where you get a bunch of people to come together that say similar things happen to them and then you move forward and prosecute.


So he says that in 30 days he'll be filing lawsuits on behalf of 120 plus victims who alleged that they encountered various things with Sean Combs. Diddy, according to him, it's everything from sexual abuse, drugging, a lot of the common stuff that we've been hearing. Like they go party, they get drugged, they're You know with him by himself, and they get drugged and allegedly and then something. And then sex happens, but they don't want it. And then friends of of Sean Combs join. Join in, allegedly. Now let's take a listen to Tony Busby at the press conference yesterday announcing this whole thing. This individual who was nine years old at the time, was taken to a audition in New York City with bad Boy records.


This individual was sexually abused, allegedly by Sean Combs and several other people at the studio in the promise to both his parents and to him himself of getting a record deal. Another instance, another minor told allegedly by Sean Combs, that he would make him a star, but he needed to visit with him in private about it, away from his parents. Once they were in a private area, allegedly Mr. Combs made the victim perform oral sex upon him. Another incident, an individual 15 years old at the time, flown to New York City to attend a party was drugged and then taken into a private room where this female individual minor was raped and then other individuals took turns raping her.


Now it's, it's interesting how when the indictment came out, folks said, well, it's, it's, it's no age kids in the indictment, there's no sex with minors in the indictment. But now he's got 25 minors allegedly accusing him. Yeah, I Mean, it's sexual assault. It sounded crazy. Like I said before, they said that 2300 people reached out to the law firm and out of the 2300 people, I guess they decided to go with just a little over a hundred. Which seems like it's, they just put out the number and everybody's calling to see if they could get a check. It's insane. Hmm. It's insane. Now again, he did say that nothing has been filed yet because he says he wants to make sure that they do their due diligence and get this right. Now we are why They do a press conference Because he wanted to, I mean, the lawsuit was out there and there were reports about it because it not the lawsuit, I'm sorry.


'cause nothing was filed. The rumors and the conversation about this happening and the fact that he had been telling people, If, you have something that you wanna bring to the, the forefront in the eyes of the law. He said, solicit contact Me, soliciting more people. Right, right. So that was out there. So I guess he wanted to explain what was about to happen in their findings so far. Now we have also been saying like, well who else is a part of this? Because there's no other names. He says, Tony Busby says that they have names of not only people, but they're, they plan to take down corporations behind us as well too. Let's take a listen. The Day will come when we will name names other than Sean Comms. And there's a lot of names. It's a long list already. But because of the nature of this case, we're gonna make damn sure damn sure that we're right before we do that. But the names that we're going to name are names that will shock you.


They will be revealed when that particular individual case is ready to be filed. They already know who they are. And, I'm talking here about not just the cowardly but complicit bystanders. That is those people that we know watched this behavior occur and did nothing. And I'm talking about the people that participated, encouraged it, egged it on. They know who they are as we identify them. Each will be part of this case as defendants. These defendants will not only include individuals, but would also include corporate entities who ultimately profited off of this culture and behavior. I'm looking at banks, pharmaceutical companies, hotels. We know, Well, you asked the question If, you said You know. Why did they do the press conference? They do the press conference. And he throws all of that out there because he's hoping that those corporations and those people that he's talking about will settle, settle before he starts naming names.


And, and they gave And and he basically put them on the time clock. He said 30 days. Like we, we wanna do our due diligence. That's right. But that gives you a time clock. Now he's claiming that his clients were raped, allegedly sexually assaulted aeg, allegedly sexually exploited by Diddy and these associates. And again, he's saying that the, the the common, the common thing between a lot of these stories where there was a, a drink that was laced or tran and then things happened. Now for his past, he sued some other celebrities. Chris Brown, Travis Scott, to name a few. So Deshaun Watson. Deshaun Watson as well too. So I mean, he says names will be dropping. So I guess we gotta wait for this to be the, to be found to see what happens. But Those, those are the threats that they put out there, hoping that these people or corporations or whoever it is, settle.


A hundred percent Yes. Because they like, he's probably, they've already contacted them to let them know, Hey, 30 days this is coming. I'm naming names. So what you wanna do. Yep. And a lot of times these companies do settle, not because they believe they have any wrongdoing, but because they just don't want their information. They don Want the bad brand and the name. They don't wanna go through the trials and the courts and all that. So sometimes it's just easier for a company that's worth hundreds of million dollars just to cut up, throw some bread, a hundred thousand dollars check and say keep it moving. Well, Wendy came outta nowhere. Deli mail. I had an exclusive yesterday. Wendy spoke on Diddy and You know we've all been saying for a while that a lot of this stuff she was already talking about for years. And she said that, she said, what is really weird is that I've been told by so many people, Wendy, you called it. She said, even people from her family have reached out to her to let her know that she had already called it.


And she says that it's about time that something is happening in, in relation to Diddy. And she says that when she saw the video of Cassie on tv, she felt like it was horrific. But you have to think how many more times, how many more people, how many more women is just so horrible. So yeah, I've Never heard, did Wendy accused Diddy of committing crimes? She just always accused him of being gay. Freaky No gay. Oh well gay and freaky. Yeah, That's gay. That's what she said. Freak but freaky gay. Freaky. But here's the thing about Diddy's situation, right? It it, it don't need any more sauce on it. Like it needs zero seasoning. He's pretty cooked either way. But it is, you need to tell me a lawyer found 120 people. Exactly. 60 men and 60 women. Oh, it Was more they they cut it down to that number, Which exactly 60 men and 60 women.


The perfect balance of cheeks. Like, come on now, balance of cheek, come on. And then, and then when you create things, when you say a one 800 did, did he rate me hotline? How do you expect humans to operate in good faith with something like that? Like how can you go through those calls and pick who's credible? Not talking about 20 years ago, yo I was in a club and he did this. Like it's, I don't even, I don't even, I'm just saying how do You know that these people are making accusations in good faith? Like you think that you put a hotline out in this era to The wide web, hundreds of thousands, probably millions of people calling. You think people ain't playing because you have saying how, how do you, how do you go through those things and pick who's credible and who's not? That's, I I How do you get the job for the, the person that vets the Diler hotline like that?


Like honestly outside of the attorneys, they have to have did Youy stories. They're gonna go with That dude. It's like, I I don't know what are did juicy stories? What are the perimeters, the stories that's gonna hit the press, the stories that people are gonna talk about, that's nine times outta 10 what they're gonna take. Yeah. It it's just things like that which make our, it feels like it makes it our No, it does, it makes our judicial system a joke and it ruins the validity of folks with real accusations. Exactly. And and, and granted again, these things have not been filed, so we gotta wait to see what may be real, what may not be real. But it does. I I wouldn't go if I was a, if I, if I was a victim, I wouldn't be a part of this like, major lawsuit. It just looks Like I'm not calling a hotline. Yeah. At all. But the problem is, is, is If, you are a victim. A lot of times you can't afford to hire an attorney. So usually an attorney like this will do it for free.


We'll do it on the strength of if we got a point, I get a third. You got point. That's why people go to these type of attorneys because they can't, they can't afford to, to pay for an attorney man. And you see why these, the reason he's calling out these corporations and these pharmaceutical companies. 'cause that's where he gonna have to get the money from because Diddy ain't gonna have no money. Diddy's gonna be spending all his money fighting his criminal case and fighting these civil cases and fighting him civil Cases. This is 120 cases right here. That's about 12 to $20 million. Oh. Easily. Just him defending just him having to answer those civil easily. But You see, but you see they know what they're doing. 'cause look at us. And that's Before trial. That's before they even go to trial. That's before anything is even filed. Yes. Like there's not even a filing. And, and look how deep we had to dive into all of this. So we are gonna wrap it up here. That was the first hour That's right.


Of just with the mess with Lauren Osa. All right. Now when we come back, Morgan Wood be joining us. We got front page news and then comedian, actor Dion, Cole's. The Breakfast, Club. Good morning, you Are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news now, quickly. WNBA, the Liberty beat the ACEs 88 84 and the links beat the suns 77 2 70. Now what's up Morgan? Yeah. So yesterday was a lot going on yesterday. The White House says Iran's attack on Israel appears to have been defeated. National security advisor, Jake Sullivan, said the US helped defend Israel and continues to work with Israel to assess the impact of Iran's attack.


Now yesterday Iran launched nearly 200 missiles at Israel. And of course, as mentioned before, the US helped end the defense of that attack. Let's hear from National Security advisor Jake Sullivan. The United States military coordinated closely with the Israeli defense forces to help defend Israel against this attack. US Naval destroyers joined Israeli air defense units in firing interceptors to shoot down inbound missiles. In short, based on what we know at this point, this attack appears to have been defeated and ineffective. We will consult with the Israelis on next steps in terms of the response and how to deal with what Iran has just done.


And we will continue to monitor for further threats and attacks from Iran and its proxies. Yeah. So following the attack, Iran issued a warning saying that any retaliation would result in a quote crushing response. So I'll continue to keep you guys abreast as to what's happening in the rising tensions in in the Middle East. Meanwhile, here on the home front, the US Department of Justice will review the 1921 Tulsa race massacre. The Oklahoma Supreme Court dismissed a survivor's reparations lawsuit earlier this year. Attorney Demario Solomon Simmons represents the two remaining survivors of the 1921 massacre and calls the announcement a joyous occasion.


Let's hear more from the attorney. An amazing opportunity for us to make sure that the what happened here in Tulsa is understood for what it was the largest crime scene in the history of this country. For our federal government to have never ever recognized this with an actual report is a travesty. It was a si a a, a conspiracy of silence that has gone on for decades and decades and decades. This has been a difficult journey. A lot of obstacles, a lot of odds, a lot of opposition. But today we have a victory. I tell you what, man, if this was any other, if this was damn near any other race in America, those people would've been compensated already for what happened in, in in in Tulsa on on June 1st, 1921.


And, and it wouldn't even be a con It would've been, it would've happened a long, long, long, long, long, long time ago. Yeah. So that's essentially what the survivor descendants say. The review is long overdue and a step towards acknowledging the suffering endured by survivors and their descendants. The Justice Department, civil Rights, cold Case unit plans to release its report as part of the Emmett Till Cold Case Act. Again, you said the incident happened May 31st and June 1st, 1921 in the area known as Black Wall Street, when white mobs killed dozens and injured more than 800 black residents and tore down businesses and more so. Oh yeah. I think on May 30th is when the young brother named, named Dick Rowland was in the elevator and that's when the whole situation happened with the white woman named Sarah Page.


But I think in the June 1st and like the early early morning is when they started the mob started rioting and burning stuff down. Stuff down. Yeah. Right, right. So moving on and bringing things here locally in New York. Mayor Eric Adams insists he's done nothing wrong and despite being accused of bribery and more, he refuses to resign. Adding the city is still functioning now. The mayor's legal team claims the US attorney for the Southern district's in New York, illegally tricked info connected to the investigation like raids and subpoenas to the media For nearly a year. Let's hear from Mayor Adams in regards to what's going on. I put my life on the line for this city. I'm never going to harm the city.


I can do this job. And I will continue to do this job. And I have the right team to do the job. That is the purpose of we have a system of justice where we don't, we try cases in courtrooms and are not in boardrooms or the streets. So they're calling on Manhattan Judge to hold a hearing and are also demanding sanctions arguing in a motion filed on Tuesday that the leakage made it impossible for Adams to receive a fair trial. Now Adams is already seeking a dismissal for the charges against him claiming it does not meet the federal definition of bribery. So again, we'll continue to keep you guys posted in New York as to what's going on with your mayor.


And that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio app. Visit BN news.com. And I. Just wanna say, I don't know what the mayor is guilty of, And I don't know what he is not guilty of. But I don't believe he should resign simply because you are innocent and self proven guilty. That's correct. And, I will keep saying this over and over. If Donald Trump can run with all his charges and his convictions and Eric Adams can stay on his mayor. I agree. I I, that's just how I feel. Alright. He said somebody gotta do the job. The city is still functioning. So he said he's going to continue to do the job of the city and then that way allow his lawyers and his law team to handle what's going on in regards to those charges.


And, and, and honestly in a, in a lot of ways, America has set precedent. You set precedent by what you have continued to allow Donald Trump to do. A hundred percent. It's just that simple to me. Alright, well thank you Morgan. Morgan. And, I with That. Thank y'all. Have a great day. Alright, now when we come back, comedian actor Dion Cole will be joining us. The Old Spice Man. Yes. So we gonna talk to him next. He has a new Netflix special out called Okay Mister. And we'll talk about it when we come back. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Ro is filling in and we got a special guest in the Building. He getting all the money too, by the way.


All the, don't let nobody tell you different all the morning. That's bad. Nobody tell you different. I peeked the Gucci on the pocket acting Stand up. Don't tell you different endorsement Spice. Come on. He's the Old Spice. He's the old Spice man. Did you ever think Dion Cole? You need an Old Spice man girl. Like, like you the Old Spice Man. Ladies gentlemen. Dion Cole. Dion Cole was there. No, I wouldn't. IIII never would've thought it. Yeah, yeah. But hey, what's going on? That's, that's one hell of an intro. All the money went. How You feeling first and Foremost, brother? Great man. I'm great, man. How y'all feeling? Y'all less black and Holly favored brother. Yeah. Thank you man. Thank you for sharing your platform and all that. Always before, Before we get into to, to all the stuff that you're doing, I just have to ask, since we started the Old Spice commercial right, I know you talk about it a million more times, how did that come about?


And did you ever expect it to be as bigoted as it is? I mean, Be the Old Spice Man crazy. There's only been two that I remember. Right, right. You know what I mean? He comes on football games. It like, it's, it's What's the audition process For that? How did that happen? No. So I had been doing Blackish and I was doing all these characters like on this show called Anti Tribeca and Blackish, all these kind of like left kinda characters, You know. And so they came to me and was like, man, we we looking for a new guy. And I was like, I ain't got no muscles and shit. They was like, because that was the first thing y'all went to. I was like, I think they want me to ride a horse or have muscles. And they was like, nah, nah, we looking for a guy that's like You know, just regular nextdoor guy that you can hang out with or whatever.


And I was like, ah, okay. Yeah. So we talked and next thing I know they had me on a flight to Portugal to go shoot some commercials and stuff. And I went out there and did it and had me doing like, You know the, the how they really get down, like throwing rocks in the woods and swimming in shrimp streams, fish catching my mouth. Just all this weird stuff. When I got back to the States, the fish fishing in the mouth. Yeah. It was real weird. How many times did you have to do that? At least nine times. I fish jumped my mouth. And I had to stand there and do this. It was wild You know. They was like, I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do it right. Yeah, I'm gonna do it. Well, but when we got back to the States, they was like, nah, we got another campaign we wanna do.


And all, everything that I shot was like out the window and they was like, nah, but what do you think about this? And they came And. I was like, oh nah, this would be great. Like whole thing about men have skin too and Yep, yep, yep. The whole campaign. And I was like, yeah, I think this might, this might work. And we shot it and boom took off. Well it works because that's all I use is Old Spice Body washing. And I never did that when Isaiah Mu Faso was the, was the old spike man. Okay. All I used is Old Spice Body Wash for real. Dion fired though. For real. So not to Get into, into, into the finances, but you get paid every time a commercial Plays. Nah. So they give me, they, they pay me once a year, like flat boom.


Like Man, that commercial runs All the time though. All a lot. Yeah. Nah, they get me one flat fee and then they off to the races with it. You know. Yeah. Well congrats love though. Now You, you embrace your age, the fact that you 50 brother because you don't have Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You look amazing. For 50. Thank you. 50. 50 plus. 50 plus. You do that in the new special of luck. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, definitely. That's what the title is, right? Okay. Mr. The Young girls like, yo, that, that title, like, okay, that title right there hurts so bad. They Say Mr. Kn, or like o Oh yeah. You said you were like, og. No, I like og. Yeah, that, that title on hurt so bad that I was like, my name is special.


That it just, it just sums up everything. Like once a woman calls you that we're like, okay, hey, hey, how you doing mister? Or Okay man, you'll be like, oh god damn. I Ain't gonna Lie. I hate it. I hate it. Hate YouTube man. Don't. Why you don't like Mister? Well, they say they, Hey, Mr. Kel Grown. My daughter's 16. Her friends better call me. No wait. You talking about like somebody, like somebody that's young but you like, not like young but of age that like you might be potentially interested in and they call You Mr. It just depends. Just anybody calling me, anybody call me Mr. Up. Be like, man, You know I ain't, I don't feel that way towards white folks though. Like, I like, I like Mr.


Like when they call me Mr. They talk About dating younger women and dating older women, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So What's the issue with younger women? One of our co-host The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before.


It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson.


It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu. State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth.


To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Walbrook. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. The NFL is committed to sticking to your game plan and always betting responsibly. If, you bet. Remember to set your limits, never chase your losses and only bet what you can afford to lose. To learn more about responsible betting and discover resources to help build your game plan, visit the National Council of Problem gambling@responsibleplay.org.


If, you or someone You know may have a gambling problem. Please call or text the following 24 hour confidential helpline. 1-800-GAMBLER Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me, but after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or MBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs.


Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite. I here single? Yes. Okay. I was watching it like you traumatized. What's going on? I did not traumatize. I gave y'all love. I just was saying like, y'all got like, y'all got a lot of energy. Y'all on a different page and You know when you old and you pay a lot of taxes.


You know. You just You know. You don't really don't want all of that. You know you say You just wanna high fiving and go to sleep. You Just wanna chill. You know. Just sit back in the cut and chill. You don't wanna do all that stuff. You always Wanna go somewhere. You know somewhere. Then when you do go somewhere, you on your phone the whole damn time. It's like, what? What are we doing? You know, 17,000 photos from your door to the car. It's like, yo, I it's just different You. know what I mean? And so You know. I'll talk about it. You know. What's the worst experience you had dating a a, a younger woman. I remember she had a old spirit. Let's just say that. Right.


I went to her house one day, man. And she had like a j Cole poster on the wall. And I left. Why Poster? She had a poster on the wall. Like, But is it like poster on the wall? It's not like frame. It's not like a memorabilia moment. It's like, nah, it Was, it was a poster, Like a high school girl poster. The college like, yeah. Like, yeah. Like, So not like memorable. You signed what if it was Michael Jackson? If it was Michael Jackson, I would be like, ah, that's cool. You know, depending on I guess the frame would the make the difference. And there was no frame. There was no frame. It was, it was tax. Like, just, just tag Cindy. I just showed up over there and was like, Hey, are we gonna go out?


We gonna go hang out. I was like, all right. She was tall as hell. I thought she was older. You know she was. Where Did you meet her at though? Where did, where did I meet her at? I met at at comedy club. Okay, at a comedy club? Yeah. And I was like, yeah, we can, we can go hang out. And she was like, yeah, lemme stop the house first. And we went to her house. And I. I was like, yeah, I'm gonna use the bathroom. And I went in there. And I looked And. I said she got the j Cole poster in the bathroom. No, no. I was walking to the bathroom. And I saw Jake. I just was like, man, I ain't feeling well. I'm gonna go ahead to the hotel room, man. She probably thought you took a dump in the bathroom. Came To the Bathroom like, I'm Not feeling well. She, she probably knew I was bullshit because as soon as I closed the door, I opened it up and left.


I was like, yeah, yeah. I'm get on outta here man. Let's talk about the vintage ladies, because you get into them too. Yeah. Yeah. What, what, what about 'em? Yeah, what's your, What's your not what bottom. So that's, that's what you, you lean more towards the vintage ladies? Do I lean towards them? Lean more? Yeah. 'cause we got, we got stuff in common that we could talk about. You know, I can't really talk, I mean, unless they teaching me something that I don't know a younger woman, they could teach me something, but I gotta make sure that it's in line with what I'm trying to do with my life. All right. We got more with Dion. Cole, when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The.


Breakfast. Club. Lauren Laro is filling in for Jess and we still kicking it with comedian and actor. Dionne Cole. Lauren Do these older women, like you've called a older woman in real life. A vintage woman. A vintage lady. What Could you, what can you teach me right now? This I don't, I don't know. I don't teach lessons on See, And this is why. Yeah, Back to the vintage ladies. I Used to say vintage vagina. But then, But you don't say that to them in real life. They said That Life. You say that to them in real life. You used to What? Vintage Vagina and vintage ladies. Oh, used to and vintage women. Do I call women vintage and To their face? Like Yeah. How do they respond? They like that. Yeah, they do. I mean, vintage is a word that's, you gotta look it up. And. I say in my special, it means like rare. One of a kind. That ain't like no bullshit. It's like vintage, like you saying old vintage.


Like, I'm just Asking the question Why we Yeah. It's like, it's like a good thing. Like ain't nobody gonna buy a, you gonna buy a vintage Corvette. Like you not just You know what I mean? It's age Like fine wine. It's, yeah, That's what it is. It ain't no diss. I'm not being defensive. I was just asking a question. If All the women I call vintage, anything over 40, all the women over 40 look better than these young girls. Man, it ain't even close. Not too much on us, man. If that's the truth, it ain't even close. Not too much on us. And look, They a little bit, they, they're a lot. If I'm gonna make up a word funner like they are, So that's what I could teach you is how to, yeah. Oh no. Look, you can be, you can, You can be, they're a lot More fun. You can be like a fun like this. But they, What's their type of fun, Their type of fun is, Hey, I'm an empty nester.


All my kids is gone. And, I got 300,000 in the bank, 500,000 in the bank. Let's go to Fiji and Go's kick and lemme show you the kind of fun I got. Dang. I'm not upset with y'all because that's what we be on too. We would rather have the, that's what we want. We, you Said, you just said you just wanna go to Miami. Oh No. See what And and y'all want like Go Miami. Crazy Miami, Just go to Miami. None of wanna Just go to Miami. Take me to live this. All You want is live in no food when they in the same corridor. Like that's not the one for you. No, I'm just saying like you would want to go on a trip or whatever you, but you won't pay for it would you? Why can't I pay for a trip?


I'm asking you. I'm not trying to assume I would pay for a trip. You would pay for a trip. Okay. But would you Tell your friends you paid for, would you tell your friends you Paid for my old girls? Our chat is a little different. If it's worth it. We doing all that. But We talk about the majority of women, not just you. Right. Well you've been major, you've been putting us all in one category. No, I have Not. Not lying her ass off. This yesterday's not true. She said I'm Ty man, I want a man. And I'm tired of paying for thing. You said that yesterday. I did not say that. You said that Mr. Actually Taylor said that. Taylor said that yesterday. Said, I thought you said too. I did not. I'm tired. These curtain rabbit.


And you hang these Curtains, bad curtains. You said you wanted to go to PGA Golf. What? Yeah, let's do it. It's an even exchange That he said she's tired of paying rap. That's what, what what she said. Lemme tell you something. You say when I tell you I tried to do it myself. At first you see these nails. My mom was like, girl, If, you don't get you, you are behind, down off that chair. She went out in the hallway, was this man just doing something in one of the other apartments. She said, excuse me sir, can you come help us? He happened to work for TaskRabbit. And. I was like, yeah, for sure. He hung them curtains up in 10 minutes. I was trying for an hour. Wow. See I had, I was trying to find the studs and all that. It was just a lot. So Stephanie, Stephanie Mills, Hey Ms. Mills, as Ms. Mills walks in.


Yeah. Ms. Mills heard vintage and walked right in. Right in. Don play with you at the right time. Don't play with just talking about vintage ladies. Wow. Look at the way she is way better than these young guys. That's vintage. That's look at the way she is looking at him. That man has flu. He is red and she gives him a nice hug. Look, look how he just melted into her. I, I see it. I'm watching you see that? Do you see that? Yes. I a girl. Look, you see how she's hugging? That's right. I this like the back. Look at that. There's there's something in the way. She make me feel something the way you would make me feel.


I swear. Coming tonight. Oh my God, you hear this? Wow. Okay, Dion, you go, I'm jealous. You still got the lipstick on. You see that you, you ain't gonna be able to make a man feel like that for another 20 years. You ain't gonna be able make a man feel like that for another, you got red lipstick on your, that experienced age. Yes. It's red lipstick. You ain't gonna be able to make a man feel like that for 20 years, Lauren. No, she Made me high. So it's okay. You ain't even know what that was when she walked in the room. First of All, stop Playing with me. She definitely didn't know who that was at first. You didn't even know. Did You know who was I?


I interviewed her when I was at TMZ. Stop playing with me. Oh, I love style. Like y'all Been really acting like just because we're younger, we might not like consume everything all the time that y'all do. That we are like idiots or something. No, We not saying that at all. Nah, not idiots. Just dumb. Not idiots. Like that's VARs. Harsh idiots. Oh, thank You. Thank you for the grace. I appreciate the empathy. It's just differences. You okay? You are able to finish. You Need some water? No, no, no. That blew my mind, right? That she just beat she be hanging out. No, she did. Y See he, I'm coming back.


I'm coming. I'm coming right now. I'm coming later. I'm coming tomorrow. I'm coming right now. Don't that See, did you, you see that was that You see that? Can you have, and I'm just asking, have you ever walked in a room and just made a man? No. You have not. I have. That's what's up. That's what's up. Hate Don't Gotta Pick a side. You gotta stay over there and get over there. Over here capping right now. Ain't C ain't no be nowhere. So he don't know.


I would've heard about it. About it. How Pivotal was Blackish for your career? Man, Blackish was everything. It was everything. That show shit have still been on, man. And I, shout out to my boy Anthony Anderson. I was just at his house. We was over there eating and kicking it or whatever. And Tracy and everybody, but I hate that show ended, man. We supposed to have kept going. I really don't even know. I think it was a money situation, but I just wish we would've just stuck together. You know what I mean? With the money thing. And that show would've been on, you mean like the people in the cast wanted more money or Yeah, the money situation. And this is just from what I was told or whatever it everybody was doing, they own deals when we all should have just went in together.


You know, appreciate You know. I mean, it just, it came together. I think a Abbott Elementary just did that. Everybody bumped up like bang. A modern family did that. Everybody was like, You know And I just always had this issue with why, why we didn't do that or whatever. Everybody went on their own deals. I remember I told them, I said, yo, the guys in the office, me and Jeff and Peter, the the two white guys. I was like, I told them, I was like, man, they need us, man. So look, we gonna go in there and make our deals. We gonna do our deal You. know what I mean? And if not, we we not gonna sign You. know what I mean? And so I remember I, my people went, talked to them and they was like this.


Yeah, they already signed. Oh wow. And I was like this what? Whoa. And they was like, yeah, And I was like And I called one of the guys. I was like, dude, what's, he was like, yeah, my daughter's gotta go to college, man. And I was like, oh my God. And so I had to You know. So did y'all, did y'all even attempt to have the conversation as a cast to say, let's go in there together? No, nobody even did that. But I, I was wondering, I remember one time I was, I was even talking to Ant And. I was like, did everybody negotiate that stuff? An was like, yeah. Everybody going in on their own. Everybody doing they own And. I was like, I was like, all right. And I was like, man, we should just go together. Together. Yeah. He wouldn't have told y'all. No. You, Anthony Anderson, Tracy Ellis Ross, Jennifer Lawrence.


Like we had, we had the weak. I think we coulda really did And I. I don't know what happened, man. I just hated that, that that dropped the, that dropped the ball. 'cause that show could have still been on. We still had some firepower in us and we all could have really like made some money, money You know, because I think they was really making money. I really wasn't like making like crazy money, shit like that. So, alright, we got more with Dion Cole, when we come back it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club, DJ NB Jess Aria, Charlemagne Ne Guy Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking in with Dion Cole. His Netflix special is out right now. Okay. Mister Charlamagne. It feels like average Joe got a whole new life too.


Once it hit Netflix. It was like, it was, it was on, I had to, I thought people was talking about a new Dionne Cole show. The way he was talking about, let me tell you something man. You gotta believe, you gotta believe in you, man. Like I, I know it sound cliche, but it is really real. Like you really gotta believe in what you feel. We shot that show a year and a half ago, almost two years ago, and it was on BET and nobody seen it, but I just knew that the script was dope. Nobody did dog. Nobody seen it. Like it was like just over there and nobody was like really checking for it like that. But I used to, I would tell BET I'd be like, man, we need to market this to like You know a murder audience because it's about murder Gore money.


You know marketing this to Tyler Perry's audience and the people that's on BET the Sunday Gospel are like, they, they not gonna really be. That makes sense, right? Yeah. So I was like, man, we need to go to like the ID channel and You know. And so it just never worked out. Then when I heard that they were talking to Netflix, I was like, man, this is what's gonna happen. Netflix is going, this is is it is gonna do what it's supposed to do because they have them kinda shows and they gonna partner them with this And I think that's, that's what's gonna make the difference. And sure enough, man, they, they partnered with Netflix and they put that thing out. That thing went like crazy, man.


I was like, man, shout out to everybody that watch Average Joe too, man. I really appreciate it in there. Yeah. Yeah. Still going crazy. So we get in season two? Yeah. Go. I leave January, we start shooting in Cape Town. Oh dope. See, congratulations. Yeah. South five. Oh wow. Yeah, we going down there. Thank you. How long you gonna beat on there? Like four and a half months. Ooh. Yeah. It's gonna be crazy. Yeah. Gone there shooting and come on back and make it happen. Baby You know. Yeah. Is it, is it true you once bombed at a comedy show? 'cause you got high with Paul McCartney? Oh yeah. That just happened. He it is, it just Happened. It just happened. For what? Yeah. You smoking weed smoke with Paul. Ain't that crazy?


That's what I'm insane. No, he just, man, I walked up in the, in the improv and they was like, oh, I Did see that. I see. Yeah, I Did see that. Yeah. It was Man s been everywhere. I walked up in the improv and they was like, like they saw Ghost. They was like this Paul McCartney's here to see. Oh, y'all cool? Nah. Like, not like that. No, because When he came on stage and y'all were talking like y'all knew each other for a long Time. No, lemme tell you how cool Paul is. Yo like, like when I was like, I was, I couldn't believe it. I was like, Paul And, I was like, Paul who? And they was like McCartney. I was like, really? I said, tell him to come up to the green room. He came up there. Hey man, how are you bro? Man, I love your stuff. And hey man. Yeah man, thank you. I think you're hilarious, man. You specials and Oh, I love it.


I'm sitting there looking like this. This is crazy. Like this is one of the, the Beatles, I like to call people like him like culture shifters. Oh yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Shift the culture like a couple times. You know what I mean? I'm looking at him like, wow. And he's like, yeah man. He reaching his pocket and he's go Matter if I partake brother and I'm like, this You know go. Yeah, go, go ahead. Yeah. Yeah man. So You know we start talking about Michael Jackson. You start talking about how Michael got him. No, the bullshit about the publishing. No, you bullshit. Come on man. So we sat there and he, he was like, he was like, you wanna smoke? I was like, I ain't smoked in 13 years. Put his pull, it's Paul, I got to, so I grabbed him.


And I was like this, lemme ask you a question. I said, Michael Jackson, just tell me about Michael Jackson. He was like, oh man. He's, he's, he's brilliant man. He's brilliant man. He, no one works like Mike man. No one works like Mike. And we had a relationship and it was real cool and everything You know, he used to play with my kids. He said he's real. He's real childlike. Really childlike. And he was like, You know. And one day we sat up and we was like, we should do some songs together. And we did. And he was like, yeah, we made a few songs. And I was like Monster Heads motherfucker. He was like, yeah, You know few songs. And then I was like, yeah. I said, but like, what happened? He was like, they was at a party one day and he was in the courtyard and they were talking and he told them, he was like, Hey Mike, man, you need to jump on your business. You know that's the only thing you're missing.


You got everything else with your business affairs around The, World. You need to own your own publishing. That's where the money is. Man or, or own someone else's publishing. And he said, Mike was like, oh yeah, like, like who? And he was like, I don't know, like whoever's the biggest in the game. And Mike was like this, well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna own your publishing. And he said, he was like, yeah, not me, Mike, but anybody else. And he said they laughed and ha and he said, next thing You know, Mike bought the publishing man. And so he told me this too. He said that he said him and John signed a really kind of like, deal You know. So the money that they were making, it wasn't like tons, they wish they made more, especially on the publishing.


So since Mike owned the publishing, they thought Mike is our friend. He'll give us a, he'll give us a, he'd give us a bump. At least a bump said he went to Mike and said, Hey man, you think you can give us a, a bump on our, on our publishing? And Mike would told him no. He said no, it's business. Wow. And he said he wouldn't give it to him. He said, and that's when they kind of just stopped talking. Wow. And I was like, wow. He was like, just break a leg. And then he went downstairs. Well that's legendary. Sit there, sitting there high. That is, I'm sitting there high still smoking, do stage smoking. Well hold on. But then he goes on stage. Yeah. And I bomb. The, one of the worst shows I ever had in because he was hot. He is a cop. But then he had, yeah.


What was he saying while you was on? He really wasn't heckling me. This is what he's doing. Every time a joke didn't work, I could just hear a fire in the back. Oh, And I was like this God damn Paul. But did you bring him on stage? Yeah, because I told people, I said, man, I this show ain't going well because I'm, I'm a little high, but I'm gonna tell y'all why later. I was like, I don't want to use it as an excuse. So I'm gonna tell you why later. So I bombed the entire night. There's nothing worse than bombing. And you hear like comics in the back like dying, like Running around when Some don't work or whatever. But I'm in there like that's my favorite. I'm not gonna lie, Dude. They, I can hear 'em in the back like moving, like everybody run anytime.


I did a punchline. And I hear Paul ah, and they running Around and I'm like, for a hour, a whole hour. At the end of that, I was like this, I'm going to show you why I'm high. Everybody. I said, I got a friend named Paul here. I said, Paul, bring your ass up here. And he came up and, and when he came on stage, the whole audience gassed, And I only work out in front of like 40 people. When I'm working on new material, I'll do it like, like real small crowds. And everybody was like, ah, they could not believe but here's the, it was, he appreciated that night. So, 'cause I was talking to him like a regular mother, I wasn't bowing to him. I'm like, even we was upstairs in green. I'm like, pop, come get, get yo yo yo. I'm just, just, just talking to him regularly and then having him on stage like, yo, this is my guy.


And he appreciated that real moment so much. He appreciated me bombing. It was a real moment that people like him don't probably get. Yeah. I remember one time a friend of mine saw Prince on the plane and Prince was like this. He was like this, yo, they go Prince. And he was like, Hey Prince. And Prince said, lemme show you something. And he pulled his phone out and he showed my guy. He was like, this, this woman taking a picture of me, And I took a picture of her back. And my boy was like, oh, okay. Prince was like, nah, Giving a warning. Like, like That, that little moment meant everything to him.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? It's like, it's these little moments that means so much to these because they don't need to feel like regular people. They don't feel like regular people. So these real moments that they have with regular people are everything to them. You know when people like bow to them and oh my God, that that come every day. But If, you just treat 'em regularly. They You know that was it. Next thing I you got material for the rest of your life, man. For the rest of my life I got this story that I bomb smoking weed with all coffee. Well, okay, Mr is out right now, sir. Yes, Yes man. Make sure you check it out. And we appreciate You joining us. Continue Success. All the thank y'all for always sharing your platform. Y'all man, appreciate. It's why it's Dion. Cole, it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are the


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season beef head. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The NFL is committed to sticking to your game plan and always betting responsibly. If you bet. Remember to set your limits, never chase your losses and only bet what you can afford to lose. To learn more about responsible betting and discover resources to help build your game plan, visit the National Council of Problem gambling@responsibleplay.org. If, you or someone You know may have a gambling problem. Please call or text the following 24 hour confidential helpline. 1-800-GAMBLER


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your Doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Breakfast Club. Now let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. You music real Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't nobody just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren. Lauren And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So we wanna send a rest in piece to John Amos and Kim Page. John Amos passed away at age 84. He actually passed away on August 21st. But the news broke this week in a statement his team said, it is with heartfelt sadness that I shared with you that I'm sorry his son said.


That is with heartfelt sadness that I shared with you that my father has transitioned. He was a man with the kindest heart, a heart of gold. And he was also loved by The World all over. Many fans considered him their TV father. He lived a good life. His legacy will thrive on in his outstanding works in television and film as an actor too. Some of his credits, the the Weatherman and the Mary Tyler Moore show, Gordy Howard. He won an Emmy for Roots. He played James Evan Sr. The husband in Good Times. Good times, good times. And, I. Don't like that. You even paused and stuttered on that. I have a lot of things here. I'm trying to good times say coming to America. Right? No, I didn't. I didn't say come to, I didn't get to it.


He you. I'm Sorry. Wish you stopping. I'm Yeah, I was trying to get to the credits, but You know sir, over here. You wanna finish? No, I'm just listening. I don't like how you stuttered on good times. I was trying to get all Of my good times. Okay. Yes. So TV credits. So Kim page, because I wanna make sure we can get to him as well too, who is known as the og, voice actor and Broadway Star also passed away. He passed away on Monday at his home in St. Louis. A rep told TMZ that he sat down in his chair and passed in, but it was peacefully in his sleep. He says that this was very peacefully in his home and that he was a beautiful, talented man who was larger than life.


Kim was loved and adored by so many and will be missed his career. Just some of the credits. Do you wanna go down the credits for him too? Ken Page? He played Amino Line in the Woods with Stephanie Mills. Yes. Who will be joining us next hour. Yes, he did. She actually talked about that as well too. And kind of how it felt when she found out that he had passed away. It also done the Nightmare before Christmas in 93. All dogs go to heaven. Family matters. Just a legend. So we wanna take some time to say rest in peace to them. And it's so sad. I feel like we've been talking about so many of the legends getting up outta here, which has to happen to everybody. But it's You know. It's sad still. These are icons. Absolutely. John Amos was 84, 84 years old. Good Times is one of the most classic shows ever. Hundred percent in the history of life. Hundred percent. And then, and it's good when, I don't wanna say it's good, but when the, the beauty of the internet, even though I don't like the internet a lot of times is when they keeps it going.


Yeah. When they show all of these different clips from all of these old Good Times episodes and you're like, oh, I remember when he got into it with Mad Dog. Yep. You know and you wanna go back and watch all those, those episodes of Good Times. Yes, definitely. Rest in peace. Well, moving on some more court stuff. Lauren Hill and Prize from the Fujis, they're going at it in court now. So on Tuesday Prize filed a lawsuit and in this lawsuit he is accusing Lauryn Hill of fraud, breach of contract and other claims. And he's seeking an unspecified amount of damages in this lawsuit. He basically says that Lauryn Hill's success got to her head and because of the success getting to her head, the other band members were cheated out of their fair share of proceeds from a planned reunion tour that ultimately fizzled.


He claims that she tried to take control of the tour and proceeds from the tour without the group knowing. Here's a direct from direct quote from the filing Hill's Ployed to appear to be Ps supposed savior was actually DA devious attempt to make a big score for herself by generating millions of dollars from a Fujis tour Hill knew she had prizes on the ropes and did not hesitate to pounce in and take full advantage of his desperation. And they're referring to the fact that all this was going on while he was You know, going through all that lawsuit stuff. Now this was filed on Tuesday. Now Lauren Hill did hit back. She responded in a very lengthy post. I I I won't go through all of it, But by The way, yeah. So she said some clarity and facts that need to be presented.


I've been silent and pushing through because I understood p was under duress because of his legal battles and that this perhaps was affecting his judgment, state of mind and character. Fact number one, the baseless lawsuit by prize is full of false claims, an unwarranted attacks. It notably Omi omits that he was advanced overpayment for the last tour and has failed to repay substantial loans extended by myself as an act of goodwill. Last year's tour was put together to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the album of the Miseducation of Lauryn Hill. It was being planned whether the Fuji's were involved or not. Fact number two, the tour was expanded to incorporate the Fujis because I found out that PS was in trouble and would need to pay money to aid his legal defense.


Fact number three, PS was given a $3 million advance for the tour, which he said he required to pay his legals fees. Why Clef and myself deferred or full advances to make sure he had what he needed and was able to go. I covered most of the tour expenses as the majority of the tour advanced had gone to pro to prize. An agreement was put in place to secure the repayment of the money. He was advanced Prize has not paid back the money. He was advanced and is currently in breach of this agreement. Fact four, because of the tour being production is set up, were already happening. And the Fuji set utilize the same production. So she is saying she absorbed most of the expenses herself, produced the show, put together the entire set with Ycl participating for the Fugees and clef set.


P basically just had to show up and perform. Fact number five as the last tour. I said I wasn't getting into all this, but you kind of had to as the last tour p thank as of the last tour, P thanked me Lau Hill saying this for saving his life. She says in quotations I have the receipts. Fact number six, I am not the in the business of kicking anyone, especially when they're down, which is why I haven't responded to date. It is absolutely disheartening to see prize in this position. My band mate and someone I considered a friend. But this leads us to fact number seven, which probably should have been fact number one. Fact number seven, I was not in prize's life when he decided to make the unfortunate decision decision that led to his current legal troubles. I did not advise that he make the decision and therefore I am in no way responsible for his decision.


And its consequences. Though I have taken it upon myself to help despite his attacks, I am still compassionate and hope things work out for him. Respectfully. Jesus. MLH Trouble Includes mine for Lauren Hill You know what I learned. What did you learn? You know what I learned about that statement from Lauryn Hill. She can absolutely be on time when she wants to. Okay? Right on time. She wasted no time. I mean, immediate didn't play Counter punch. And it was, it was great. Lauren hasn't been that, been that on time for nothing in years. Detailed, precise, precision. Nothing about this with ccp C Not at all. Not at all. All she hit the internet, right? As people like filing people beginning to talk about a news outlets picking it up. Here comes Lauryn Hill. But if, If, if she did give him the $3 million, if they fronted him the $3 million, I don't see what the problem was.


That's what you mean. It seems like she helped, they helped him out. And if she helps him out, why? Why they, why is he Suing Now? What pro should have done is a class action lawsuit with everyone who has ever paid for a Lau Hill ticket. Okay? Anybody who's ever paid for a Lauryn Hill show but had to leave because she came out too late and they had to go to work. So They didn't get to show somebody had to watch the kids. That's right. Had to babysitter. That's, That's what he should did. Okay. Well He's basically making it seem like she didn't hold up her end of the bargain. And then because she is the, this is according to him, the star, the legend Lauren Hill. She wanted to recoup all the money. She wanted this, she wanted that. But she's saying that even if I, that is the truth. I did it because we had to put up so much in the beginning and come out of our own pockets. And I her specifically. So Don't, if what Lauren is saying is true, it seems like PS has no ground to stand on.


Right? Because you already got your money. Well see what Happens. That's what I was saying. He already got the $3 million allegedly. Well, he doesn't feel like he got what more he could have made In addition, he could the tour More. More. That's what I think he feels like because You know things got canceled or whatever, but Oh, I get what you're saying. So he probably could have made that money back more, paid them back and put something In his pocket more. That's that's what he's saying. Like, and he's saying that there was a lot of expenses like that he that came up during the little bit of time that they were able to do things that he's saying wasn't taken care of the right way. But we gotta see what happens with this one. I just hate to see them going back and forth like this. I hated to see all the shots he was throwing our way anyway, just because of the history of them, but yep. Alright, well that was just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Shava. Yes sir. Who even that down too, man You know.


We really need to think about the Havenots more. Okay? There's people out there listening to us right now who don't have a car. Kyle Van Wt was one of those people, okay? But he needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to, to have a world with him this morning. A way to acquire things. He didn't acquire it the right way. All right. All right, we'll get to the dunking today next. And then after that, Stephanie Mills, the icon legend will be joining us. Why you stop like that? Look he used, just start smiling. He turned red. Look at him. Look at him. Now he got, he gotta take a minute. He gotta take a take a minute. Ain't no showers in here. Cold showers. He gotta relax. All right, donkey, the day's next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, you are chicken out. The, Breakfast Club. It's time for Donkey of the Day. Donkey of the Day.


I'm a Democrat. So being Donkey of the Day is a little bit of a mix. So like a donkey ke donkey of the day. The, Breakfast, Club bitches. Now, I've been called a lot in my 23 years, but Donkey of the Day is a new one. Donkey of dude, donkey of the Day from Wednesday, October 2nd, goes to a 39-year-old man from St. Paul named Kyle Band work. Now I'm gonna tell you something. Times is hard out here, okay? There's a very wide gap between the haves and the havenots. That's why all these politicians need to remember these wise four words from James Carville. And those words are, it's the economy. Stupid. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. People wanna know how you gonna put more money in their pocket and people wanna know how you gonna keep them safe.


It's that simple. If you're talking about how I can save money, if you're talking about how you can make my bills lower, if you're talking about me being able to afford a nice vacation every now and then you are talking my language. And You know another thing money can buy that we don't talk about enough. What? Transportation. Okay? People want to be able to afford a dependable set of wheels. I'm not talking about no Bentley Phantom Range Rover. No, we not chasing luxury cars. We sticking to the non-luxury cars that we used to the forge, the Hondas, the Nissans, the Kias folks just want a reliable set of wheels to get them from A to B. Okay? We take that for granted. And our society, there is someone out there listening to me right now who can't afford a car. They waiting for public transportation right now, are waiting for somebody to get him a ride.


Okay? They watching people drive by dreaming of one day owning that 2013 Toyota Avalon. You take it for granted. Okay? And this is how we get the Kyle Van work. See, there was a woman who got pulled over in St. Paul and the officer thought she needed a sobriety test, was the officer was giving the woman a sobriety test. There was a man named Kyle. And Kyle was sitting there at a nearby bus stop minding his business, daydreaming of the day. He don't have to ride public transportation anymore, praying for the blessing of a Nissan alt Altima. Okay? He just wanted him a nice little premium, Kyle. And he sees this woman getting a sobriety test. As he's sitting at the bus stop, he starts thinking to himself, look at this woman possibly drunk and driving, mismanaging the blessing of a car.


And then a voice told Kyle, another person's mismanagement of a blessing is an opportunity to show God what you would do. If. you had said blessing and then this happened. Let's go to NBC 11 for the report please. As part of the statewide towards zero death enforcement focused on arresting impaired drivers, a St. Paul police officer pulled over. A woman he says, was speeding, driving a Lincoln Navigator at about 6:00 PM Sunday. And according to a criminal complaint, when the officer began field sobriety testing, a completely unrelated man who was sitting on a nearby bus stop bench got into the driver's seat of the woman's car. Police say the man was 39-year-old Kyle Van wt, who has a long history of minor crimes involving drugs and theft before the officer could stop him.


Court papers say, van WT sped away in the woman's SUV. Let's go cop. After the thief drove away in the Lincoln Navigator, the woman told police her iPhone and other electronics were still inside. Mm. So using the iPhone's Find Me app, the woman was able to help police track it to Apple Valley where they found the iPhone apparently tossed out the window by the thief. But little did he know that the woman still had an Apple air tag dangling from the key chain. Oh, they found the SUV chased it and finally arrested Van W What part of Grand Theft Auto mission is this? Kyle was sitting at the bus stop waiting for somebody to be drunk, be too drunk to notice that car's missing. Okay?


And he jumped right in and stole it. That's not even criminal behavior, that's just opportunistic stupidity. Okay, Kyle, even though I'm giving you the credit you deserve for being stupid, I see your vision, okay? I can understand what you did there. You at the bus stop this woman getting a sobriety test. In your mind. In your mind you was like, if I had the blessing of a car, I would never drive drunk. But you got to wait on the Lord, Kyle. You got to wait on Jesus, have patience and wait for the things you want most. Don't chase it, don't run after it. Please don't steal it. If God wants you to have it, he will give it to you. Amen. You can't take it. And that's what Kyle did. And you heard in the news report, he didn't get away simply because the young woman had an Apple air tag inside her vehicle.


Not to mention everything is a tracking device nowadays. You heard the news report. The woman left her phone and other electronics in the car. He threw it out the window, but she still had the Apple air tag on her key chain. Also, I need to say the woman did not get a DWI. St. Paul Police said she was not over the legal limit. But guess who was Kyle Damnit, man. Oh shoot. Kyle was high and on drugs. Right? Police just waiting on his blood test to come back. All right. And as you heard in the news report, he has a history of drugs and theft. Wouldn't surprise me. Okay. Wouldn't surprise me at all. If, you steal a car in the middle of a sobriety test while the police are right there, then it's safe to say it's probably you who needs the sobriety test.


Please give Kyle Van Wirt the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You Are the doggy of the day Guy. You the donkey. He, He aimed a little too high too. What you mean? Yeah. You don't do that with the Lincoln Navigator. You gotta stay with the, what you got where you started. It was the premium vehicles You. know what I'm saying? Stay with the premium vehicles Like an Ultima Nissan. Ah yeah. Nissan. Ultima Maxima, You know Camry, Toyota Camry, You know Avalon, like say right in that range.


You wanna play a game? Nope. I Won't play a game. I don't know what race he is. I really don't. Oh, I have no idea. Can we guess it and just Google it? Like, I don't know. Can we go If? you can play think party Pooper full up his picture. I don't know. I really have no idea what race is. Oh, I'm lying. I do. What am I talking about? Okay, Let's Play a game and do we really need to play a game? You feel like It's a shoe win? I mean, all right. I, I guess his last name is Van work guys. Kyle Van work. So he white? Yes. Hey, I said I don't think a game You thinking black at first. I, yeah, I was a little, I'll think a little black at first too. I was like, I was taking a little black at first too.


Yeah, a little five drive. Why? Hmm? Why was no way the story Went. Why? Just the way the story. Tell me more. No, tell me more. I don't have to tell us why. Identify as a cat right now. I meow. Ask me a question. Go ahead. Nope. Meow. Alright, now when we come back, Stephanie Mills will be joining us. Come on now. She's on Broadway right now. Hayestown is the name of the show. Hayestown. Oh, Hayestown. And we're gonna talk to her next. Don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So we have Lauren LaRosa filling in and we got a special guest in the building.


The icon that just made Dion Cole stutter and shake. He was saying all types of stuff. Ladies, gentlemen can hear sweating. Stephanie Mills welcome. He said, I need to learn a lesson from you. How? Huh? He said, I need to take a lesson from you on how to You know Be Sexy. Yeah. I already told her that's gonna cut. She's 32, so she got a long way to go before she get to this level of sexy. I'm 67. You See what I'm saying? Wow. Yeah. See I'm 67. Gorgeous. Thank You. Know Dion got this thing in a special call. He calls, calls 'em vintage, vintage ladies. Vintage. Yeah. He likes vintage Dion. And. I are friends. But I wanted to really like jam him up. Okay. No, You did. You did. He was stuttering the whole time after you left. The whole time after You left. When, when, when do you get to that level of confidence?


You know where you just know you feel good inside and outside? Yeah. All over 60. Okay. I think in my sixties I really like was like, I didn't care what anybody thought I wanted to do, what I wanted to do on my own terms. Like 50, 55, I'd say when I turned 55, I was like, I'm doing what I wanna do. I don't care what anybody thinks. And it really does get greater later, right? Ah, I think so. I really do. I, I mean, at 67 I'm so confident I feel like I could do anything. So I'm, I'm, I'm good. Absolutely. Is Stephanie Mills still dating? Are you still outside dating or I'm Not dating, no. Well, I'm, no, I'm not dating. And why not? Because I'm a very independent woman.


And, I don't like knuckleheads and men have a lot of game with them. And You know Shalamar. No, I ain't gonna play with no games. Oh Yeah. You, you ain't gonna play. I thought you said I play games. I don't think No, no, no, no. I said and You know Shalamar. 'cause You know my background and ma'am who I'm who. So I'm not gonna play any games. And if they don't wanna come right and be honest in a relationship. I think even if they have another woman or whatever, another situation, I think they should be honest. And most men are not Even, even at this. I was gonna say that too, Because OGs like young girls, they don't like girls like me. They think I'm too old. So they like them young girls. And most men like high yellow women. Really?


Yeah. How did you, or like now If, you were to choose a date. Like you, it is so high profile. Like how would you even handle that? 'cause it's a different time of like, You know social media. People wanna be in the press. I think I'd want a businessman, like a bus businessman. But then they're knuckleheads too. So I don't know. Jesus. It's not like it, it used to be like, Shamine is married. I date shallow man. My baby Wait. He ain't gonna talk about every day for the next three. I would tell if he wasn't married, I would date Sean. I love Ms. Mills. Y'all know that? No, no, no. He loves you. No, no, no, no. Well that's what I'm saying. He was a little Jealous when you came in here. Did that little thing to Dianca. The crazy is jealous. Everything You said jealous baby. Tell the truth a little bit. But everything you said, Hey, slow down, slow down.


The crazy part is everything you said men don't like is what I like. I like older women with melanin. Right. I don't get, you do You. know what I mean? You do Young light skinned girls look like pit bulls. No, Baby. Yes. I'm sorry. The men that I would date are married. You know. So they're taken. And I'm really a bore. I'm, I'm a person that likes to stay at home and just do simple things. I'm not one to go to the parties and all of that. I'm not her. And you've been in the industry longer than most of these people have been alive. I Have 50 years. Longer. Longer. Because that was the whiz. 50 years ago I did The Wiz, my first Broadway show. I was 11. Yeah. Wow. Oh wow. So I've been in the business my entire life.


Wow. This is all I know. Wow. Is it true you didn't even wanna audition? Oh, I didn't. I didn't because I had gone up for a lot of things. And I didn't get them. So my mother ma I actually went to the Wiz auditioning crime my mother made me. 'cause I didn't think I was gonna get it. And your mom, what? Like what was her like? Motive. It was just like, I know you could do this. Or she's, She felt like I could do it. My mother was, is definitely my shero. She's not here any longer, but I always feel her spirit. But she was definitely one. I'm the spitting image of my mother You know in every way. Yeah. Gotcha.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our pass better dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a Pulse. You're going to be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The NFL is committed to sticking to your game plan and always betting responsibly. If, you bet. Remember to set your limits, never chase your losses and only bet what you can afford to lose. To learn more about responsible betting and discover resources to help build your game plan, visit the National Council of Problem gambling@responsibleplay.org. If, you or someone You know may have a gambling problem. Please call or text the following 24 hour confidential helpline. 1-800-GAMBLER


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


What made you wanna get back on to Broadway stage? Because you want to, was it, how do you pronounce it? Hades Town. Hades Town Hayestown. They came for me. I was doing my tour and they said, we are really interested in you coming back to Broadway. And I wanted to do something different. And I said, I don't know what Hades town is. Let me go and see the show. And I went to see the show. I fell in love with the music. The cast is wonderful, but eight shows a week is very hard. And you play Mrs. Hermes. Mrs. Hermes. Mrs. Hermes. Yes. So what's that role about? Like it's, I gotta come watch. It's It's Greek mythology. Okay. Hades is the devil. And there's perception. I have a wonderful cast, Philip Yolo Maya Jordan.


It's a wonderful cast, but I'm the storyteller. I'm telling the entire story about what's getting ready to happen and what's going on. So I'm the Storyteller now. Now You know you're a spiritual person. Ms. Mills, did you feel like, okay, I don't want to, I don't know if I wanna do this role because of Hades and Satan and all this other, I felt that way. Okay. And I didn't know how Pops would feel about it, but I felt that way. But I said, this is acting and it's challenging. So I'm gonna do it. I really am enjoying it. I plan to come back to do my own show in a theatrical way. My own concert show in a theatrical way. Ooh. So like come to like, make your songs like a script, like Yes. Ooh. Make my songs like a script and, and do a whole thing.


Like probably next year And, and tell your story from start to finish or? Yes. Wow. Yes. Wow. Yes. Yes. Not everything, but like, just tell the story of how I survived. Because I feel so grateful to survive with so many of my, one of my friends just passed Camp Page. Who was The lion? The Lion in The Wiz. Oh my God. But I just saw him like two and a half weeks ago. And, I always say you don't know when the last time you're gonna see somebody. Wow. So you have to love on people when you see them. Absolutely. How does, how does it feel when you, when you see your peers passing away like, like Ken Page, like It's devastating. You know, hinting battle passed away. Who was my scarecrow. It's devastating 'cause I'm like, oh my God, am I next? You know 'cause I'm getting of age.


And I always tell my niece, you gotta take care of things when I'm gone. And I know. We gotta cross that path. So I really just try to enjoy myself, love on people, be kind to people and get those people told that get smart with me. Is that why you started thinking about putting the musical of your life together? Yes. Was 'cause of those thoughts and seeing your friends doing Yeah. Doing a concert and put And I. And I wanted to come back to Broadway, but I wanted to do it. Hades was a, is a eight time Tony winning show. So it was coming back to a a, a Broadway show that had been on Broadway for five years. The Wiz was on Broadway for five years and The Wiz won seven Tony's back when they were on. So I was happy to come back into a hit show.


How Is the climate on Broadway now for black actors and black performers better? No, I don't think so. I don't think, Has it ever been good though? I think 50 years ago it was better. 50, I think. Yeah. Wow. When? When The Wiz was on Broadway, I think it was better. I think Broadway is ran like a corporation now. It's more about the show. It's not about individuals. You know they don't want stars. They just want people to enjoy the show. So no, it's not better. I was gonna ask, do people respect Broadway actors and actresses like they Should? I don't think that we do get the respect. I don't think that Broadway actors get the respect not from their peers and not from the producers of, of Broadway shows. I don't think they respect us the way they should.


I don't. Wow. All right. We got more with Stephanie Mills when we come back. Let's get into her newest joint. This one's called Jam is featuring Mc Light and Dougie Fresh. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Still kicking it with the legend, the icon. Stephanie Mills. Now. Now you did mention we talked to Sergio on the back. Sergio Hudson. Sergio Hudson, fashion Designer. Sergio is my, Oh, you didn't hear how I found out what Said, but I was Just like, that Was Sergio Hudson. I Was like, yeah, he, when I saw him I was like Me because this is what Sergio said. He said, mom, you're too much like a mom. I want you to be more like you were in the age. I said, well, I don't have the body that I had. And. I. So this is all So how, how did y'all get up? How did y'all know each other? Because as soon as he walked in, this one over here was like, yo, yo, that's fat.


I was like, what? I say Loud last night he was at the gala with me. And those women, when they see him, they're like, ah, I want you clothes. I want your clothes. But sir, Because he's doing it for us in the couture world, Sergie, You gotta come. Come to the mic. Come to the mic. So I grew up pretty much obsessed with Stephanie Mills, like most pink millennials that grew up in the late eighties. I used all day, all night in my first New York Fashion Week show. And a clip went viral and somebody tagged her to it and she messaged me. And I messaged her back and she was like shocked that I messaged her back. I Was So she was shooting a video or something. I said, I'll come out And I style you for the video.


And she didn't believe me. And I showed up in Charlotte and we shot the video. And you're from South Carolina, right? I'm From South Carolina. You from South Carolina? I never knew that. Yeah. I'm from right outside of Columbia. Little town called Ridgeway. Yeah. My mom is from Charleston. Yeah. That's where I'm born. Yeah. Mount Pleasant. Wow. Yeah. I was born in Charles, raised in Most corner. Yeah, Go ahead. Say say you Sir. Your Hudson is from Ridgeway, South Carolina. I had no idea. You be honest with, I didn't even know you was a real person. You know you see names on clothes and You know. You don't think that that Yo nothing. I didn't put two and two together either. Like In the Couture, like I literally, I saw you from the door. I was like, it's no way. She was geeking out. As soon as she sees you, she started whispering to Me like, wait, because you got like you what you were doing what Laquan Smith is doing.


Like, oh y'all, you guys are just like y'all. Y'all really doing it right now. And I know that that world is tough. Like you have Kim at your show, you, you dressed Michelle Obama. Like you are just, you still so like us. He's iconic. Yes. And he needs to get his due. Like you still have a really good pulse on what's happening in The. World. How do you still keep up with what's happening all the time? Because you are booked like you with everybody all the time. Everywhere You hanging with Stephanie Mills like, but you still know who's lit, who's relevant. But you also know you kind of guard your brand in a way where it's not guarded, but it is like it has that old school. You gotta aspire to be You know. Yeah. How do you do that? I love my people. So if anybody black is doing anything, I'm gonna know what's going on.


And You know I have this vision of a world that fashion where we aren't just black designers for sure. Or we aren't just black entertainers. Yeah. Where we are entertainers and we are designers. Right. For The World First. And we just happen to be black, black, Black. So in order to do that, you have to normalize your people that look like you in this, in those spaces. Yep. This is all his, my mission. And how difficult was it for you? Because I mean, you didn't come under street wear, right? Like most people come under street wear. You came Couture. Couture. Yes. Which is almost impossible. 'cause it takes a lot of money. It takes a lot of experience. And they say that is like it's rough fighting through the old white men.


And you were able to do that. It's, I mean, and white ladies, I mean, and white ladies. What is Couture? I have no fashion sense. What is tour is like the, you go ahead. It's more I do what I do is what wear I do is red to wear, which is luxury fashion You know, like what sold in Bergdorf Sax Fifth Avenue, Neman Marcus Luxuries. It's hard to be completely honest because fashion is not unlike any other industry. You get compartmentalized if you're black, you're expected to make urban clothes. You're expected to be weird. You're expected to like, I'm not expect when I walk in the room, people don't expect me to be the person that dresses the first lady. Like they expect the old white man a white man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so the, I feel a lot of pushback from the industry because I don't fit the mold of what they think an American sportswear designers should be.


But that's what I'm fighting against to normalize us in different places. Because we are not a monolith, we're not one type. We don't do one type of thing in every industry. Right. That's right. And that's, it's very much like that in fashion. Like if you're, and it's kind of like they have their picks. So it's like, this is the black designer we are promoting this year. You're not that person because you don't fit the mold. You don't make hoodies, you don't make jogging pants. Street wear. Right? Yeah. You don't do that. So you don't, we didn't sanction you. And because I came in, I think when I came into the industry and it kind of blew up. It was, I kind of came through a back door dressing Michelle Obama and it just kind of took over.


And the You know my mom Like Kylie Jenna came into the modeling world. Yeah. And they kinda like, yeah, I mean you, they don't like when you don't go through the proper functions to Right. When You're black, get there. Especially when, and then you're black too. So, but I don't really care. But Don't take it up with God. Yeah. I don't care. And that's what my mom always said. She said, no man will ever take the credit for your success. That's right. And. I never understood what that meant until I actually entered this industry. And I kind of came up through a way that I don't think nobody ever else did. Well congratulations again man. I'd love to see, I have to ask you got a new record out? Yeah. With Ray True? Yes. Yes. Mc L Dougie Fresh.


Yes. Kid Capri. Kid Capri. Yes. You back in the studio. Are you Playing It? I just, I just, I just got it from first episode play this morning. We gonna play it this morning. Okay. We play This morning. I wanna ask you about your, is you laughing before? It's gonna be on the 20th. Talk about the record first. Wait, tell us about the record first. Well, it's so funny because Ray Cho sent me the record to see what I thought about it. And I was like, I like this Ray Cho. I said, this is really nice. I said, who you gonna get to sing it? He said, I'm hoping you'll sing it. So we just went in the studio. And I just, he flew to Charlotte. I went in And I sang it, and that was it. Simple as that. And your last performance was on the 20th. My last performance is October 20th in Hades Town. I gotta come see it before. Gotta come. Please come let Me know. It's Thursday through Sunday, right? No, Tuesday through Sunday.


Tuesday Through Christ. Oh yeah. It's Monday off. Honey. They working You Know Mondays. What Are you doing? Like are you sleeping all day? Are you Sleeping All day? And Sergio, we there watching Law and Order and Netflix and every movie we go. I don't move. Do you hear me? My, I'm telling you, my feet be singing a symphony. I bet. We appreciate you for joining us this morning. Yeah. And definitely go check out Hayestown out right now in Broadway. And thank you You. know you at The Will Walter Kerr Theater. Walter Kerr Theater. Yeah. At Tuesday from Saturday, I'm there until October 20th. I'm coming next week. You Have to go. It's Amazing. It's amazing. It really is. The music is wonderful. And it's Greek mythology.


So you have to know about Orpheus Hades. Persephone You know the story. It's a love story. It's tragedy, but it's a love story. But it's wonderful. I'm mean, I really am enjoying it. But I'm ready to go home. You ready To go home? I'm ready to go home. Well ladies and gentlemen, thank you Ms. Stephanie Mills. Sergio Hudson, thank you so much. And it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D ej NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren. LaRosa is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do Don't nobody Just world Worldwide.


Jess Worldwide mess On The. Breakfast Club. She's the Lauren. Lauren And. I the mess. Okay guys, y'all wanna play a little game? Guess What? What's, guess what's face it is. Or what they, these faces have been common. Okay. Lamar Odom. Oh boy. Take a good look. Take a good look. Okay. Kim Kardashian. Yes. All right. I like take a good look. Take a good look. I love a good visual. Jennifer Aniston. Okay, take a good look. All right. What do you think these faces have in common? Nothing. They do, they have something in common. It's called salmon sperm.


So Lamar Odom this week went and got a salmon sperm facial. You Let a fish nut on them From a guiding That's crazy. From a guy named Dr. Robert Dorfman in Beverly Hills. Now this facial consists of microneedling the skin with Rin salmon and sperm. DNA or rin salmon sperm and DNA, I'm sorry. It costs about $3,000. A little over $3,000. I'm not for sure if Lamar Odom paid that though. And this You know the benefic. Y'all wanna know the benefits? Sure. It helps with skin rejuvenation. It helps with complexion. And we're also told that because it is such a big trend, Lamar Odom just wanted to get in because it helps you look youthful.


It contains anti-inflammatory properties that can soothe and calm the skin repair and regenerate skin cells. And there's UV protection. I Wonder who's the first person to do that? You. know what I mean? Like You know. Let me just get this salmon, put the salmon sperm on my face. Make it make, letting the salmon skit on you is crazy. So you Wouldn't do it. 'cause I signed you guys up for a consultation. Did you get it forward dig code to your phone? I did. I wonder what the hell that was. Yeah, I did too. It Was me. I, I signed you guys up for this. I did that from mv, what is his name? MV or something like that. MPN Verification called. So that, that's a website that Dr. Robert Dorfman in Beverly Hills uses to confirm your identity before he sets up this whole consultation. I set you guys up for an hour and a half consultation.


Why stop at the salmon though? Like what If you want sperm can clear up your skin. What? You wanna try something else? No, I'm just saying why stop at the salmon Emmy? Why you sit back like that? I'm Just asking Big Emmy. Not one. That's right. You already on them tapes. Boy, I'm not, you tape you tape on, on the free conversation. You on free table naked. Only one person in this room has been to a Diddy party. He was on that Sir rock. You had that brown dot rock. It's brown dot. Lemme tell you the BSE energy. You just exuded big, Big sperm. Energy. Energy. I didn't say me. I just said, he said with the salmon. I said, what else you wanna try? No, but I do. I just wonder like what other You know sperms do that.


Why stop at salmon? Maybe you should You know. We we love a source and we love You. know close to the source. Maybe you should go out on an experiment. Let us know. I'm cool. You're so into skincare. I am. So the Dr. Natasha Sandy, but no, I'm cool on that. Well, you let a fish skeet On you. No, I'm not doing, I signed y'all up. Not me. Oh, okay. Just curious. Kim Porter, One fish, two fish, three fish, goof fish. Yo, We're so childish. It's like I I'm sorry. Yeah. Everybody listening. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. You should say that when you lay back in the chair and see what the doctor responds. Kim Porter's book has been removed from Amazon. Duh. First of all, it's not Kim Porter's Book. I'm sorry, the alleged Kim Porter book. Yes. And that is the issue right there.


The alleged book. It's not even alleged. It's not Kim Porter's book. The book that talks about Kim Carter has been taken. Kimer. Yes. Kim Porter. I said I Got him. I I I had 'em. You just add I had 'em Saying was That, so this was an, this was an alleged book by Kim Porter co-written by Kim Porter, allegedly published by a guy named Chris Todd. You guys know I'll be sure sent a cease and desist Yep. About the book. Yep. We had talked about the fact that her family had lawyered up and was like this, we gonna explore all our options. Well, Amazon released a statement and then the statement Amazon said we were made aware of a dispute regarding this title and have notified the publisher. The book is no longer, no longer currently available in our for sale on our store in our, in our store.


So it is gone. It is down. So all those questions people had about how is it able to be sold? It is not being sold anymore. Okay. Now moving on. Jermaine Dupree. So Jermaine Dupree was live on Instagram yesterday and he had to take that have has a lot of people debating back and forth about why r and b isn't good right now, in his opinion. Let's take a listen. Black youth of today do not go to church and they don't have that church band grooming like be cots came from the church. Right? Right. Jodeci comes from church. Right. So when you listen to that soul that that soul that you think is sold, it's a added that's coming. That's that's coming from over there. Yeah. It's a added piece of information that If you gonna make these records.


It's hard to beat Jodeci when you don't have that element. So it's like when people be saying yo music ain't the way it used to be. Like I just posted my new Anthony Hamilton record. It's coming down October 4th Queen. Yeah, queen right? Yeah. Anthony Hamilton comes from the church. Church. Yeah. Like you not going to get that, that he's, that's in his voice. Yeah. You ain't just getting that from being on the internet. Hmm. Why? I don't, I don't disagree with that take at all. Yeah. I gotta believe Jermaine Dupree, Jermaine Dupree is such a a, a icon legend icon as all when it comes to RB. So when he says something like that, he deals with all type of RB artists from old to new to just starting out. So if he feels that and he's seeing that, you gotta believe you But, but even when you talk to certain RB artists, most RB artists, they'll tell you that they got, they starting the church and it is a certain soul of certain energy that comes from the church.


Certain sound. Right. And, I think it's just a value. There's not the same value for love. There's not the same value for vagina. There's not the same value for women. Yep. You know n nowadays because there Are young artists that talk about growing up in the church and they still make the music that he's saying happens when you are not in the church. Nobody. So I think value still nobody begging more. Nobody like, nobody's like people used to beg, they wanted court like baby, baby, Baby begging You know why they not begging because they sliding in about 10 dms at a time. So If, you don't respond. They on to the next one Or are, or maybe people, people just making it too easy. They don't have to beg no more. Probably. So like you, that's what I'm saying, the value of it works both ways. So if the man don't have no value for this vagina and the woman don't value her, her own vagina, then ain't no value period.


So everybody's just talking to each other. Crazy. I agree. Yeah. I ain't, I just, sometimes I just feel like everything gets blamed on people's age. Like just 'cause we young don't mean we don't go to church. Also church music has changed too. If, you go to these younger churches, it's More than just the church. It is more than just the age. It's a Lot different now. Technology, if I go To church with my grandmother versus going to, I don't think one of the major Churches different think it not, I think it's technology. Like people, people Go to Bedside Baptist. That's Right. They don't go to church anymore. They watch it over the phone. Right. Yeah. People You know they ain't gotta go to their girl's house and and knock on their door and sing to 'em out the window. 'cause they gonna call 'em, they gonna DM 'em. Baby You better boombox me. I'm sorry. When I'm, when I'm upset I'm From that era. I'm from the boombox era. I'm coming outside the house. I'm singing in the rain. I watched Look like you singing in the Rain.


I definitely would've s singing in The rain. Well you don't sing in no rain. I ing just from middle come right off in rain. You know what? Forget you just for middle come. You ain't gonna come right off in the rain heavy. What you gonna tell a lot? Like Just for me. Stand the rain go. Are you crazy? I can't stand the rain but yes I'm the singer. I was singing the rain. I just like what Ray J did in that video. When he in the rain If You singing the rain, it'll be black D going on down your neck. You definitely Out there with an umbrella because you ain't letting that dog get on your shirt You. Know what I'm saying? You from Queens Does not come off. It does not drip. What are you talking about? I know that's right. Okay. Does your die drip? Oh baby Uhuh Dante. The hairstylist done laid me. We ain't dripping over here. Don't worry about me Talking About And.


I ain't standing out in the rain. I'm in the house watching the person in the rain. Yep. All right. That was just with the mess with law. La Law. Lo rosa. Yeah, let's get to the people's choice. That rain got you. Ooh it. What's that? Oh Lord. There We go. Come on let see what You do. You gotta prove to me minute. Come on. Turn it Out. Let's go take the hat off. He ain't gonna take his hat off because he ain't got a die job. I got my head on man. Whatcha talking About yo? Talking about it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. I hate this place You are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long OSA filling in for Jess.


As You know, we have been talking about the Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color. So we are gonna give some away to you right now. So If, you want some head to The Breakfast Club website. Enter the spike up Your Life contest where you can click for cash and enter the win $1,000 and amazing products from Valentino Beauty, including the Spike Valentino buttery matt lip color. All you gotta do is go to breakfast club online.com right now for your chance to win.


Now we gotta salute Dion Cole, comedian, actor and Old Spice guy for joining Us this morning. He's our generation's Old Spice guy salute to Dion Cole. He doing his thing. Make sure you check out his new Netflix special.


Okay Mr. And salute to the Good sister Stephanie Mills. Salute to Sergio Hudson for pulling up. I'm actually gonna go see Stephanie Mills in Hades Town next week. I'm gonna go see it too. My home girl. Just hit me. Look. Let's go. I'm gonna make sure y'all can't get in. Wow. You are such a hater, hater, hater, Hater. Vintage old men. Be hating. Yes, we old. Yes we do. Alright, When we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for just now. It's time to get up outta here. Yes it is. And I. Want to tell everybody too? My fourth annual mental wealth expo is happening October 12th. Okay. At the Marriott Marque in Times Square from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM It is the day of mental health, healing and education.


We got some of the best therapists, some of the best mental health professionals, period. Dr. Alfie Breland Noble, Elliot Connie, Dr. Rita Walker, Dr. Anne Bryant, Dr. J Bar. Dr. J Barnett is going to be there. Tyrese is gonna be there in conversation with Jason Wilson. We got a a whole bunch of things planned man. So go to mental wealth expo.com for more details and I'll see you October 12th, 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott Marque in Times Square. It is a free event. It is open to all ages. Okay. So we'll see you October 12th from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott Marque in Times Square for my fourth annual mental health expo in honor of World Mental Health Day.


Alright, well you got the positive note. I do. I want to tell everybody about there since we talking about mental health. You know you don't have to control your thoughts, okay? You just have to stop letting them control you and understand that mental health is not a destination, it's a process. Okay? And it's about how you drive, not where you are going. Just stay focused on your journey. Y'all have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A B, C Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our best for our dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's in vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine eight Central on A, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowes Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


The NFL is committed to sticking to your game plan and always betting responsibly. If, you bet. Remember to set your limits, never chase your losses and only bet what you can afford to lose. To learn more about responsible betting and discover resources to help build your game plan, visit the National Council of Problem gambling@responsibleplay.org. If, you or someone You know may have a gambling problem. Please call or text the following 24 hour confidential helpline, 1-800-GAMBLER.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.