
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey, It's Meet Tyler, both open air events, or Ty, the color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t. Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Good morning. SA yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Laura LaRosa filling in for just hilarious. Good morning, y'all. Charlemagne the Guy. Peace to the Planet. It's, what is it? It's Wednesday. Oh, guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Ha. Let me stop acting like I'll feel like laughing this morning. You feel like laughing? Good morning, y'all. Morning. How y'all feeling, man? America has spoken loud and clear. Yes. Okay. I'm looking at it right now. NBC News Projects, Donald Trump will be the 47th President of the United States of America. That is correct.


It, it is what it is. It's You know like America has spoken. I You know. Congratulations to You know Donald Trump and the Republican. The Republican party. Only thing I, I pray, is that Donald Trump gets back in the White House and he's not looking for revenge. He's actually looking to Unite. Unite. Yes. Yeah. And I mean You know. Like that's that you gotta be a president for all, for all Americans. Yeah. We're talking about that on CNN when I was driving in. And they don't think that that's gonna happen. I don't think it's gonna happen either. But You know. I would rather be optimistic. You know, even though I have no reason to be optimistic, because You know when somebody You know tells me who they are and shows me who they are, I have no choice but to believe them. Yeah.


But what other option do we have at this moment? Yeah. There are no, there are no other options. There's no other options at this moment. Well, last night and salute the vice president, Kamala Harris You. know what I mean? She ran a, a, a great campaign for what? It was 107 days. Yep. Absolutely. You know. Yeah. but America spoken. But last night we broadcasted from Howard University where she was set to to speak. Of course she didn't last night. And I Wouldn't either. I wouldn't Came out. I wouldn't. They kept saying like, she's coming out, coming Out. There was a lot of people there to see her though. 20, 30,000 people there to see her. Right? Not by not, not not Stop lying. Oh, that. No, no. When, when we started By, by by about 10 30, 11, about 11.


It was thinner than my hairline. Yeah. Yeah. It was You know You ain't got no hairline. Why was you tell that line? Okay. It Same Difference. And it was big pockets, and then people were leaving. I think people felt it, but it's just You know. Like you said, she, she ran a gate, a great campaign. It was only a hundred days. She raised a lot of money. She definitely raised a lot of money. But listen, man, the American people spoke. People don't care about cultural issues as much as they care about economic issues. As much as they care about issues of safety. You know. For whatever reason, Donald Trump is able to resonate that message clear to to, to the American people. Then they went out there and they put, they put their votes where they Wanted to. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie, I didn't see this coming. False. I, I, I didn't see this at all. It's always a Possibility. Before we got to say, before we got to the live stream last night, I didn't.


But last night when we got there, I was like, oh man. But numbers started coming in. I mean, but Listen, I know what we wanted. Right? But then I also know the reality. I'm not gonna sit here and say, You know you don't see it coming. I didn't, I definitely didn't. I I don't see why you would Just the rhetoric, what people were talking about, what he was talking about, what their side was talking about. The last rally at Madison Square Garden. I was like, yeah, but You don't take into consideration how people are feeling. Right? Right. People don't care about what you're talking about. People don't even care about what you're doing. They care about how you made them feel. And all they can think about is four years ago, they felt better economically under Donald Trump. Right. They felt safe for under Donald Trump. And I. That resonated. And the voting before.


That's Right. It just is what it is. But we here all morning to talk about it, baby. All right, well let's get the show crack. We feel like they're tired of talking about it. Yeah. But we ain't Got no choice. We no choice at all. All right, well let's get the show Crack. And we got front page news. Morgan's there, right? 'cause she was out late last night. You know how Morgan gets when she's late. I told y'all not to do that damn dance party with Beyonce. I told y'all, you see, I didn't participate. They in The comments like y'all dancing with. Now I told, I told Nala, do not post it. I said, leave it in the archive. Didn't I say that yesterday? You Did, but I look cute. So I felt like why not post it? All Right, y'all. That ain't nothing to celebrate yet. All right, Morgan. Well, when we come back, front page news is The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy.


We are The, Breakfast, Club. Long LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all feeling? Goodness. I feel like I just saw y'all. What, like two hours ago? That's it. Pretty much I don. I feel all right. So I feel blessed black and highly favored in spite of Yes. Yes. Blessed black and highly favored. Let's keep that energy because the American people have spoken and elected a new commander in chief as NBC News projects Donald Trump as the winner of the 2024 presidential election. Now the former president, now President-elect defeated vice President Kamala Harris in an election that came down to the swing states while speaking to his supporters in West Palm Beach, Florida, in a victory lap about two 30 in the morning.


Here's what Trump had to say about the road ahead. Well, I wanna thank you all very much. This is great. These are our friends. We have thousands of friends on this incredible movement. This was a movement like nobody's ever seen before. Every single day, I will be fighting for you. And with every breath in my body, I will not rest until we have delivered the strong, safe, and prosperous America that our children deserve and that you deserve. This will truly be the golden age of America. That's what we have to have.


This is a magnificent victory for the American people that will allow us to make America great again. So Trump said his presidential victory was the greatest political moment movement, a fall time. And he also said he overcame many obstacles to beat Harris. In the 2024 election, he promised to heal the country and said he'll fight for people and vow to deliver a prosperous America. He also thanked VP elect JD Vance, who called the victory the greatest political comeback in history. Let's hear j. D Vance is victory speech. Well, Mr. President, I appreciate you allowing me to join you on this incredible journey.


I thank you for the trust that you placed in me. And. I think that we just witnessed the greatest political comeback in the history of the United States of America. And under President Trump's leadership, we're never gonna stop fighting for you, for your dreams, for the future of your children. And after the greatest political comeback in American history, we're gonna leave the greatest economic comeback in American history under Donald Trump's leadership. Yeah. So Trump is now the second president in US history to serve non-consecutive turns, I believe, after Grover Cleveland.


So well, You can't deny that it is the greatest political comeback in the history of the United States of America. And You know, listen, man, America has spoken and they spoke loud and clear. I'm just tired. I don't wanna fight with nobody. don don't wanna argue with nobody because at the end of the day, we are all Americans and we all want what's best for this country. I have absolutely zero reason to believe Donald Trump is gonna be a president that brings people together. But, but I'm gonna be optimistic because I don't have any other choice. Nope, no other choice. You still for four Years, And I. Hope this is the beginning of the, I hope, I hope this isn't the beginning of the Donald Trump revenge tour. I hope this is the golden age of America, as he just said. But we'll see. Alright. Yeah. We'll, all right, yeah, we'll talk more at seven about what's going on in the Senate and then we'll also hear about what happened with BP Harris last night.


That's Why a lot of y'all lied though. I'm gonna tell y'all that straight up too though. A lot of y'all lied. A lot of y'all said y'all was gonna vote for Vice President cu, but y'all went in that booth and y'all did something totally different. Michigan, Pennsylvania, a lot of y'all lied on those polls and a lot of y'all lied to people's face. Yeah. Alright. Okay. Well everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How do you feel this morning? Huh? You waking up, finding out Donald Trump is the new president. Don't call up here crying too, don. Don't want to hit please. 800 I don, don't get on your Van Jones. 5 1 5 1. Don, don't go up here on your Van Jones. I can't take it. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning, let's go. The, Breakfast Club.


It's your time to get it off your chest, whether you're mad or blessed. So you better have the same energy We want hear from you on The Breakfast Club, The legislative branch and his existing branch. That means that any law, I mean that he wants to pass any name law, he's gonna get a passed through both houses if you want to challenge it and take it in Supreme Court. He has them, the, the majority of there. So, so there's no way, no. His power basically is unlimited. Oh, think oh. Oh. It won't change. And there's a difference between an executive order and getting legislation passed. It takes maybe decades to reverse whatever, because you have to have enough numbers in, in the house and the Senate to overturn it.


So whatever he decides that he wants to do, he basically, he could do it. And I, just wanna say something to all of my, my my brothers and my other minorities out there that think there's some water than everybody else. And, I just all figured out. If he goes ahead and gets rid of qualified immunity and you, you can go ahead and be an upright standing citizen and being chair when you get pulled over. Think of somebody, the other minorities, and I'm not just talking about Latinos. You could be from India, you could be from Europe, you could be from wherever you from and you could be third generation. But your grandmother and grandfather never got their papers right. This man said that he's going across the board.


Everybody illegal to going back. So now your grandmother that's been here and she's out of touch with anything back in the old country, boom. She goes back and maybe she could sneak back in. I doubt it. At at 80 or 90 or even 60 or 70. They're up to the, to the task to doing that. So the brief synopsis is he basically, now it's a case. 'cause there's nothing that he wants to, and, and there's nobody in the, in the, a senator or congressman from the, from the his party that's gonna stand up to him right now. So you're absolutely right. But I, let's, let's hope. Thank You for calling too. Let's hope that all of the things that Donald Trump has said he's going to do, he doesn't do.


Like that's, that's all we got at this point, right? Like literally. And You know. He brought up a very good point. Very. Republicans won the Senate. The Senate last night. And then you think about the Supreme Court, judge Alito and Clarence Thomas probably gonna retire. So Trump gonna get an opportunity to probably put two more Supreme Court judges on over the next four years. So that's gonna be a a eight three conservative majority, which is very scary. And the same Supreme Court that already granted him presidential immunity, Jesus, to where he can get away with crimes. As long as it's an executive act. Well the more we talk, the less optimistic for all that come together. All in One. Well, we could just pray. Well listen, he got the catalog. He about to show y'all how Daddy Ball And I hope. Boy, that's I'm y'all.


Y'all better get all the jokes y'all can now. Okay? No, y'all better stop. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines a wide open, call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. It's your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, Hopefully you gotta have the same Industry. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? How You doing? This is Thomas man. What's up Tom Mosquito off your chest, brother. I just wanna say, first of all, thank you guys for all you guys did. I watched you guys last night and I give you guys a lot of credit for staying up there late knowing you guys get early in the morning, Take a nap. We was up since 4:00 AM But I enjoyed it though.


I know, I know And I appreciate watching that. But this is why I wanna get off my chest. I wanna get off my chest. The fact that I love The Breakfast Club. But y'all went so hard at the Republican party. What happened is that I believe people started doing their own research when you had that guy Byron on there and he mentioned the inflation thing. I think everybody started to like open their eyes. I believe most of the people, 'cause I'm in these streets, they were really concerned about the inflation. When I talked to women at the grocery stores, most women like inflation. Inflation, inflation. So I think the thing about it's that y'all went too hard if these Republican people, y'all fat, check them every two seconds, even with Donald Trump, his daughter-in-Law, she came up there, she did what she had to do.


But I think the fact checking y'all did was over the top even donkey the day for Trump the day before, it was too much. So you're not supposed to fact check people. It was over to the point that people were like, why is everybody come at them and they just start doing their research? You to, I think It's a, the difference between coming at and fact checking. Yeah. You're not supposed to fact check people. And the reality is I don. No, no, no. Sometimes say, listen, listen, I'm trying say, okay, listen, what I'm trying to say is that like, okay, so you have Donald Trump door law there and then you fact check her out off the show. So it looked bad. It looked like it didn't look like good journalism. I'm not saying you guys weren't right. What you did it that when it came to come the Democratic party, y'all was fool. Y'all wasn't fat checking and y'all helped y'all kind of every de Republican party.


It was a fact check, fact check statute. It was like the Charlie guy, you are the greatest at what you do. But you kept doing this. You kept saying, no, no, that's not true. That's not true. That's Not true. It's not true. It wasn't True like that. If, if something's not true, I got a fact check in my brother. But I will say this, Nancy Mace, we had Congresswoman Nancy Mason on, she's a Republican from South Carolina. That's the homie Nancy Maye said that inflation was caused by both parties. And the reason we have inflation right now is because of all of that money that had to be given out during Covid, all of those stimulus checks, all those PPP loans, that's what caused the inflation. Thank You brother. Hello. Who's This? This blew from Atlanta. Blue from Atlanta. Get it off your chest blue. Hey, breakfast club. I just wanna say thank you for taking my phone call.


I just wanna say to my black sisters and my black brothers, Hey, keep y'all head up. Like Charlemagne, say over and over again, this country continue to show us what it's really made of. But I want to say to people of color, other than black people and poor white people, y'all overwhelmingly voted for Trump by like 50 to 40%. Guess what y'all about to f around and find out what this country's really made of. And and black people we already know. So just keep your head up and go make y'all money and, and just laugh at the results. Thank y'all for taking a phone call. Thank You brother. Yes sir. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open now. We got just with the mess coming up. Can I ask, I just wanna say too, what's that?


I don, don don't want to be pessimistic. I don't want to be all doom and gloom this morning because the reality is this is America. We all live in this country. I'm not rooting against this country. I'm not rooting for this country to fail. You know I'm not rooting for Donald Trump to go in the White House and do all of the things that he told us he was going to do. I want him to actually do the opposite. You know, I want us to come together as a country. I hope that You know he goes in there and doesn't seek revenge, but he goes in there and really tries the right You. know You know some of these wrongs that are out here. I hope that he does put more money in people's pockets. I hope that he does You know, secure the border. But I also hope he doesn't do all of the other wild things that he told us he was gonna do.


He was going to do. You can't be mad at We The People for believing somebody when they tell us they're going to do certain things. If somebody says, yo, I'm gonna give police a, a, a immunity to do whatever they want. Why shouldn't we believe that person? No, I, I agree. And, and like you said, this is the time to unite and, and, and no, I don't want the country to go bad. I'm not betting against the country. At the end of the day, we live here. My kids live here. Live. That's right. One day we'll have grandkids and great grandkids. And you want this country to, to unite. You want this country to, to not be afraid. You want this country, you want your kids to be as safe as possible. You want 'em to flourish. You want 'em to have money and opportunities. So we want this country to Unite. And we already are in a space right now where You know women in this country have less rights now than they did when I was born in 1,978.


Correct. So please let's, I don't want things to get worse. Well, they probably will. Yeah. I, you asked me what was coming up in just with the mess. Yeah, I hear y'all. I don't feel anything of what y'all are saying right now at Wait until you see the taxes you put on wigs, the tariffs, the tariff that you gonna put on China You Know what's crazy That Wig You Know You know what's crazy You know what's crazy when you get flying, people know that you do, you don't pay for 'em. So I don't care about the taxes. Oh, they gonna charge. It's some I don, they gonna Charge I don have to pay for 'em. Ain't More free. How much is gonna cost for your shots when you get your, grow your hair back? Oh, I'm not even thinking about that. I'm not thinking About that. Oh, you ain't doing that one yet. You just gonna focus on the skincare. I'm, but I'm, I'm not, I'm joking, but I'm not joking.


I'm not worried about it 'cause I don't pay for it At all time. Alright, see. All right gal. Just with the message. I mess Like, I mean that's the first time I smiled this morning. So look at you bring a Popular little eagle, right? It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Alright. Morning Everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Laura. LaRosa Music is real. Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club.


She's a coaches coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Okay y'all. So Trump is president. People begin celebrating online. You know Lil Pump who was very loud and proud for Trump this whole time. He posted about You know Trump winning. I I also saw 50 cent posts as well. 50 cent posted some photos of him and Trump and the caption was, I don't care how the fight goes, I'm leaving with the winner. I still don't know what's going on. Congratulations. Amber Rose was at the party last night. The party, she was at Trump's watch party last night. You guys know she's was campaigning for him as well too.


So there You know some people aren't celebrating. don don't know y'all. I have a lot of questions right now. Like I I just, what's your question? Number one, I wanna know what does Biden's gonna have to say something? Biden, what does he say? Biden is one of the problems here. And the reason Biden is one of the problems here because Biden should have let everybody know he was just a transitional president. He should have let everybody know he was just going to do four years and get on about his business. And You know Biden should have dropped out a year ago or two years ago and they should have made him drop out a year ago or two years ago. Or not drop out. But to say he was not going to run against Yeah, run against. So she could have So people, not even whoever could have prepared. Right. Whoever could have prepared. Right. They could've did a proper primary You know, You know, pick the candidate. I still think You know the VP probably would've been the, the the the best choice.


But You know. I just, yeah, I think Biden is one of the, the bigger issues here that, that people aren't going to want to talk about, but they should. No, they have to at this point. I, the dancing around for me is like very tiring because to this morning I'm up and I'm thinking about a lot of stuff. Like I take care of my mom and my grandmother. Their healthcare is on. We don't even know what the healthcare is about to do. We, we were left with concepts of a plan. Right. Concepts of a plan. So we don't know. We, I just, we just gotta hope Trump's gonna be a good person to people who need affordable healthcare. Well, we should like there's a lot. Yeah. We should hope that like I I I don't, I don't want this to be the beginning of Donald Trump's revenge tour. I'm hoping that it's not, I'm hoping this is the golden age of America. Like he said, I I'm hoping that he didn't, he doesn't do anything he said he was going to do other than get the economy right and secure the border.


But do We focus on, on Biden and and and and those type of things? And do we care if he speaks or do we start You know thinking for the future, for the next four Years, What's going on? You gotta start Thinking over the next four years. We gotta thank you for sure. Yeah. Now I will say, so last night we did the live stream from Howard University and collaboration with the Native Land podcast. Yep. And we were talking about like just the straight talk. Like how You know people right now. Just what, what gets them And I think that that's a lot of the reason why we're seeing Trump as president right now because they straight, they talk straight to a lot of the issues that people feel. The language and politics is dead. Yeah. So dead. Let's take a listen. Tiffany Cross last night was having, we were having a conversation about where we think people stand and why they stand there. And she brought up that You know right now she feels like people are being dumbed down and sick of Listen, I'm going to say something that people don't like to hear.


What's that? Most people in this country are not intellectually curious about a lot of things. And I,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Coming soon to Prime video You can Call me. Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best and created by Ben Watkins, multiple victims I connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. A lot stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. S Hoge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross If We. Don't find him soon. we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against S'S head. The clock Ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up. Anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Think Trump's rise to power has coincided with the dumbing down of the American electorate and the confluence of things that led to that. If you ask most people what are, where are you getting your information from? Most people are not reading papers. Most people are not even curious enough to read a website. I read probably eight papers every day. But they can. And there are things that I, when when, when you read the, the article and then you see what's on television, it is a snapshot of something. Yeah. But people Don't see that. They'll see that. See schools are closed because immigrants stay in My Frustration, hotel this All day. But y'all missing it All day. Don't have to be intelligent to know that you can't eat. I listen man, I totally, I I'm not gonna say I totally disagree with what Tiffany was saying, but I you don't have to be intelligent to know.


You can't pay your bills. You don't have to be intelligent to know you can't afford groceries. Where I do agree with Tiffany, if you did a little research, if you were a little more intellectually curious, you would know why inflation was high and you would know inflation was actually the lowest bin in a couple of years. But that still don't matter if you still can't afford the things you need. You don't have to know how to use a bunch of 16 letter words to see billions going to war or to Say, going say I'm broke all over The World. Or to say I can't afford eggs. I can't afford milk. I can't afford orange juice. Healthcare's too high. I'm scared to go to the doctor because I don't want the bills later on. Yes. Like you said, you Don't need nothing of else. And you see, you see the billions going towards all over The. World. You see the billions going to my trillions. Yes. And, and and and You know that money isn't going to your communities. Right. You don't have to be a scholar to, to feel, to understand that. No. And most people, especially the people that like need things to be affordable, they don't go off of like, they're not sitting in looking at the polls and the facts.


They're literally just, this is how this is every single day. Stomach Growling pockets touching us Everything day You. know what I'm saying? Rent is due every single day. I might get evicted. You know there's people right now. The first was just last week and the landlord is like, Back it up six right now. So you got the late fees or you gotta go Today. Today. That's right. Right now. Yeah. I'm don don't know y'all. I know y'all are trying to be like very optimistic. Let's look forward. But I don't, I've been very nervous, especially as a woman. You worried about them? Tariffs on them wigs. Damn. You saw that? You saw You know what? You know. I know. Listen, when you said it from China, I was like, okay, get Hand from China. But then I was thinking like, yo, everything dude. Also too, I'm not joking your clothes, like everything comes from overseas. We sell merch on my website.


Oh, they don't. I do everything overseas. You wear that Timo. I was joking. They gonna kill you on that. Timo. I don't wear envy. You said I wear what? Ooh. Because, Because Trump, Kamala, whoever office I will still come across to say. But you said I do what? I I Don not a, not a machine baby. Now don don't do because we came in one day as twins. So now machine baby. Damn. Oh Man, that's crazy. Ain't nothing wrong with machine though. Look, His now your people. Ain't nothing wrong with Lil Tmobile Y Yeah, the lighter people done got in the office. And now look at you. You over the Phil. So I think you say what you want. Ain't my people Chicago pants from T-Mobile before? I bet you what one leg was on. I bet you did. They did. You know they, they really did look like the Gordon God trial. If y'all, if y'all of a certain age. You remember when Theo had that Gordon God shirt? Yes. I'm not of that.


The Congo pants had, look, I'm not of that Age. Yo You know what's so funny. I see Charlemagne order a pair. I said, I said $6. I said I'm, let me order six, let me order some shorts. Man. One leg was long. I I ordered Four of them. Did they have the little waist thing where you could snatch your waist? Man, they had suspenders. Suspenders. They was cargo pants with the suspenders on. Like I could have literally put suspenders on my shoulder. Oh my God. It was bad. One side, I had three pockets, the other side had two pockets. I was like, man, Salute the team with 'em. They gonna be $20 when Trump put the tires on. Same cargo fans. That was $6 gonna be 20, $25. All right, well that is just with the mess. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then we wanna take your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Would love to talk to you if you just getting up. don don't know if You know, but Kamala Harris didn't win last night.


And we, I mean listen, we just gotta come up with a plan. 'cause at the end of the day, America spoke loud and clear. Like I You know this. There's, it was a free and, and and fair election. And You know people went out there and they voted for the candidate they that they wanted to vote for. Correct. And now that candidate is our president. You can say whatever you want her. That's not my president. Yes it is. And the things that they're going to do in the White House with control of the Senate is going to affect us all. So what we doing? All Right, well we'll take your calls when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be The same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Law LaRosa filling in for Jess and let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan?


Hey y'all. Hey. So yeah, Donald Trump, he's gonna be the next president again. But I'm not gonna get too much into that. The Republicans though, have taken control of the Senate with some crucial wins. And there are two Senator Elect who made history in this election. But before I get into the Senate races, let's talk about Vice President Kamala Harris. She held an election night watch party at Howard University last night. And we were all out there waiting for her to address the crowd. And it wasn't until about 12:45 AM this morning, last night, however you wanna put it, it was late that someone from the Harris campaign addressed the crowd campaign. Co-chair Cedric Richmond told supporters gathered at the Harris election night watch party at her alma mater and HBCU Howard University in DC that Vice President Harris will speak to the crowds on Wednesday morning.


Let's hear those comments from Cedric Richmond. I wanna say good evening to all of the Harris campaign, the campaign family. Thank you for all that you have done. Thank you for being here. Thank you for being believing in the promise of America. We will continue overnight to fight, to make sure that every vote is counted, that every voice has spoken. So you won't hear from the vice President tonight. No. In fact, it again, she's expected to speak today in the same spot on the campus of Howard University. Or at least that's what was the last word on that.


Of course, this comes as Harris did not fa as well as she'd hope in swing states. Listen, Salute the Vice President Kamala Harris. She has nothing to be ashamed about in this moment. She was the best possible candidate to run, especially under these circumstances. She did a great job and ran a great, great campaign over the last a hundred days. I, I know that everybody was looking at President Biden as a hero when they was saying, oh, he stepped down, he stepped down. President Biden would've been a hero to me if he would've told everybody, Hey, I'm only gonna be here for four years. And then that way they could have prepared properly You know for a, a a, a new Democratic nominee in 2024. So I really You know. I I'm, I hope that when we look back on this in hindsight, we can really look at this in its total, its total context.


And say, You know what, this guy should have stepped down two years or not. He should have told us that he was gonna step down two years prior, or at least a year prior to give them the opportunity to actually have a real primary and pick a real candidate. So that's why I was never big on that whole. Joe Biden is a, a hero talk, especially being that I was one of the people that was saying he should have stepped down You know a a a year and some change ago. Well, let me ask you a question. Do you think that she should try to run again in four years? I I don't. I don't know. I don't even know. Can't think. I don't even wanna think about that. Yeah, don't even, don't even put me in that. Don't even, I don't even think about that. Don't Even put me in that. It's crazy. You live here. Don't put me in that you win. You still gonna be here, sir, you still gonna be here, Sir? I'm not looking forward to No. 2028. Let's deal with the 2025 said, take me Out the group exactly What you did.


You gotta stay in groups That counters, that counters what you just said. You're saying you're not looking forward to 2028 with the Democratic Party needs to go ahead and start preparing For I No, because I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm thinking about now. I want, like I said, I don't wanna be pessimistic. don don't want to be doom and gloom because the reality is Donald Trump is our president now. And whether you like it or not, he's my president. He's your president. He is the president of the United States of America. So I'm focused on You know what we can do right now to make sure he does right by the American people. Alright. So as, as previously mentioned, Harris has not yet given her concess concession speech. Republicans again have taken control of the Senate with some crucial wins. Bernie Moreno in Ohio, Jim Justice in West Virginia, Deb Fisher who held onto her seat in Nebraska, the GOP needed to flip only two seats while holding onto the rest.


Control of the house is still up for grabs. Although this President-elect, president-elect Trump has said that the Republican party has grabbed the house. That's not quite the case as of yet. But the topic. But back on the topic of the US Senate, Senator Elect Angela, also Brooks of Maryland and Lisa Blunt, Rochester of Delaware made history yesterday. They'll be the first black women to serve in the Senate at the same time. Blunt Rochester is the first woman and first black American to represent Delaware in the Senate after defeating Republican Eric Hanson and independent Mike Katz in the open seat that's being vacated by retiring Democratic Senator Tom Harper. So shout out Delaware a and of course my hometown or my home state.


Angela also Brooks made history as the first black woman to represent Maryland in a Senate after defeating Republican Larry Hogan, the Prince George's County executive. She's replacing Senator Ben Cardin, who is retiring now. She addressed a crowd in Prince George's County yesterday. And here's what she had to say. Angela also Brooks. Now it's remarkable to think that in two years America will celebrate its 250th birthday. And in all those years there have been more than 2000 people who have served in the United States Senate and only three have looked like me. And so I want to salute all of those who came before me, who made it possible for me to stand on this stage tonight.


Who sacrifices and stories I'll continue to carry with me. And from the bottom of my heart, I thank each and every Marylander to serve this state. My hometown is the honor of a lifetime. Well, So those sisters congrats to him. But just keep in mind, Republicans af a after last night, they have the majority in the US Senate. So they gonna do what they want when they want because they move as the united front. You don't ever have to worry about what those 51 Republicans in the US Senate gonna vote. They're all gonna vote together every single time. That's right. You know. I'm saying it's a victory. It's a victory. But it's a short one. Shortlived victory. So former Maryland Governor Hogan told supporters, he spoke with also Brooks and congratulated her on a hard fought victory.


And he said, quote, regardless of who you voted for, we can all take pride in the election of the first black woman to represent Maryland. So, I mean, You know he got it. So Carol, mostly Braun was the first black woman elected to senior chamber in 1992. But it wasn't until 2016 that Harris, Kamala Harris became the second woman voted to the Senate. Lafon Butler was appointed last year. So none overlapped. And of course also Brooks and Rochester are now sister senators to be, and marijuana was also on the ballot in four states on election day in Florida where marijuana is already legal voters rejected a measure to legalize recreational marijuana. Similar questions in North and South Dakota were also rejected in Nebraska.


The voters said yes to making medical marijuana legal. So I I was shocked that they voted against marijuana in Florida. In Florida, right. I just, I thought so too that in 2024, marijuana would be something that people would just want to make You know legal all across the board. It Seems like it, right? Yep. Yeah. That's not in Florida. Ain't meth legal in Florida. They Act like it is. Meth is not legal. Meth legal in Florida. Meth is not legal anyway. Meth is not legal. So All those hard drugs, legal in Florida, but weed not Don, don't think any of those drugs are legal. They be smoking meth in Florida like it's Legal. Yeah. They might be smoking it, but it's not legal. And Them young boys in Florida be popping perks like it's legal too. Well, perks are legal when you the prescription drugs described by, by a doctor. So what about when you just trying to go to the moon That's high.


That's, that's, that's not, Well get high and take a whole chopper to face. Jesus. You over here this morning. I mean, do what you gotta do to get through the today. All right, well that's all I do. I was gonna say thank you Morgan. It was great seeing you yesterday. It Was great seeing y'all too. We tired or Na? Okay. That's your First, You. Hey Morgan. You feel stupid doing that little Beyonce dance? Huh? Now I told You'all not. Oh, Beyonce. You gonna have a dance party? Dance party with Beyonce and look, did you feel stupid eating them chicken nuggets? What you talk about? No, that's your first. I needed a full stomach. Probably threw up. I told NLA to archive that damn video. All right, thank you. All right. So now what we doing? We open up the phone lines. That's all we can do, my brother. That's all we here to do here on The. Breakfast. Club, man.


We here to You know. Talk to our, talk to our listeners and, and the people who voted for Trump, feel free to call into. 'cause we know some of our listeners voted for Trump as well. That's right. You know 800. He is the president of the United States of American. We all are American Citizens. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. I do have a question. Do you think Kamala didn't win because she was a woman, she was a black woman? Or the fact that just people didn't relate? There's no one thing. Like I know every, all the pundits and everybody, they gonna try to point to one thing and say, well it was it because she was a woman? Was it she's a woman of color? Was it because of her running mate? What, what? Like, but it's, it's a number of things. It's not just one thing. I feel like The biggest thing was time, in my opinion. Nah, I think the biggest thing was the economy. And, I think that Democrats just don't You know.


They just got a problem with messaging. And even though since World War ii, the economy always does better under, under a democratic president. They just don't know how to convey to the American people that we can put more money in your pocket. Because even Though, though, even though Hillary lost, she still won a popular vote when she lost what, like eight years ago? Yes. You know what I mean? She still won a popular vote, but she just didn't win the elector Vote. I'm so confused because it felt so like Kamala is here, the change people are happy and then she loses The I popular vote. Think that was our barbecue, our, our film reunion, our HBCUs. We just had, we were happy to have a candidate that had a pulse. Joe Biden was dead. Somebody actually unassisted. That's All. Joe Biden was dead.


So the fact we had somebody who had a pulse, we was like, yes, they're alive. All right, well let's open up the phone line. Let's discuss (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Hey, steady calling my phone. Calling my phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Law LaRosa filling in for Jess. We are broadcasting from the DMV area this morning. We were out at how Howard University last night. Broadcasting live flew to our family.


Tiffany Cross, Andrew Gillum and Angela Rye. Thank you for having Us. The Native Land Podcast. Make sure you subscribe to the Native Land Podcast on the Reason Choice Media, iHeart Radio podcast network. That's right. We're opening up the phone lines just to, just to get your thoughts. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It was a long night. A lot of you waking up right now trying to see exactly what happened. My mother just texted me. My heart is broken. God help us. I've been getting a lot of those texts this morning from family members. Well, God is the best author in finishing You know. And that's why this morning I came on the radio, And I said, I don't wanna be pessimistic. I don't wanna be doom and gloom because the reality is we are all Americans. And that is who the American people went out there and chose to be our our next president. And You know. The only thing that I can hope is that all of the, of the, of the nasty things Donald Trump says he wants to do, whether it's locking up You, know his, his political opponents locking up You.


know the, the journalists You know like the, the, the mass deportations. Even though You know there's going to be some deportation, but I'm just talking about mass deportation, all of these things that he talked about wanting to do. I pray that he doesn't do I pray that he goes in the White House and it's not a revenge tour. He really wants to do what he says, which is put more money in people's pockets, secure the border and make this the golden age of America. That's right. Me Too. Because I got Meek Mills braids under here, but I ain't trying to be sporting them in jail. 'cause I go to work. You ain't even gotta worry about that. You gonna have a meek mill braid regardless. 'cause that wig that you got on right now, if he puts some tariffs on China, it's going to cost about $760 For that. How Much it cost now you paid Good like six 700. Oh, so oh, 1824.


The type, the type of hair. Oh, 2,400 easily. How many bundles? This is six. Oh no, five. Five. We use five. About Five. Oh. Oh my God. Well, let's, you gonna have to get another job on top of this job to pay for that. Well, let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? Oh, is this me? It's Jay. Hey, good morning. Where you calling from? Hey, I'm calling from Massachusetts. Okay. What, what's, what's your thoughts this morning? Waking up. How you feeling? Oh Man, stop the steal. That's really it. They didn't steal anything. You know in Massachusetts. You know they didn't steal anything. Come on, let's not start that. Know he had know 1 million votes. She had 65 million volt. She said, I know, I know. And, and it's a, it's a, it's a huge difference from what we thought was gonna go down.


But I mean, a lot of what Harris ran on, we have here in Massachusetts, we are a majority democratic state. We have the home, the down payment assistance. We have the Medicare PCA programs. It's like the rest of the country. Don't y'all want this stuff too? Very, very confusing. Like my 12-year-old son, he heard me up all night running out, running, yelling at the tv. He went to school this morning in tears thinking we was really gonna be picking cotton. 'cause that's all I kept saying yesterday. We gonna whip up picking pot. Poor kid. How old is he? Wait, what happens? We gonna pick cotton Too. Poor kid. 12 years old gonna go to go Teachers, we gonna be picking cotton soon. Teaching.


Well, I will say in California, 3.8 million people in California voted to keep slavery illegal. I Don't believe that. California Proposition six prohibits slavery and involuntary servitude. 3.8 million people in Cali voted to keep it legal. Go look It up. That's somebody's neighbor voted for that. Well, thank you mama for Calling uneducated folks, but thank you guys. I just wanna give a shout out to my son Jada. I love you, baby. Have a great day at school today. Do not let these white folks get you out character. All right, mama. Tell him he is not gonna be picking cotton y Y'all, y'all, y'all keep talking about the white folks. But I'm telling you, the Republicans had a very racially diverse ra racially diverse coalition last night that voted for them. It wasn't just white people. Let's go to another line. Hello, who's this?


It's Chandler from Columbus, Ohio. Chandler. What up brother? What Up, what up? Just want to say it's a sad day, but me living in Ohio, it's so many racist bigots. I never thought Harris had a chance, like ever. It was set up for Trump to win and the dude got 34 felons and still was able to run. So 34 don don't know why we're acting so surprised that he won. I I I don I don't think it's surprised. I just think people are they, they, they're, they're still slightly shocked because You know all his rhetoric. He got even more toxic since 2016. Since 2020 on top of the two impeachments on top of all the criminal charges on top of You know bro leading an attempted court, bro.


Country Revenge. He's gonna want revenge. Like they, they put him in court. Definitely. They fingerprinted him. They they did all that stuff. They, they put charges. He feels like the charges are not warranted. He's gonna want his revenge on those people dying. Y'all Don't feel like we we're numb to all of that though? Like, no Problem, better not be no We people, I feel like people, well why is Trump our president? If, if no, Because people don't care about none of those issues. They care about what's going on in their pockets. They care about You know, not feeling safe because of the border Thank you channel. And he has been able to tap into that and speak to that. He's been able to speak to people's grievances better than Democrats have. That's just the truth of the matter. I agree with that. And if I was Donald Trump, I'm tweeting today. All my charges better be dropped by Friday at 5:00 PM and I'm putting better in capital election at 7:00 PM Friday.


Okay. I was trying to Be happy. That would be funny if he did that though. All my charges better be dropped by 7:00 PM Friday. Or else. Or else. Oh Lord Mercy. Oh my goodness. Don't give me any ideas. Oh Lord Mercy 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? You're waking up this morning, don. Don't know if you just, if you're just waking up and you're turning on the radio. But Donald Trump has been elected, well, will be elected the president of the United States of America. Alright, so we just ask him, what are your thoughts? How are you feeling? Call us up right now.


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Coming soon to Prime video You can Call me. Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I'm connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. This killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Als Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to dress his gut against size. His head, The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I. know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the moth watering anticipation of new possibilities, whether that's making the perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way they look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone for details.


This is Coke Zero Sugar, could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide.


Now's The. Breakfast Club. Good mornings Made It. If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. We're opening up the phone lines this morning. (800) 585-1051. If you're just waking up, if you're just joining us, Kamala Harris lost last night to Donald Trump. Donald Trump won electoral votes and the popular votes last night. Well, they Don't know if she's it.


It looks like she's gonna lose the popular vote. All the votes still haven't been counted yet. Right. But right now I think he has 71 million. She has 65. We are actually broadcasting from the DMV today. We were at Howard University broadcasting live, but we're just taking your calls this morning. Hello. Who's This? Good morning. Good morning. How y'all doing today? What's Up, brother? Great. What's going on, man? What you thinking this morning, brother? Man, I'm trying to, first off shouts out to ka kaist. She did her thing. Shouts out to her. Shouts out to y'all too. Shouts out y'all. But my, my beef is, I'm trying to see Trump or a Trump a felon. Am I correct? Yes, yes. I'm also a felon. I'm trying to see how can Trump become president as a felon. But I done got outta prison rehabilitating myself. I'm a truck driver now, but I constantly get turned down for certain jobs because of my past.


But I can be president though, right? So I can W what what what do you check on the US census? Sir? What's your race? What? He's black, Sir. I'm black African American. Okay. Stop African American. Stop calling up here asking answers. Right? But You know. You know. You know what? That why? But It's, that's a good question. Trump is, is supposed to be sentenced in the next couple of weeks. Right? Boy, please. Is it a good question to me What he's supposed to be legally Right. I told y'all Last night, he, I Trump got something greater than white privilege. I, I I've, I've seen Trump make billionaire powerful white men feel like n words. He's marginalized those people. Think about the people like Jeff Bezos, who wouldn't even for the first time ever let his newspaper endorse any candidate.


Yeah. If it was against Trump, just think about that. Yeah. Like, I've never seen a man marginalize other, other powerful men the way Donald Trump had. He Knew something that, that, that we obviously didn't know y'all talking About. Did he got tapes? Drop my As might have some tapes on all them folks. Hello? Who's this? Oh my Gosh. Hey, this is Rachel. Hey, Rachel. Where you calling from? Calling From Canton. Canton. Canton, Ohio. Yeah. Okay. Canton, Ohio. What? How you feeling this morning? Waking up, Ma'am, my anxiety is high. I'm, I'm mad I'm peed off. This is, I I'm just confused really, because the last time that we was dealing with him, we almost had a civil war. I mean, him and his racist people had their confederate flags up storming the capitol.


So the fact that we're back in the same position to put this right, like there's something more to it. There's gotta be something more to it. Like this is not gonna go to well, like, and, and And, I don't know about anybody else, but my son is 17. He'll be 18 in 11 months and he wants to join the military. He's been in jail since he, his whole life. Him as a black man, he can't join no military under Trump's ruling. Right? Like, that's not gonna happen. Nah, I know mad people that they were given more money for you to resign back into military Air Force or whatever this year because people didn't wanna do it. But now it's like you don't have a choice. Like if you going, you going, Well, You know, there, there was no war. We just not like, I mean, we not at, we not we're at, we're not at in no wars right now. People were just scared, but scared.


But we weren't in no wars under, on, under Donald Trump either. So I don't You know. I don't know why that's a concern. I think Rachel, Well, because you just never know. He, he's, he's, he's too hotheaded. And that's the part that scares me. I mean, realistically, when my son joined the military, we could have always been in the war wait, no matter who was in office because no, anything would happen. But he's a hot head. He, he, he'll go in and just demolish something because they don't like what he says. I mean, even if you listen to the, the, when then they had the debate. He literally said that everybody just don't talk. Right? You either put it to 'em like you either gonna do what I say, or, or, or that's it. We ain't dealing with you. And that causes chaos. This is why you don't deal with other countries in that way. There has to be a level of peace. You can't come in like that. No. So, and my son, I don't want him a part of the, the craziness or what if there is a civil war and my son has been listening to the military that puts him at either you need to fight for the white people or you, you go to prison.


That's where that puts him at. So it's, it's a little deeper even with other countries. It's the civil war we could be in. This is serious. And, I. Don't think people are, are, are taken this as serious as it is. Well, You, you, you're not, you're not wrong though. Thank you, Rachel. I I do want us to thank you, Rachel. I do want us to just really take a step back though. And I know we're gonna be so quick to say, oh, everybody that supports Trump is racist and everybody that supports Trump is biggest. Biggest. Yeah. There's something to that. But man, he tapped into something else because he, this is one of the most racially diverse Republican coalitions ever. You got black people who voted for him. You got Latinos who voted for him. You got people in the L-G-B-T-Q community who voted for him. I'm telling you, man, people don't care about those cultural issues as much as they care about what's going on in their pockets.


People want to have more money in their pockets, and they wanna know how they can feel safe. And he has tapped into some type of energy, and he knows how to speak to people's grievances better than Democrats do. And it's worked for him. I will Say this You know, we had this conversation yesterday about does celebrity push people to vote? But I guess obviously it doesn't, right? Because those celebrities are already rich. Don't nobody want to hear no rich person telling them who they should vote for when they feel the the person that they're telling them to vote for is the reason that they are in such bad financial circumstances. Mm. That's really, it's really just that simple. Let's Go to the phone line. Hello. Who's this? My name? Jay. Hey, what's up man? What's your thoughts this morning, brother? Man, I'm a bit disappointed, but I kind of expected Trump to win.


But I just, I really got one serious question. How do they go about convicting a president elect? You know, they Not, they not, they not, they're not. I don't See happen all. See, It's not happening. Okay. It's not happening. Imagine they go try to arrest Donald Trump and Donald Trump says, I'm not going. I'm president-elect. How dare you. And then now it's this big standoff. And now you got all of these militias of people who voted for Donald Trump coming to his defense with the president. The military damn near gonna be on this side at this point. You not, you're not arresting Donald Trump at this point. That's over. It's not gonna happen. Those charges are done. Like you said, I ain't never seen nobody In border law like This.


Man. Dude. Me neither. Untouchable for Real. I ain't never seen it either. All right, let's take one more caller. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Kay. Joe from va. Hey, what part of Virginia? I'm actually from Hampton. Oh, from Hampton. Okay. Well, don, don't say it like that. Like you were ashamed. You from Hampton, Hampton Roads area. Come on it. 7, 5, 7. Good morning. How you feeling this morning? Talk to us. Good Morning, you guys. Honestly, I'm not, I'm not surprised by everything or, or how everything went down. I feel like with, with Kamala Joe didn't do her justice. He did not give her like a warm handoff. And I feel like it was botch from the beginning because of that. Maybe if he did that the way he should have and handed her that when he was done the first time, it probably would've went better.


But that, that was a little too late. I agree with you. That was a little too late. I agree with you. There's so many people. I mean, listen, I don don't wanna point the finger at nobody. I think that You know the Democrats needed to do some real soul searching and look inside of themselves to see what it is that they're not doing and what they're not saying. That's not connect, that's not connecting with people. But you're right, man. Joe Biden didn't do the Democratic Party. No. Justice Joe Biden didn't do America Justice because Joe Biden should have said at all. I'm, he wasn't trying to go nowhere. That's right. That's right. I know you said earlier, char I, don, you were saying we shouldn't focus on that. But I think that they should. I think that this should be a real lesson in like telling the truth and being honest about things and where it gets you if you don't. So for the Democratic Party, thank you mama. He should Have said, I'm gonna be a one term president.


This is just a transitional thing. I think he thought He was gonna win. I think, I think he thought it. He was fine. And I. I think he thought he had a great chance to winning it. He was A hundred years old in 2020. Okay. He should have known, bro. We've Been saying that for two years and for two years we've been saying that we've been attacked. Right. When he was shaking people's hands that weren't there. That's right. When he was falling up the stairs, falling down the stairs when he was riding the bike and falling and, and and all, and and, and talking to people that weren't in the room. We've said that This is, this is, this is, this is Joe Biden's fault in a lot of ways. And it's Democrat's fault in a, in, in a, in a lot of ways because Joe Biden should have been said, Hey, I'm not gonna be here to run in 2024. Let me give y'all ample. Let me give y'all ample time to prepare. Right. Well, what's the moral of the story if there's tomorrow?


The moral of the story is we, we just starting, We gotta unite. Yeah. But we're just, we're literally just starting right there. We're having this conversation is an ongoing conversation because whether we like it or not, Donald Trump is the 47 president of the United States of America. And You know at some point we can't continue to be the divided states of America at some point. Like we all do have to come together. Because what I'm, what I have realized from this election is we all want the same things. We want more money in our pocket and we wanna know how we gonna stay safe. How we gonna keep our family safe. That's right. That's it. I think the moral is all the natural haircare girlies. Y'all better suit up. No. Hey boo Text, it's about to be y'all time. What Is Hey boo text When they text you, when your hairdresser texts you, Hey boo, she about to cancel. Oh, I thought that's so all the natural hair girlies.


Y'all need to back away from 'em. Hey boo. Text and suit up. It is your time because it, the price of hair and all that. Nobody, it's not about to beat 'em. Sos and the Wigs. I thought that was another brand from China who was shot up. No, the girls that get it, get it. The girls that get it, they listen. The hey Btex is a little traumatizing. But that's the story for another day. All right, well we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? We do. We gonna get into so some positive results. Gypsy Rose Blanchard a hundred percent. Her boyfriend is her baby daddy. We gonna get into Talking about who's Gypsy Rose, whatcha talking about? We'll get into it, y'all. Not right now. She don't have no woman's reproductive rights. Whoever that is. I want you to know that. Alright. Right. She's pregnant right now. Oh, We'll talk about it. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DJ and NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're broadcasting live from the DMV area. And let's get to just with the mess with l LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare. Nobody Worldwide. Just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. The coaches. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And, I Got the Mess. Talk To me. Alright y'all, so real quick before we get into Gypsy Rose Blanchard, I wanted to shout out Jason Lee. Jason Lee won Stockton District six.


Hey, good news. He was running for Councilman. Yes. I wanna prove his bond for Jason Lee. Some good news he posted about the win and he said, now I begin the work of creating a safer and stronger community, improving our quality of life and charting our next chapter. I'm, I'm all for that salute to Jason Lee. Yes. Shout out to Jason Lee. Now in other positive news and positive results. I'm really excited about this one. Gypsy Rose Blanchard. So Gypsy Rose Blanchard, for those who do not know she was convicted of second degree murder after she pled guilty to helping her boyfriend kill her mom. Now this case was like, what? Yeah. Okay. So Oh, I remember. I remember, I remember. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was everywhere. This case was everywhere because it was so crazy. 'cause basically her mom was, she was mentally abusing her, but she was also medically abusing her.


Like she was over exaggerating her medical issues. I remember. Yeah. And using it to like build like hype around her and like all that stuff. So people, you of course felt bad for her and were champion for her to not go to jail for as long as they, they gave her, they sent her to 10 years once she pled guilty because she was able to get a plea. Okay. So fast forward, she comes home. My sis gets a man. Soon as she comes home and they're together. Right now they're together. And then all of a sudden, and And I mean like they're together, together. Like she remember she posted like his D was fire. Y'all remember that? I don't, I I thought you better say you did. No, I I Of all the people in the room outside of me, I thought you would've remember that. Nope. Okay. Dang. So she posted that You an LBTQ voter.


That's, She said She had posted about his DB and fire because he was getting so much backlash online for being her new boo because it's not the, like they was basically like, you don't know what she make her boyfriends do. But anyway, so she decided to leave that boyfriend. Now she gets with her boyfriend Ryan, who You know is around. But like the timelines are really close. It's so close that her divorce from her ex is still not, I'm sorry, her, her divorce from her ex Ken. Dang. Dang Gypsy. Sorry. Dang Gypsy. You got a lot of men. I'm getting confused. Okay. So her divorce from her ex boo Ken? No, Ken is the baby. I'm confused.


Ryan. Okay. Look. So Ken, Ken Barbie like Ken is the new guy. Ryan is the ex. So she got with Ryan when she came home, people were like, yo, how did you move on so fast? Gypsy decided to get on TikTok one day and explain the timeline. She said she left Ryan in March on March 23rd. She, mother Nature visited her on April 17th. So she was not pregnant then. April 27th, 28th and 29th and the 30th she made love to Ken, her new boot. And then she conceived her baby on May 4th and she got the positive pregnancy test on May 24th. So the timeline was kind of close. But yesterday she posted her paternity results. And let me tell y'all, Ken is the baby daddy. Yay.


Y'all don't care about these positive results. I don't even know what the hell you talking about. I'm be honest with you. Tips Rose Ggl. This is a major, I don't even Know who that is. I don. You're talking about numbers coming in. This is a major, she no, she's not. She's not related to she, when we were walking in the Kamala thing yesterday, this is, remember I was like, oh my gosh, she got paternity results. I had no idea who you was talking about that. I'm you, you, you, you talking above UNC head right now. Okay. Lauren. don don't know. Just say Unc say help on out. I I don't even care. don don't even need your help on this one. I'm, I'll say I You look happy about it. Go ahead. I am. This is the only thing that's made me happy this morning. I feel very weird though reporting about this and Trump is about the our world is going down. Huh? I'm lost. Go ahead. Continue. Yeah, she is having a baby. So she's pregnant right now. But people were basically saying you don't know who your baby daddy is because you just left your ex and now you with your new boo and your divorce not even finalized.


She don't rap. But she on reality Though. No, it's just her case was so everybody was following the case because how crazy it was. And so what she came home, everybody was like, yes, my girl Gypsy. Oh, you ask some her questions now she explained it again Because Y wasn't listening the first time. I'm just trying to act engaged. Oh I'm, yes. Thank you. That's all I don you. I appreciate it because somebody out there cares about this. People care about my girl Gypsy. Okay. The D is fire was a whole thing. The D is fire. Well shout out to her. You don't Say that. Shout out to her. Well why them Ds wasn't on fire last night. Them alls looked like they was on fire last night. I ain't seen no Ds on fire. Them Ds ain't coming through. No, them Ds ain't come through in Pennsylvania. Them Ds ain't coming through in in Georgia. Yo, them Ds. I ain't expect 'em to come through in Georgia.


That's Crazy because Pennsylvania Be hitting the, Huh? Nothing. Which is that? You said the pizza man. No, not nothing. Go ahead. What Are y'all saying? Okay, continue on man. Well, I will say by law in Louisiana where she lives, her ex will appear on the birth certificate unless she does certain things in court to make sure that he doesn't Come will fight you. Yo. So don't get by no damn Gypsy Road. Yo. Too long a Gypsy rose. Okay. All right. Do y'all care about Diddy still? Trump gonna Pardon Diddy. You think so? That's what's gonna happen. What's the gimme What's the, what you got on Diddy, man? So look, they was You know there's been reports that Diddy actually was eligible to vote from prison.


Oh Lord. Well you need, we needed him. Well, we don't know who he voted for. No, we do not know who he voted for. So the way that this goes is You know he's in MDC Brooklyn. He would've had that voted wherever his home state is. So it probably would've been Florida or California. He would've had to request an absentee ballot. The absentee ballot would've been given to him. He would've to fill it out and mail it from the federal prison and then it would've been counted. And I will say this is not just because he's Diddy, this is a thing like, because Diddy has not been charged with anything. He can vote and so can other inmates. There are other inmates who voted in this election because they were not convicted of anything. So we don't know who did he voted for. But did he could have voted Who You think he gonna say Now?


Yes. He gonna say voted for Trump. Okay. Yeah. Unless he, yeah, of course he gonna say voted for trial. Well, I also will say too, remember yesterday when we were streaming with the Native Land podcast? We were talking about that Joe Rogan sitting down with, with Elon Musk and Joe Ro. Elon Musk. Yep. And I was saying that You know. I think that that interview, I said this yesterday, I said, I feel like that interview You know I saw it have an impact on people. Yes. Like people were talking about. Did y'all watch it or No, I didn't watch it. I just heard people were Talking about it. I watched parts of it. People Were saying like, yo Elon really sealed the deal for Trump. I didn't watch the interview. Mm. I didn't see And. I heard, I heard about it. Okay. So that's one piece of the puzzle. Now y'all rem puzzle. Y'all remember when J-Lo came out a couple days ago and was like, y'all need to go vote for Kamala. Yes. Because it, so basically after J-Lo came out and said that, then Elon Musk went on, something happened on the news again.


What y'all looking at? Nah, I'm just watching this last Don't scare me. Last night I thought Trump was up there saying like, I don't know something. So after JLo sat down, I'm sorry, after J Lo came out and said that Elon Musk sat down with Joe Rogan and said, y'all don't even need to listen to J-Lo don't vote for who she's telling you to vote for Kamala. Because she didn't even warn us to vote. Diddy, let's take a listen. It's just amazing how many people in the Diddy party list that are supporting Kamala too. Yeah. Seriously. It's like insane. Publicly, openly. Like all in it's, It, it's like JLo like was was like his ex-girlfriend. And it's like now, now deciding, she's like warning people against Trump. I'm like, you see, well wait a second. So how many people did she warn against Diddy? Right? Oh zero. Okay. Right. Well maybe we shouldn't trust her opinion.


Did You see the Babylon's take on it? Did you see the Babylon be Babylon's Wilson, but Diddy's ex-girlfriend urges Americans to trust her judgment. Yeah. Well you could compare the Diddy party list to the Epstein party list. The only, the only difference is that the people that on Epstein party list, nobody will care about. That's just reality of the situation. 'cause You know they put out something that said Jeffrey Epstein was like, oh, Donald Trump is my best friend or whatever, been my best friend for however years. Nobody can. As long as we didn't lose this because of the Diddy party. That's it. We didn't You know what they lost this because of the economy. It's really just that simple. don don't know why we keep people can't afford The baby boy. Yeah. People don't, oh my people, people will forget what you did. People will forget what you said. But they'll never forget how you made them feel four years ago when people was getting them stimulus checks and then P loans.


It just is what it is. People feel like financially they were better off. You know people care about money and they care about safety and they feel like You know things. Were outta control with the border. And they watched all of that money go to You know, You know the, the, the border situation. I'm just, it's just really simple. Well, let Me ask you a question. Last night when we were doing the Broadcast, you, you we, we were talking about all the black grandmas That were praying. My grandma was praying, don't talk crazy. 'cause she listening. She on her way from her her appointment. I ain't just talking about your grandma. I'm talking about just think about that every black grandma in America collectively prayed was praying. Did they? So but they, let me tell you something. God is the best author. Author and finish it. Yes. I'm gonna tell y'all that over and over.


God is the best author in finishing. I don't know what God is trying to tell us right now, but boy, a bunch of people in this, in this country, in this country as a hole need to do some soul searching. I'll tell you that much. I Think God about to show us who really got money. 'cause people about to get on up outta here. The rest of us gonna be stuck. You, you think God could nobody going nowhere? He said, You said you was leaving When I sat down. Ain't night going nowhere. I ain't say that. That I meant leaving the hotel. Lauren No be To work in the morning. No. Whatcha you talking about m No leaving Howard Campus. That's not true. That definitely you said you, you said you was going to Ghana. I stuck outta Here. I probably Am for the holidays. And I. 'cause I remember when you said it, I'm like, dang, I could never uproot my family and go to Ghana. You got money. I ain't say that. I did say that, but I ain't, I mean I didn't mean it. No, I didn't mean I'm going Ghana for the holidays probably.


My Goodness. I don know. Man. Listen, there's a lot. It is that if you're, you're lying to yourself right now if you're saying you don't feel a sense of confusion this morning. But what I will go back to saying is that Donald Trump is the president of the United States of American. We just gotta figure out collectively what are we going to do now as a community? Because we all here, we're all hearing


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Coming soon to Prime video You can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for, for this killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years known cross. I learned to dress his gut against inside his head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I. know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide


Welcome to The World of Bose ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, come on in BS ultra open earbuds. Own the gift game and check out bose.com/iheart to shop now.


America, y'all. Well, at the end of the day, we got donkey today coming up. Who? You gimme a donkey too? I have no idea. I ain't even thinking about that this morning. You got three minutes, bro. Oh, open the microphones. We can talk. What you mean? I can talk. Okay, let right now. You kidding? I got, I don't know what's gonna happen after I. don don't Say that. N So truth. That's what he said. That's true. My ball is rolling now. Like don't say that. Well open the microphones and open the phone lines. Okay. Let's talk to the people. Okay. All right. Well, 805 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Donkey. Today's up. Next. Maybe it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your morning's on never be the same.


This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a donkey To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Now, a new developments in the deadly spa shooting rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this Is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white. A white white man. But The, Breakfast, Club bitches. All right, Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day? Donkey of today for Wednesday November 6th?


I, I don't, I don't even really have a donkey of today. I, I just wanna talk to us. My fellow Americans, listen, America has spoken and they spoke loud and clear. Donald Trump will be the 47th president of the United States of America. I have friends on the right. I have friends on the left. I have friends of the Independence. And regardless of who we all decided to vote for yesterday, guess what? Donald Trump is now all of our president. Again, I don't wanna fight anyone. I don't wanna argue with anyone because at the end of the day, we are all Americans and we all want what's best for this country. I hope, okay, I know today Democrats are gonna be looking for someone to blame. Lemme be the first to tell you. It's not just one thing. I personally feel like Donald Trump speaks to people's grievances better than Democrats do. I know people are gonna talk about misinformation in the dumbing down of society.


I understand all of that. But you don't have to be intelligent to know. You can't pay your bills. You don't have to be intelligent to know you can't afford groceries. People will forget what you did. They'll forget what you said. But they will never forget how you made them feel. And to millions of Americans, tens of millions of Americans, they simply felt financially better when Trump was in office. I don't think it's fair to just chalk up. You know Trump winning to racism, sexism, homophobia, antisemitism. Yes, he tapped into all of the worst things America has ever had to offer. And there are a lot of people who agree with his rhetoric and voted for him because of those reasons. But I truly believe most people voted for him because they want more money in their pocket and they want to feel safe. Look, I know the economy does better under Democrat presidents, but Democrats haven't been able to make the American people believe that.


I know the border is a bipartisan issue, but Democrats spent a lot of time acting like it wasn't an issue. Democrats created the sanctuary. Cities, Democrats told them to come on in. Meanwhile, Republicans were putting migrants on buses and planes and sending them to those sanctuary cities. And then, then Democrats had to change costs. But it might've been too little, too late. Because at the end of the day, once again, when you see all that money going to migrants, going to the border issue, all you can think to yourself is they have billions for that. But aren't making investments into the communities right here in America. You see homeless people everywhere. You don't have no money in your pocket. You don't know how you gonna pay your bills. You facing eviction. Listen, I'm not saying Trump is gonna fix all of that. All I'm saying is Donald Trump has made people feel like he will fix all that in a way that Democrats have it.


Once again, don't just chalk it up to racism, sexism, okay? I believe those things play a role. But at the end of the day, it's the economy stupid. And Democrats might just be really out of touch with what everyday Americans are feeling. Now, I didn't want to come on here today and be all doom and gloom. I have absolutely zero reason to believe Donald Trump is gonna be a president that brings people together. But I'm going to be optimistic because don don't know any other way to be. I hope this isn't the beginning of Donald Trump's revenge tour. I hope this is the golden age of America. As he said, I hope all the nut ass things Trump said he was going to do, he doesn't do. Because one thing vice President Kamala Harris said repeatedly is, Trump has an enemies list.


I have a to-do list. There is a lot of things that need to be done in America. And I hope he gets to do it. And We, The, People need to look alive on the ground because you have a Republican party that has a majority in the Senate, judge Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas, they'll probably retire. That means Trump will get two more Supreme Court picks. So what I'm basically saying is there is nothing we can do right now, but try to come together some way somehow. That's it. Huffington Post just posted an article with the headline. Trump just ran the most racist campaign in modern history and won. What are we supposed to do about that? Okay, I'm looking at some of these numbers. don don't even know if these are true, but I'm looking at the numbers. I'm seeing high Hispanic You know voters nationwide voted for him.


You know I'm seeing a a slight uptick in black men. They are 52% of white women. We can keep saying You know Trump is a threat to democracy, but nobody's treating him like one. Not the media, not the DOJ and certainly not the voters. 'cause they spoke last night. America got the president it voted for and America got the president it deserved. But now I'm simply asking, how can we all coexist civilly? That's what I'm thinking about today. That's what I'm thinking about right now. People are hitting me saying things like, we about to live in a world that looks like our grandparents world. The, World. People are saying this is gonna be Jim Crow 2.0. I don't know, but I know don don't think that's what any of us want. Right? It might be too much to process right now.


It is early in the morning. Okay, this is all just hitting us. So if you want to get back to this later, I'm fine with that. But I just want us to start thinking about it because it's going to be a lot of work. But I know God is the best author and finisher, And I. Don't know what God is trying to tell us right now. I don't know what story God is writing, but I'm listening. Please just hit the he haw. That's All I got for you right now. That's it. This, that's Exactly why people don't read these stories be so crazy What story you read just now, Just Amer. That's what's happening right now. Best Arthur, best finisher read.


Are you slow? Like what is happening? Two, you, you a little distraught this morning, huh? I am. I am. I have been all morning. I know y'all in here. So hopeful. You scared Earlier, Charlotte. When you tell her that the wig on tripling prices, she nervous ever since you said Donald Trump Put ever. I nervous You know what I did are Going to quadruple, but that's gonna be the least of Your words. I already started my chat about my suppresses. I ain't worried. But that's gonna be the least here Under here is good, Baby. Trust me. What I tell you, that's gonna be the least of your words. But that's why I'm scared. But I'm hoping it's not. Am I wrong for wanting to be optimistic? No. We should Be optimistic. We got four years. We should. No, we might have forever. Let's talk about that forever Because he said we not gonna be in no vote again.


That don't scare. He said there's no more elections after this one. Yeah, he definitely said, you sitting in here, y'all hopeful, optimistic. That's my, he definitely said that. That's my whole point. He said all of these things. So I'm, I'm Done, don. Don't wanna read this, but God, I know you the best author, finisher, all that, but Im God, I'm ready to read I don, you better not go against God. I don't know what you talking about over. I'm not gonna against God. I have reservations to me to talk. I'm not gonna read what you told me to read. But we, we need to talk don, don't what you're Saying. We need to talk personally before I. don And I. Just don't get it. I don't understand Don don't understand either. But You know. Sometimes you have, you shouldn't lean on your own understanding. I Know that's right. You better up preach over here. I'm Just trying to tell you eight. You Better preach, boy. Five eight. Five one oh five. Let's open up the phone lines. Let's talk to some more people that's just waking up right now. Depressed down. Have anxiety, need somebody to talk to.


We just here to open up the phone. By the way, let's open up the phone lines. Don't nobody, don't nobody need to have all the answers. Nope. Because we don't have 'em. Nope. You know what I'm saying? We don't You know it, but all I know is the American people made a decision last night. It is what it is. Wasn't no cheating involved. I somebody called up here early and tried to say, stop the steal. It's not a sta it wasn't no steal. Okay. No. It just a free and fair election. And America spoke very loudly. Alright, well let's take the folks. You look at that map, it looked like a mayor. Period on, it's just red everywhere. Yeah. What'd you say it looked like? What? The period is on red everywhere. You leave women alone today. Leave us alone today. I, we got enough that we have to worry about what? Don't Speak. Let's just leave us. Let's open up the phone lines it. The Breakfast Club.


Good morning, The. Breakfast. Club, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Lauren, filling in for Jess. If you're just joining us, we are broadcasting live for the DMV. We were, last night, we were broadcasting from Howard University's campus and we're just taking your calls. You're waking up this morning. don don't know if you just, if you heard, I'm sure you've heard already that Donald Trump will be your next president. Yes, he will. So Let's open up the phone lines.


Just wanna talk to the people this morning. Hello. Who's this? What's Up y'all? It's your boy front page. Oh, What's up brother Trump page. Hey y'all. Hey man, y'all sound real depressed this morning, man. I just wanna get this out here. My thing, in my opinion on why you guys fell so hard is because everyone else can speak so well on her behalf, but she herself couldn't answer any questions legitimately, and y'all say policies and things of that nature, but we watched them send money over to Ukraine and all of that. None of the money coming to the people like you said, Charlemagne. And these were the messages and you kept telling her like, people are broke, people are hurting. You see these things and y'all got You know, like Tupac said, money for war, but can't feed the poor.


I Feed the poll. I said that to her verbatim. Like, Verbatim. And it's like she and she and she cannot answer questions. That's my thing. Why is Michelle talking for her? Kaist should say all of this stuff if this is how you guys feel. I I do wanna say my brother. I'm gonna give Kamala a lot of grace. I think Kamala ran a great campaign for a hundred day facts campaign. I think that You know the Democratic party as a whole historically has been letting people down. And sadly, she is the face of that right now. And she's getting a lot of the brunt of just the backlash to the, to the, to the, to the democratic party that people have been feeling for years. So, I don, I don't, don don't wanna put it all on her at all. No, not pull it all on her, but let's keep it real. I mean, just to answer questions.


I mean, come on, you're a president. You have to be like, Obama was the masterful speakers, right? Yeah. But, But we, Obama, that's black Jesus though. That's Michael Jordan. Like you, he's a one one. He's a one-on-one talent man. Like I don don't like when people compare people to Barack Obama, he just, that's like comparing people to Jordan. He's just a one-on-one, But not a comparison. But I'm just saying to, I get what you're saying though. Answer a question. What you saying? Answer the question. And did you guys say policy? Right? So she's sending like, like, I like the agenda. If you're gonna rob these corporations, will you put the money into the American people? I don't think the Democrats would've did that. No. Democrats always do that. I mean, honestly, since World War ii, the economy has always done better under democratic presidents.


And that's because that's what they're willing to do. They're willing to tap the You know the, these big corporations just enough to where we get relief in the middle class and the poor. Just enough. Thank You brother. Hello. Who's This? Good morning. This is dj. What's up dj? Talk to us this morning. Yeah. First of all, good morning to you. Envy Charlemagne. Good morning. Good morning, King. Morning. Morning. Morning. Good morning. I agree. Oh, Charlemagne You know. I think people are just fed up and tired with the economy. I went out And I, voted for Kamala yesterday, praying and hoping she wins. I have four daughters, 17, 16, 14, and nine. And I. Just worry about their future. You know man. But everything that's going on, if it was just me by myself, And, I, have any kids, whatever, cool.


I could thug it out, but I worry for my children's future. And I, like Charlemagne said, I think the country spoke yesterday and this is what they want. Absolutely. And everybody thinks You know things are gonna be better. So we'll see. Hopefully Not. Hey, you're Wrong, Man. Yeah, I wanna be wrong. I want to be wrong. Yeah. I wanna be wrong too. Let's, let's unite. I hope they unified. We we gotta come together now. But I will say this, I got four. I got four beautiful daughters at the house. Man. Boy, America threw a middle finger to women yesterday. Yes. Not, not even. Not even just on the fact that You know there was a woman You know, running vice president Kamala Harris. But just the fact that women right now have less rights in 2024 than they did when I was born in 1,978.


Like abortion was on so many ballots across the country yesterday. Women's reproductive rights, And, I mean when I say America just to a middle finger. I mean, it was an emphatic no, right? Like, no, like the way I feel about Lauren wigs is how they felt about women. How you Feel about it, how you feel about it. Tell me No Damn, No damn. All right. I give you that. What? Whoa. I just, I don don't think you understand the plight of, you could talk about the wigs all you want in real life this morning. I'm just, I was literally just sitting here thinking like, yo, we are, I can't say the word on air, but two, it's, it's a wrap. Think about it. Right? I'm not, I'm not hopeful, y'all, maybe it's different 'cause y'all are men. don don't, well, I Don, there's don.


Don't think there's any other way to go. Is but to be helpful, helpful. Like I can, like we have four more years of this so I can book a silk press appointment. Oh, and a natural hair Girls, I'm not worried about the wigs price of clothes gonna go up. I'll figure it out. But when it comes to the fact that like, I'm about to be fighting for people to believe that I should be able to make decisions myself, that I'm a person. Like, Yeah, don don't know if these numbers are true, but I'm looking like white women. 69% of white women voted for Trump. Like it, that's crazy. That can't be true. Why not? I mean, it probably is. 'cause I mean, well, it is true, but in 2020 I think it was 55%. But why would you vote against your interest in that way? Because Nevermind. That's that's what I'm, it's just, it's just mind blowing. Well, let's, let's take some more calls. We got a lot of people on the line. We'll take some more calls when we come back.


(800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it? It's topic times. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now if you're just joining us, we opening up the phone lines. Just wanna hear from you guys this morning. I mean, a lot went on yesterday. And, and let's just take some calls. Hello, who's this? This is long way from Orlando. Long way from Orlando.


Good morning, brother. Good morning. Good morning. How you Feeling This morning? Can this morning I woke up. You can't blame the white people. You can't be blame the Republicans. You just gotta blame the blacks, the Latinos, and the LGBT. And it's like, like Charlemagne says, it's all about the dollar in the pocket. It's, but at the same time, it's, you go to the gas station and you see $4 on the tank, but you are able to go in and go pay that $4 and leave goods. But right now, even if gas is at a dollar, a dollar 50, you go inside, they could tell you don don't feel like serving you. Get out of my store. You call the police, the police could tell you, okay, you're trespassing and you gotta leave and push your car down the street.


And you're still looking at that dollar 50 gas. Like people forgot the entitlement that comes with what's going on right now. No, you're absolutely right man. And, and You know working class people matter. What they are going through matters. Right. And when they feel like You know they can't pay they bills. Even they, even though they out here busting they ass, or they feel like You know they can't put gas in their car even though they out here busting they ass. There's going to be a backlash to that. And that's, it's Really simple. And that's the heart of the soul of the country. And like you said, like we said earlier, I mean, Donald Trump, he displayed that when he was talking. He said, You know I wanna put more money in people's hands. I want to make sure that the money that we're giving immigrants and the money that we're sending toward goes back in people's hands.


And, and a lot of people felt that. Hello, who's this? This is Coco. Hey Coco, good morning. Where you calling from? Good morning. I'm calling from Georgia. How you feeling this morning, Coco? I'm really not surprised. But You know, I just wanna remind people that we can't go back and change things. Nope. And as far as like Trump speaking to the economy, I mean, I feel like Kamala did that too. And it just didn't work. But I also feel like if Kamala would've answered more questions instead of hindering on that rhetoric of, oh, I have to say it 3 million times for people to understand, no, we heard you the first 50 times that you said it, but we're asking you specific questions and we want this answer.


And then also, You know Trump. God, it is just so hard with him because we know, like he's, he's a butthole. We know that. But either way, the country was gonna be, it was gonna be a mess because with Kamala You know we're at war. Oh, I support Israel, blah, blah, blah. Then Trump is like, no, we are fighting for other nations. Nations don't fight for us. And all this stuff like that. And the immigrants. And since I'm here, I just wanna let America, America's Still gonna support, America's still gonna support Israel. Man, don, don't. And Trump, if you think Trump not gonna support Israel, you crazy. I'm, I I I, he's gonna have to support it because of the people that actually Trump told control this country. Trump told if You know You know Trump, Trump told net and Yahoo to finish the job.


He said Biden has been holding him back. Those are his words. There's gonna be a Trump. Trump Casino In resort in, but also, but he's also like, well, why are you sending all these monies and weapons and stuff like that? But like I said, you have to know who actually controls the country to know You, know what's going on, what Trump can do, and what he actually can't do. Like You know. And then too, for the people that know about the immigrant that was in Louisiana that had the drug resistant tuberculosis and they had to file a restraining order against ice to not let the people go. That had been, that had been exposed to this. And You know, I'm like, okay, here we go all over again. And they're like, oh, well it's no reason to be alarmed, but tb, I'm a nurse.


TB can lay dormant in your body and come up later. So how long is it gonna take for them to get the statistics on this for them to raise the red flag? So You know it's a lot going on. Y'all better buy some crypto X, Y, and Z. 'cause it is more than just You know Israel and the Middle East and Russia and Ukraine. It's a lot of people at war and it's a lot of, a lot of countries gaining up against the United States. And, I, understand that we have our own struggles here. You know, like buying groceries, buying gas, You know things like that. But it's a lot of other stuff that's about to go on that people really need to have their eyes open and, and looking at what's going on around them. All right, well thank you. All right. We got a moral to this story, bro.


Yeah, I just looked this up for you. Raising a red flag. Waste trainers. They, the latex and the spandex and the nine line comes from overseas too, so you better get ready. That's going. You about be a fat No, you You know you be waste training. We saw you in that costume. Y'all want Me, me to be waste training? We saw we got, I just wanna let You know as a friend, I just wanted Let You know one more call on. Hello. Who's this Put waist training on your head? Couple yo You know the vibe just mellow. What did I walk into? Melo. What's up? And Charlemagne, he worried about me and Farrah over here let us live. Sorry, Farrah's my wig, by The way. What's up Melo? I have, I have a serious question. It's, it's for LL Cool Bay. Oh my God. Melo. We women are going through a lot This now I know how is picking white men now.


You see what it does? You see what pick a white man does for us? Wow. You see what happens? See, see Melo Melo You know what You know what they were saying. Don't blame no point fame. You the problem because black men in the distance from the black women, that might have really been the problem. Melo. I'm feeling like you're the issue. Who did you vote for? Lauren Voted for Trump though. I vote Voted for And I picked up all my I don't believe you. I don't believe you the way you would call this radio this morning and attack me a black woman after that. All I'm going through this morning is cute Lord. Don't s Travis Having issues with that mic and keeping It until See your mouth. I will shove it down your throat. Don't talk to me. Been up here struggling. His like he don't have a mic on them lips. You love Her. You love em. White boys.


I'm sitting over there looking like I told you a piece of white toast. You see this? All right. I've been, I've been letting her live. All right. There you go. See how she back the black men in the room. You see that? Mellow? It's fight or flight. You, y'all, y'all, y'all did it with Kamala. Don't do it with me. Leave her alone. Leave me alone. And Fara my mellow. Leave her alone. She's online right now ordering wigs, Timo and machine right now to make sure she get it before Trump getting office. Actually I was trying to get charlamagne some weight trainers before they go up. I was thinking about my good sis. Oh my. Thank you Melo. All right. When we come back, we got Jess with the mess. What we talking about? Yes, we do. We are actually gonna talk about Dr. Phil. 'cause Dr. Phil was explaining some things yesterday too, when it came to Kamala and this whole voting situation. He Flip flopping. We'll talk about it when we come back as The. Breakfast, Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Larry. It's Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the best with Lauren. LaRosa News is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lies. Don. She don't spare nobody Worldwide, Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk, talk To me. So Dr. Phil, remember he got on stage at the Trump rally and, and yes, You know just it came outta nowhere. A lot of us were surprised. So he sat down with Pierce Morgan and he was talking about his decision to do that.


Let's take a listen. When I spoke at the Trump rally, everybody would go, oh, there he is, he's gone. Political. But that was a act of rebellion on my part because I requested 25 plus times to speak to Kamala Harris never got so much as a yes, no. Maybe I offered to give the identical speech at a Harris rally. Said I will cross out Trump's name, write in Harris's name, and give the identical speech at a Harris rally The morning after we got contacted by somebody in the Harris camp in writing that said, is he serious? He'll give that speech at a Harris rally because if he will, we're interested in him coming to the DC rally.


She wrote back And I said, write back and say, absolutely. Tell me when and where to be. And I will bring a transcript of the speech and give it at a Harris rally. Crickets never heard another word. Once they found out I was serious. Now here's my whole thing. I just feel like Dr. Phil, as big And I know, we were saying celebrities don't matter, whatever, whatever. But as big as a name as Dr. Phil is, I feel like he should have been a lot more responsible with that decision. Just because somebody didn't wanna sit down and interview with you or you didn't hear back or whatever the case had, may may have been. It doesn't seem like his decision was really based off of politics. Nah, That was some sucker ish. Yeah. That's all ego. I'm I'm, I'm, I'm actually shocked as I could feel about that. I, I'm not, I'm not shocked that he did it.


I'm shocked that he would admit that. Yes. No, I was like, yo, the, the, the yes. Like I, the the ability of white men because how would you get on a platform and say they would kill anybody else? Like what do you mean? You Just, he said he reached out to her 25 times and she never replied. Her team didn't reply. And so he decided to go on, go, go to go to Trump's rally at Madison Square Garden and speak like that's just that. Yeah, that was whack. But then, but, but even, even still you so you, you, you raid, you ranted against DEI. Yes. Even though it was a black woman that put you in the position that you're, you're currently in, you ranted against d And. I. DEI just 'cause you was mad because a woman of color turned down an interview with you You know what That sound like. Dang, Dr. Phil, that privilege is all up in there.


That, that Dr. Phil's usually a common sense person. That ain't no common sense. Logic. Yeah. That It made me feel like don don't even know people because I thought, I thought I had a good sense of Dr. Phil all these years, but baby, I missed the mark. Yeah. That was Whack. Ego was the enemy. Well, that's it, y'all we got through the day. We did, man. No, we got listen, we got work to do. That's, and listen, I, by the way, if anybody out there, like I said earlier, when I was doing donkey today, I got friends that are Republicans. I got friends that are Democrats. I got friends that are independents. I got friends that are green party. Whoever you decided to vote for, you chose to vote for your interest. Just because your person didn't win, it means nothing. Right. But we do have a president of the United States of America and that person is supposed to be a president for all of us.


Brother called up here earlier and he was talking about the platinum plan that Donald Trump presented. Right. I don't think that platinum plan gonna ever see the light of day. But I think that what the brother said is what we all should be doing. We should be pushing our elected officials to do what it is we want them to do. That's right. I'm telling y'all right now though, that person y'all got in the White House is gonna be a hard enemy to fight. Yes. That is. That is a, that is the final boss of all final bosses. Okay. He Ain't playing with y'all. So, so, so he's gonna be much, much easier. I mean, much, much harder to move than the other side would be. But yo, we all got work to do. So let's just figure out how we can come together collectively as a community man and just You know, keep each other safe and You know, figure out how we can move this country forward.


'cause there still is this still, as of right now, still is the greatest country in The. World. It is. Alright, Take your faja off first, rest a little bit and we'll regroup tomorrow. All right. Alright. What Off Your faja? You don't act like you don't know what that is. Is That some Tim Machine? No, that's your, that's that waste trainer. All Jesus. All Righty. Alright, now when we come back, we got the people's choice mix. I wanted to start with Jeezy. My president's black, but I won't start with that one. And if you don't sit your stupid ass now, why would the hell would you play that at a time like this? I'm not gonna play. That's what I'm saying. I wanted to So would you go start with now? I wanna know. It ain't gonna be that And. I don't have No, I have nothing. I, I, I don't know. I'm just You Need to play. I am proud to be in American. Oh my goodness. And the gym sound. I'm free. Oh, right. That's what you need to start Off. I ain't got that in my Serato.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. I just wanna salute to everybody that we seen on Howard's campus yesterday we broadcasted with Angela Rye, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross last night. It was just, it was a huge family reunion. I mean, it's just, it was so many HBC, so many people just unifying last night. I hope we can continue that same energy from here on out. But it was just a, a great feeling. So salute to, to Howard and, and Howard's campus and all the love that they showed the president of Howard and, and everybody that we ran into yesterday.


Man, it was just a lot of love on that campus last night. We're All going to need each other You. know what I'm saying? Because You know we have to build a real sense of community right now because there is a lot of people who simply aren't gonna feel safe. Right. You know. In, in, in a Trump America. So that's why we all just need to have a, a level of optimism and You know. We just need to build real, real, real community with each other. 'cause trust me, all we got is us. That's right. And when I say us, I'm not even just talking about black. I'm just talking about You know an energy, a vibe. Like You know And. I don't want it to be a a us versus them mentality. I guess that's what I'm trying to say this morning on the radio. Like I don't want it to be a us versus them mentality because he is the president of the United States of America. Yes. And we should hope that he's gonna be a president You know for all people.


He has shown me nothing over the last damn near decade. This, the, the, the prove he's going to be that. But I'm Hoping for it. That's right. All right. When we come back, we got the positive notice to Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The, Breakfast, Club. Loan LaRosa. Filling in for just time to get up outta here, man. Head back to home. You got a positive note, Charlamagne? I do, man. And I. Just want everybody out there to remember this. Please. Sometimes when things are falling apart, they may actually be falling into place. Y'all have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done? Hey, it's me, Tyler.


Both open Earbuds are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out bs.com for more.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba. Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com VDW group. No purchase necessary, but we were prohibited by terms and conditions. 18 plus Chba.


Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast. That's free with every stay. Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts.


High Five Casino High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com. High Five. Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com.


Five. Five Casino


Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with Zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.