
This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even have the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break Now.


Listen to the show every single day. Breakfast The, Breakfast, Club that. So on The Breakfast Club, you can't say Bridge Club without the club. You're like this rare air. You got Platforms and partners all over the place because your demand is so high. People wanna be in business with The breakfast. Fuck. I don't think white people know how popular you guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious. Charlemagne de God. Yeah, you guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night talk show. Y'all know what y'all talking about. My good morning.


USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is on maternity leave. What up Lauren LaRosa. Good morning, y'all. Charlamagne God. Peace to the planet. It is Tuesday. Hey. Yes, it's Tuesday. What's happening y'all? How y'all feeling out there? Man, we Off to a great start this morning. Yes, we are. I feel blessed black and highly favored. Why we off to a great start? I know. I, I Know everything was working. Oh, you mean, Oh, that's 'cause red here. Red, red Is back. Ray don't leave. Ray Red was out here yesterday. Don't Leave us. That's all that is. Yeah. Red was out yesterday. Tonight's, tonight's gonna be a a a great night tonight. Had the debates tonight. Nine o'clock. Yep. And I mean it's going to be I'm excited.


Entertaining night. Yeah. I'm excited to see That. It's gonna be an entertaining night. I think it should end up being a, a great night for, for the, for the vice president. I don't see how she loses this debate against Donald Trump. Man. The last debate we had, like we were in a very different place. We are the last presidential debate. The last presidential debate. I told y'all exactly what was gonna happen. And I said that debate should not have happened. I said that Joe Biden was gonna get steamrolled. Well, you said Joe Biden was gonna get made to look frail and old. And that's exactly, that's did, that's exactly what happened. I think the night is gonna be the, the opposite. The same. Yes. But it's gonna be the other way. The Vice President making Donald Trump look old. 'cause he is. Yeah. And looking outta his mind because he is. I love the fact that my kids are so excited.


So my kids are You know. I have a, I have six kids, but my 10-year-old and my 9-year-old are like, dad tomorrow, can we watch the debate? I'm like, sure. We go watch it together as a family. Oh, that is so cute. We watched the last one and the last one. Oh man. The jokes for kids. My daughter was like, dad, what is he gonna turn his brain on talking about Biden? 'cause Biden couldn't get his words out together. Oh God. Do they ask you do, like, do they ask you to explain things all the time? Because that's a lot like for a nine and a 10-year-old all The time. But they talk about it in school now. They talk about it in class now. So they, they do ask to explain. I don't know if I want them talking about that in class. They do. Because I think it's too divisive. And I because in in the high schools, they weren't letting them talk about that, that in high school. 'cause it was too divisive. Really. Really? Yeah. Absolutely. What high school in 2024? Yeah, Because it's, it's too like, it's too, it's too divisive.


Especially between You know Democrats and Republicans and You know people picking sides. They don't, they don't go, you're right. I'm wrong. I'm wrong. You're right. They don't go in depth about that. They just talk about the debates and the policies, what the policies mean. The Civics in general. Yes, exactly. General Stuff. They're not gonna be like, Trump said this and Kamala Harris said that they're not gonna do that. Yeah. Politics and religion. Politics and religion used to be something everybody used to keep to themselves. Yes. Like, like what your politics were. Or You know what your religion was. Not in 2024 though. Not at all. No. I think social media changed that a lot. Where people go to the polls and they post who they po who they're voting for. It's been getting very weird. Social media has changed a lot. Yes. A lot of things that don't need to be changed. But the one thing that remains on social media is people don't never know what the hell they talking about.


And they will get on social media and they will argue and debate things that they don't know nothing about with extreme confidence. Oh yes. The threads be crazy All the time. All the time. Can, can't cite a source for, for, for nothing. Nothing. Hey, that's the time we live in right now. Yesterday was a great example of that, but I'm sure we'll discuss. Oh yeah. Later on in the show. Well, Tim's will be joining us this morning. Man. The great Tims her, her album's out. I haven't been out though. Born Born in the Wild. Yes. Yes. She was funny. She's from Nigeria. Yes. She's talking. I like talking To her. Y'all, y'all know the song Free Mind? Yes. I think that's the name of it. Free Mind. She did. You said, do y'all know the song? Yeah. He didn't know name. He must make sure he said the name of everybody Don't know the song.


I think people get, a lot of people know the song. He pull The song up. Right, right Fast. We, we love, we love to say everybody with things like You know what I saw? A lot of People don't know this. This song was everywhere when First. Absolutely. I think a lot of people know it, but You know. They may not know who the artist is that sings it. We say everybody and we say they. Who is they? People would love to say everybody. Like yesterday, everybody been asking me to talk on this little Wayne JayZ stuff. Shut up. Nobody ask you to say anything. Like, what are you talking about? She's also on a joint Wait for you with Drake and Future. So Yes, she has. She she's out here smashing. She's on tour right now. Selling out tour. You got her record Out. I can't believe y'all talking about Tim. Like she came out yesterday. I'm not talking about her like she came out yesterday. But though, to act like everybody knows somebody is ridiculous, Lauren, there's only a few people on this planet that everybody may know.


Look, That's just the truth to the Rap. Okay, well, I think she had a huge year when she first came out. People know who she's, y'all are giving it. I I'm sure they appreciate the introduction, but, And, and they might not know the name of the song. They might not, they might know the song but not know the name. Okay, well We got front page news when we come back, let's play Tim's record for people that don't know. Oh God. Envying this. For people that don't know. For people that don't know. Amen. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Get your ass up. Morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren Osa filling in for Jess. Let's Free Mind by Tim's Page news. Tims will be joining us next hour. You know what that song reminds me of. I can't pronounce her name. I just met her to go Gule Closer. Closer to my dreams. It you got that same energy.


Yeah. You don't know. Closer to my dreams. No, I don't know everybody, Everybody knows that, by the way. I don't that way, by the way. I would've to hear that one By the way. The way Singing the melody wrong By the way. Alright, well let's start with some quick sports. Last night out there, the 49 ERs beat. The Jets 32 19 in Monday night Football. Wipe they ass with the jets. Sure. Let do these stain all over the jets jersey, green, white, and brown. Jesus. All right. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Top of the Tuesday, isn't it? Jeez. What did I walk into? What the hell? Hell was that? What can I pick Harry Potter Top of the morning too, y'all. Hi mom, it's Tuesday. Alright y'all. So Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump. Yeah. They're prepping for their high stakes debate.


It happens tonight, tonight at 9:00 PM So the event has heightened importance with a new Sienna College, New York Times poll showing the race is very, very close. It's likely to be their only debate before election day in November, as we You know, have seen in the past that they can't seem to agree on a lot of stuff. But the 90 minute event will take place in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, a swing state that could determine who wins the presidency. So Barry University's professor of Political Science, Dr. Sean Foreman. He says, it's must see TV adding VP Harris needs to explain her stance on policies and former President Trump. He needs to show some restraint and some coth To this. Let's hear those comments from Professor Sean Foreman.


Part of it is the novelty of Kamala Harris. People still don't really know who she is, what she stands for, what she would do if she's elected president. I think what Kamala Harris needs to do is not engage in personal attacks with Donald Trump. She's been pretty good about that so far, and not responding to the things that he has said about her. He needs to not make any silly comments that will distract from what he's trying to accomplish. And that is to show the stark contrast between the Biden and Harris administration and what Trump would do. Yeah. Yeah. So, oh, go ahead. A BC is the host of course, and they will carry it from 9:00 PM Eastern.


All a bunch of networks will also carry it, including the Black Information Network. So we will carry it live at BIN news.com. Go ahead, sharp. I can't wait. You know Tonight is tonight. You know, I I And I don't see how the vice President loses like You know, like I've been saying, if it's just a straight up regular debate, Kamala washes him because all Trump is gonna do is lie. And he can't explain a policy to save his life. And if he has a meltdown, which I believe he will, he's gonna attempt to overtalk her and insult her. He won't show any restraint. He won't show any coof, And I believe he's gonna self-destruct right there on that stage. And there's nothing he can do to make his bass not ride with him. But it's the undecideds and the independence and those hypothetical swing voters that's gonna be watching. Like, whoa. But do you think, I can't rock with That, but do you think people will get a better understanding of Kamala Harris after this debate?


'cause that's what everybody's been saying. Yeah. They want a better understanding. But I, I feel like, I think it depends on how she, she's Been doing it so much the last couple of weeks of talking about her policies, where she stands, how she feels about everything from the LGBTQ plus to small businesses to border control. She's been talking about All that. I don't know if it's a better understanding as much as a lot of people just simply don't know her. And that's the reality of the situation. Well, They know after this debate. 'cause it's debate. Yes. Because the last debate 20 plus million people watched. Huge sage. Huge sage. So as long as she uses it correctly, and I'm pretty sure she will, especially after Will we watch with Biden? They've been prepping her. She's, she gonna, I think this is gonna be One. It was prepping Biden too. Well, So again, it's a different, Say Prep And Vice president is a way better debate than it's different.


Joe Biden, y'all must have never seen the VP debate, but You know I'm speaking. Okay. Yeah. You need to go back and watch the against Mike Pence. You need to go back and watch some of her old debates when she was running for Senator. Like it, she gets busy. So again, a B, C News 9:00 PM Eastern Debate. The debate will not have a live audience, live microphones and or wi written notes for the candidates. Now moving on Minnesota Governor Tim Walls, he's touting Vice President Kamala Harris' record in advocating for L-G-B-T-Q rights, as you just mentioned, envy. So while speaking, yay Whites campaign dinner in Washington DC walls called the Biden Harris administration, the most pro LGBTQ plus administration in American history.


Let's hear those comments from walls. She helped President Biden pass the landmark respect for marriage Jack requiring every state and territory to fully honor same sex and interracial marriage. And she helped stop the ignorant and byzantine practice of banning gay and bisexual men from donating blood from a prosecutor, district attorney, attorney general, US senator and vice president. Yes. By the way, she's more qualified than anybody that's ever run for this office. I mean, that's a simple debate, right? Republicans wanna strip away L-G-B-T-Q rights. Democrats wanna uphold L-G-B-T-Q rights. This, that's a simple, simple conversation. Well, we're gonna continue to talk about the issues that matter to people in the next hour.


Migrants, IVF nine 11 coming up. So we'll discuss more about it. Alright, well thank you Morgan. We'll see you next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent phone lines. A wide open is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, hopefully you better have the same energy We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? It was good. It's Steve from Queens. Steve from Queens. What's up? Get off your chest. What part of Queens? Far Rockaway. Okay. What's up? Get it off your chest, bro. Yeah, Man. Every score about this Jay-Z in the Super Bowl thing. Why everybody so mad?


Talk to us. Yeah, I don't understand. Like, everybody getting mad is not Lil Wayne. When the last time anybody wants to go to a big little Wayne You. know what I mean? Concert You. know what I mean? Concert sells Out. That's not Disrespect the legend. Lil Wayne, like that Lil Wayne concert sell Out. It's not, it's it's not at the standard of Kendrick right now. Kendrick's hot. It's fish cre right now. I'm I'm not, I I don't disagree with You with the, all I'm saying is we seen Lil Wayne perform and little Wayne's performance isn't like a Lama performance. Listen, I think it was a sound business decision to, even though I am a person who would've loved to see Lil Wayne, I would've love to see, I actually wanted to see Lil Wayne, Drake and friends. That's what I You know, that's what we've been saying the last time.


But how We know that little Wayne not gonna come out with Him. That ain't happening, ain't Happening. Know people keep seeing that happen. Like how do they even integrate that? Like what is the, what's the throw to Lil Wayne? Why, why first all, why, why would you, why would, why would Little Wayne come out with a guy who's been calling my number one artist and friend a pedophile? Yeah. He's not coming out. And you can't say the whole thing about hotness because when Rihanna did Super Bowl, she wasn't hot. She hasn't released a record in how long she ain. Rihanna, bro. Rihanna is a global icon. So is Lil Wayne. So is Lil Wayne brother. Thank You though. It's just, I don't, and, and we gotta stop disrespecting both Lil Wayne and Kendrick Lil Wayne. By the way, Lil Wayne has sold twice as many records as Kendrick. Do y'all know that Lil Wayne has sold 140 plus million records worldwide? That's just a fact.


Hello. Who's this? Josh from Georgia. Good morning, Josh from Georgia. Get it off your chest. I Wanna get off my chest. These, these, these out pocket barbers for the $30 for a little fade. Six 20 minutes. You Wasn't even funnier. You Know what You know what I was thinking that the other day. I was like, when did the prices jump up so crazy? Before Covid? It was like $25 and now all of a sudden it's, it's $50. Our lady here. 'cause it's Bob. I got myself some clippers. I caught own hair now. YouTube girl feet, my feet and everything. You probably look crazy. I don't have no problem paying my barber slu to my barber tie. Listen man, the the thing about barbers, you gotta go to a barber that provides you a good experience. You. know what I mean? The barber that's gonna go in there, put the high towel on you, put the steam on you. The barbers that go above and beyond You know SL to my guy Marcus in LA.


I ain't got no problem paying my barbers, man. They do, they do. Good demand. The past couple years they gone crazy with these prices. I don't even got it be. Yeah, the prices shot up crazy. I I Gotta, I wanna keep the show. I'm gonna give you guys a shout out. Good morning, And I. Hope you guys ready for the the day tonight. Can't wait. Make a murder great again and make the breakfast upgrade again. God bless you all. Have a Great day. Who you voting for If. you don't mind me asking Donald John Trump? Stop playing. Oh, okay. Have a good one, sir. Have a good, have a good one. God bless him. I thought his name was James. It's John Josh. Oh, You mean Donald Trump? No, I think he said Donald John Trump. I don't Say Donald J. Trump. I Don't know what the J stands for now that I think about it. I Think he did say John. Is it John? You look. Oh, it is John Donald. John Trump. Yes. He doesn't give me John.


He doesn't give me, It doesn't. No, it doesn't. It gives James James. Yeah. Get it off your chest. Jamal to me. What? Jamal little Jamal. Jamal is kind of Jamal. That's Jamal from Queens. Get it off your chest. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Morning The. Breakfast Club. Hey, whatcha doing man Calling. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, listen, I, I just wanted Good morning everybody. Good morning. Good morning. I just want to say two things.


Go ahead. If Kamala Harris get on stage tonight and laugh at any other, she say that don't be funny. She not getting my vote, bro. You don't find, and then the second thing, you don't find yourself funny sometimes because I'm Charle man. I do bro. But I laugh. Come on man. I laugh at all my jokes. Me too. I'm hilarious. I'm I'm knee slapping funny. Nah, nah man. I'm glad you said something, Lord, because I'm finna get on you on my second part. Go ahead. Come, come, go ahead. Come on. I don't got my lashes on you so I can take it. My second point is this. Don't you ever in your black life fix your mouth that say a white iron board backside woman is carrying the league on her back.


I agree with you. Don't You ever Do that. Don't you ever? As long as you black Lauren. That's crazy. I told you that yesterday because I Probably might fix my list to say that to You. Better not say That. You better not. You talk to her, Them jeans. Y'all have a blessed day And she at the super, she at the end up. She, you should Acknowledge, you should take a deep breath and acknowledge what that man said. Don't, Y cannot Act like as long as you black. I'm a Beyonce fan. Say That you on the shoulders of, of a White woman can not act like the NFL. That's why the NFL leaning in they know. Huh? The n NFL's leaning the NFL is leaning into Taylor Swift because they, she's a big ticket for The right now not leaning into Taylor Swift. Taylor Swift is leaning into the NFL Taylor Swift is the one coming to all the NFL games. The NL ain't showing up to her concerts. It doesn't matter if they haven't shown up to a concert. They are literally, you have, I don't even know all the names of the players, but the ones that are big.


Oh my Goodness. They're talking about Taylor the Swift, they're throwing cameras. Taylor Swift. You don't know they big because you don't even know who, who, who I, I know Patrick Mahomes is big. I know that he plays For the Kansas City chief, But he, but he's a big name and all. He talk and they ask him about Taylor Swift And have white and his, his wife supports Maga. All I'm saying is them jeans, them jeans is falling off her hips. But she's at them games in the NFL Care people care. No, we don't. Oh my Goodness. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what up DJ Envy. What's up Pittsburgh? What's up X Get it off your chest. What's up Lauren Lazo. What's up Charlamagne? Peace. Peace. Good morning. Hey, I just wanna get off my chest. This is my wife's birthday this Saturday. I'm excited. You know. She's, she's studying in Be Jehovah's Witness.


So they don't, they don't celebrate birthdays and stuff like that. Charlamagne You know, I grew up With Jehovah Witness. My mom is Jehovah Witness right now. Yep. My mom is too. So she don't, she said she don't want nothing. She don't wanna do nothing, but I'm gonna take her out. Sure. Good time. And if y'all need, I need a favor, bro. What you need? Can you play Joy Rap by Carey for her this morning? Play what? Joy. Rap by Morale Carey Joy Ride. I thought you said drill rap. I was like, damn. Mariah Carey got a song called Drill. Nah, nah, Nah. Not Mariah In the Bronx. How you s sing it a little bit? How it go, Bro? I can't. No, I'm not doing that. That's the only way I could get it. 'cause I don't know that song. So yeah, let us know. Joy Ride. I can't, I can't sing it just anywhere I carry it.


Well how does Joy Ride Go? Because now, now I'm curious about Joy Ride. Well, you got YouTube bro. That's why YouTube or TikTok first song You Know. We gonna look it up. You Ain't gonna sing a little bit for us. All Right. Hey, no bro. All right. Oh, I thought you about to sing. Nah, nah. No. Have a good one. Oh no. I'm not Singing bro. Hey, Good. What? Hey, You know what dog gonna tell you What's up my new book? Right? Get Honest or Die Lying. Why Small Talk sucks? The cover is based I-I-I-I-I-I. It was, it is an interpolation of the, my book of Bible stories that we used to read in the Kingdom Hall. Oh, okay. Okay. See, I I I was on hold for it, but they put me on hold too long so I had to hang up Man. Send my guy a copy. Hold on please. Eddie, get it off Your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got Just With the Mess with Lauren LaRosa coming Up. Yes, we do. We are gonna be sending a rest in peace to James Earl Jones and getting into the Super Bowl conversation again. Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa, your music is real. Just Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do that. She don't spare nobody worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren, Lauren la I'm back. And. I. Got the mess. Talk. Talk to me Man. So yesterday the Super Bowl argument continued online and there were some names that got involved, including Birdman, Nicki, Minaj, juvenile. I know Kim had also said some things. Fab came out and said some things as well too. Master PI seen Master P. Master P had actually spoke out the very first day and was saying like, yo, we need to include Kendrick. So Birdman yesterday tweeted that this is, well, this, I'm gonna, I'm not gonna paraphrase. He tweeted Hayton. Can I say the curse word?


What the curse word is? What? Start. What it start word start. S No. SH. No. Okay. He said that. He said that this is hate and for real he said I can say, yeah, I can say the N word on. Yeah, you can say N word. Okay, these Just say N Word. Okay. These N words is the female private part. And then he added Nicki. Minaj. Which Female private part. It's a lot of 'em nowadays. Come on now. Come on, come on. Don't confuse that. Don't confuse him. We know what you mean. Yo. And then he added Nicki, Minaj, Drake and Lil Wayne. He said YM, C and B. I'm gonna make these n words respect with the K us on Gladi. On Gladys, I'm sorry. I'm gonna make these N words Respect us on Gladys.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe. Setting smart light strips to sync your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm


is getting Gas at Exxon. Burning a hole in your wallet. Get the drop app with drop. You can earn free gift cards just by filling up your tank. Download drop now. Use code drop six six to instantly receive $5 in points.


And then he put the goat emoji and then he tweeted again and said SMFH. Y'all know what that stands for. So then Nicki Minaj Nicki went in yesterday. Yep. I got all her tweets here. So Nicki Minaj, she said, I love watching the whole industry play dumb time after time. The truth is that no matter who tells it, picking and choosing who y'all accept true from then bam pow. Might tell you a joke but won't tell you a lie. She said one n word took a knee, the other n word took the bag, he gonna get you n words. And she used the er, the hard er in line every F-ing time. She said, go enjoy the f-ing money before it's too late.


Someone said a a fan said, that's why I believe her every time when she speaks, she's yet to be proven wrong about anything she says. Then months later it's Nikki was right. So Nikki responded and said, yep, And I never care about the time that they figure it out. It's good for them. Y'all ready? Y'all know his next move is going to be, y'all know his next move is going to be to tell y'all a certain, someone in parentheses is being treated so unfairly so that y'all can go back into that trance. This is all over the place. Then she said she got everything in The World or this person has everything in The World. She's speaking about a person still spiteful and evil. Disgusting. Be happy. I beg. Go be effing happy n word in rap business in women business.


When you got the politicians and the police. You good though? Who's she talking about? Listen, I'm gonna keep going. I don't, I'm we not doing this one. So then she says, denying a young black man the right to put denying a young black man what he rightfully put into this game for no other reason, but your ego, your hatred for bourbon, Drake and Nick got you punished in Lil Wayne. Lil Wayne. All these exclamation points. The goat question mark, exclamation point. Nola, what's good Eminems the firm on having 50 cent come out. I don't know y'all, there's a lot more I'm, I'm shocked that so many people are running with the Jay-Z is hating on Lil Wayne narrative.


'cause Jay-Z has done nothing but show Wayne the utmost love. Jay-Z literally helped this man with his tax debt. I don't know what the actual number was, but You know the US A today said back in 2018, it was over 14 million in taxes. Jay helped him get outta debt. Jay helped him keep his house. So I don't think that sounds like hate to me on a person. Jay wanted to sign Lil Wayne. Remember that? Yep. Nicky, you got me feeling like I'm on hooked on phonics on here. One more. And then we gonna go to a conversation that you guys actually had in the room with Jay about him wanting to sign Lil Wayne. She said, and by the way, you don't know the half of what Lil Wayne has done for me and others. Wayne had Drake And I on his tour with no papers. He was on all of the mix tape with no paper signed. This man has literally changed the face of hip hop the hair too. If You know You know he inspires so many to tap their faces and get locks.


We all know that. Drop on the clues bond for Lil Wayne. A legend Inspired your face to wanna be a great mc and he never was in it for the money. He's always been for the love of music. Now a lot of people are saying, 'cause she never specifically says Jay-Z, but in that tweet, because of the locks and inspired the hair and You know Jay with the locks. Right now people are saying that she is You know one of many people who've been trying to call out Jay-Z, She's not talking about Jay-Z's. Hey, he's talking about all these the artistry. Yeah, the little everybody, all The artists. It's very, it's very obvious that she's talking about all the all of the industry because she said that And it's very obvious she's talking about Jay-Z. Yes. Yeah. So let's take a listen to when Jay-Z was here on The Breakfast Club talking about wanting to sign or about to sign Little Wayne. Now You mentioned Little Wayne. I know that you guys were this close to signing Wayne.


What happened with that deal? Because I mean they got to, I mean, Wayne was damn near saying he was Rockefeller and then it just went left. The truth is, I You know after I had the, I had a meeting with Wayne You know I had a relationship with Baby. So I felt it was only right to call him You know. I called him outta respect. Like, yo, I was talking to Wayne just letting You know. So after that, I think we received a, a letter at our office for like torturous interference. Whoa Lord And. I was like, whoa. Is it sports? They do that. It was like whoa. And it just all went from there. That don't sound like hate to me by the way. It don't sound like hate on either parties then that sound like business. Okay, you trying to sign my guy, he might still be signing to me. Here's these papers. Torturous interference, whatever that is.


That just don't sound like hate is all I'm saying. Now let's Take a listen to Cam yesterday on it is what it is giving his take on the Super Bowl situation in the pick. You don't have camera, We don't have the camera there. Let's Go over to juvie then. So everybody want me to speak on this Super Bowl situation? I'm mad about the situation just like y'all man. But my hatred is toward the NFL. Not really. The people that book the have times show. I'm mad at the people that hired the mother that booked the halftime show. I feel like y'all should step in y'all through 11 Super Bowls in New Orleans, man, y'all have yet to put a hip hop artist from New Orleans on the damn Super Bowl? Sure y'all have put artists on the Super Bowl back in the days y'all hurt or You know.


I feel like every time y'all come here, y'all should have somebody from our city on the, but this time it really stick. Hit hard when you don't have Lil Wayne on the show. I don't see how the fuck y'all don't have Lil Wayne doing a halftime show. So this goes to you, Roger Goodell, you coming in our city, sucking up our cultures and making up all this money and walk and leaving us dry. Listen, I would love to see Lil Wayne and friends, but I mean, you gotta ask yourself a real question. Who's better for business? Like this is the Apple Music halftime show, right? Apple is paying for this. If I'm making a business decision in 2024, And I, look at the monster year Kendrick just had, and I'm looking forward to February, 2025 maybe Kendrick got an album coming out. Who's gonna garner us the most? Eyeballs?


Who's gonna garner us the most? Screams, who's gonna garner us the most social engagement? If I'm just making a straight business decision? Just straight business on a corporate level is Kendrick. Well, not not only that. And and, and this is the thing I hate and people will say we on on on Jay-Z's nuts. But my problem is this. Why would people say That For years, when you look at the Super Bowl performances, right? We've seen Madonna, we've seen Bruno Mars, we've seen Katy Perry, we've seen Cole play, we've seen Lady Gaga, we've seen Justin Timberlake, we've seen Maroon Five, we've seen Then Roc Nation took over. Y'all wouldn't be getting none of these. Black Nation took over Roc Nation when Roc Nation took over. We've seen Jennifer Lopez, bad Bunny J Balvin. Then we seen the weekend, then we seen Eminem, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Kendrick and Mary j Blige in 50 cent.


Come on now. Then after that we seen Rihanna. Come on now. Then we seen Usher. Come On now. Now we we're talking about Kenrick Lamar, you talking Kendrick Lamar, Mr. Unapologetically, black Kendrick Lamar. And People are upset of the you what of the choice, What? I can't, I won't Rock Nation to walk away. So y'all get the Beach Boys for the halftime show. That's what y'all want. Beach Boys is crazy. Y'all want Pink Floyd or something like that? That's what y'all Want. I would, I would take Taylor to Swift over the beach Boys. And And and that's what, that's what y'all gonna get. Rock Nation walk away and And I. I'm not one of the people I would've loved to see Little don't, don't get it twisted. I would've loved to seen Lil Wayne. That's right. Juvie and Drake and Nick on that stage. But you can't be mad at, at Rock Nation for changing the halftime show, the Super Bowl. Like think about it like Years. They tinted the windows of the halftime show. They made it dark For years. I would turn, they made it dark, I would turn it off.


They Added the Vest. Like I like. No, no disrespect. I didn't wanna see all those, those Coldplay We got. Now we looking forward to it. No. Well in in wrapping this up, 'cause we got, we gotta wrap this up the cam in inmates audio from it is what it is. Cam talked about, he claimed that recently that they were uninvited to the Fanatics Fest that happened in New York and they said that it was because of Jay-Z. They basically saying that Jay-Z allegedly is pulling some strings to do things. And this is one of the things that he can do with choosing, not choosing Kendrick over Wayne. I love Cam and Macon. It is what it is. The fanatics show is full of athletes that y'all done talked about Cam and Mace that y'all, that y'all have given up, that y'all have told y'all honest opinions about. I'm sure it would be some of those athletes who would say, yo, we don't want Cam and Mace here before it was Jay-Z.


That's just what I would think. And You know who nobody's blaming, but they should Who? Drake. Okay, Drake and Kendrick engaged in a rap battle into the Victor goes to spoils if Drake wins this battle against Kendrick, there's no doubt in my mind that you probably getting Drake, Wayne and friends at this year's Super Bowl. But guess what? He didn't win. Oh, he lost. Which caused Kendrick to have the monster year that he had on top of the amazing career that Kendrick has already had. And boom, bro. Now you got Kendrick at the Super Bowl, bro, let's really think about it. Go argue that y'all did Dr. Dre. They don't discuss that Snoop, they end There. Break dancing. We gotta wrap that up. Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg did Super Bowl halftime. Yes. Like that is why like Oh, you mean about it. Like leave Jay-Z Locker because That happened about, think about where they from.


You ain't Told me like Snoop. That's why you listen man. Reality are we You know what? You just gotta let these niggas nig. All right. Okay. Y'all Acting like the ones on Twitter right now. Y'all won't Be quiet. You right. You gotta just let 'em dig. All Right. All right, well when we come back, we got front page news and the Tims will be joining us is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, Wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa is filling the in for Jess. Let's get some front page news now quickly. Some quick sports. Last night the 49 ERs beat the Jets 32 to 19. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So Haitian illegal immigrants are draining social services and generally causing chaos.


That's what Republican VP hopeful JD Vance said on social media. Meanwhile, local officials in Springfield, Ohio are dismissing rumors about Haitian migrants in the city that have been circulating on social media. Trump running mate, JD Vance and other high profile individuals have shared online posts referencing claims that people who are in the area illegally have been abducting and eating pets. Here's YouTuber, Anthony Harris. Yeah, I know, of course you gotta take it to the extreme, right? So here's YouTuber, Anthony Harris with his take at a recent city council meeting. These Haitians are running into trash cans. They're running into buildings, they're running into they flipping cars in the middle of the street because it's, it is getting a bro, I'm getting thousands of views on on these and it is going to get bigger and it's only gonna get worse.


And y'all sitting up there in these chairs, y'all all, y'all need to get out here and do something. Y'all making hundreds of thousand dollars, y'all need to put on a T-shirt and some Crocs and then y'all need to come out here in these streets and y'all need to go out here and I'm out here before the police is like, y'all need to do something bro. Y'all really gotta stand on minutes. Y'all getting paid all this money just to wear a suit and sit in a chair. I don't think, I think it's, I think it's crazy bro. So the City of Springfield spokesperson, Karen Graves says local leaders have gotten no credible reports or specific claims that pets are being harmed, injured, or abused. City leaders have requested federal funding to support social services for the thousands of legal, legal migrants who have moved into the community in recent years. But they have not re referenced any kind of criminal activity.


Of course, this comes as the violence and corruption has been on the rise in Haiti following the assassination of the former president, late President Jovan Moiz in 2021. Well, Question Morgan, who was that young man that just spoke like why is he a, why is he a credible? Of course He was just speaking at a recent city council meeting. He city council meeting. He's a YouTuber. Anthony Harris. What he says is that he goes out and he sees, and he's capturing a lot of what's happening. I had a difficult time finding his stuff, but yeah, that's, he's at the city council meeting letting his voice be heard. Got you, Got you. Yeah. So of course again, it is also being reported that armed gangs have gained about 80% control of the capitol in Haiti for the Prince.


So there has been an influx of migrants coming this way and Ohio seems to be Springfield. Ohio seems to be getting the brunt of that. And thus where those, thus those complaints, I'm not sure If, you guys have seen those reports, but no pets are being harmed. Just making that note. Moving on. So Donald Trump is heading to Southern Arizona this week after this debate following the presidential debate. He is going to speak in Tucson on Thursday, which includes remarks on housing. The speech will be given in the afternoon at the Tucson Music Hall. Meanwhile, former Republican presidential candidate, Nikki Haley, see, she says she disagrees with former President Trump's proposal to mandate in vitro fertilization treatments to be paid for by the government or private insurers.


Now she made the comments on CBS's face the nation. Haley said, although she disagreed with Trump on this particular issue, she still wants to see him get elected. Let's hear more from the former South Carolina governor Nikki Haley. I don't have to like him or agree with him a hundred percent of the time to know that life for Americans would be better under the policies where we have strong immigration, where we have law and order. I don't need to sit there and like someone to decide those policies are better. We want that option to be available to everyone. But the way you do it is you don't mandate coverage. Instead, you go and you make sure that coverage is accessible. So Hailey went on to say that Trump's policy platform as a whole would be better for Americans than Harris's proposals.


Haley also criticized vice presidential candidate JD Vance's recent comments criticizing women without children, saying that kind of messaging by the Republican ticket is not helpful. And that's why I believe Republicans really dropped the ball not making Nikki Haley the nominee that's your girl. Like do You know how nuts it would've been if Democrats ran Vice President Kamala Harris and Republicans ran Nikki Haley also Donald Trump dropped the ball by not making Nikki Haley his running mate. If he would've made Nikki his running mate, his campaign would have a a a a whole different feel to it right now. And that would be a tough ticket to beat because all those traditional conservatives who don't lean maga, which would would vote for that ticket, And I think she'd be able to get a lot of independents in a, in a lot of undecided because that that all male ticket right now that's just a screaming of misogyny and You know got people like JD Vance calling women childless cat ladies who, who, who shouldn't have a say in the future of this country 'cause they don't have no kids.


That ain't working. Let's Ticket tone deaf That ain't working. Speaking Of the future of this country, Congress is back to work following their summer recess and a possible government shutdown is looming. Current funding for the government runs out on September 30th. A potential shutdown would see federal agencies and national parks. Close public services would also be limited in millions of workers could be furloughed as the November election approaches. A stopgap bill will likely be needed to avoid a shutdown as Congress remains far from reaching an agreement on a full year funding bill. So yeah, we've got a lot of work to do this week. People. Alright, that's front page news. Presidential again, reminder presidential debate on tonight, a, B, C news at nine and If, you are out and about and you wanna listen to it.


Download that free iHeartRadio app. Listen live on the black Information network and BIN news.com. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and make sure you're following the Black Information Network at Black Information Network. Thank y'all. Thank you Morgan. All right, now when we come back, Tim's will be joining us. All right Now her album born in a while, is out right now. We gonna kick it with Tims when we come back. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Tham Welcome. Thank you. Hello. How you feeling? How Your tham?


Thank you for having me. I'm good, thank you. How is it the headline in your your own tour? It's a beautiful experience to be very honest. I'm learning so much, but I'm just getting more comfortable on stage. It's almost becoming like a muscle memory at this point and I'm just really glad I have my team with me. We're like a family and yeah, it's just been really, really good. You just getting comfortable on stage. I just thinking, you seem like you, you got so much stage presence. Like you seem like you just light up the whole building. I mean you, but I feel like it is being refined. Every show is better and better and better. So yeah, man. What Was it like for you on stage in the beginning of all of this? Oh my goodness.


My first show ever. My leg was shaking. Like I used to perform with my leg shaking. Like, What Was it, what was your first show ever? If you remember? Well, it wasn't my personal show, but my first like performance ever. I was in Lagos. I started in Lagos, Nigeria. I was there, I was mostly the first two years of my career. That was before you found a piece that you cannot buy. Oh, that's the legs, the legs shaking, inspired, the piece, The piece can find. I love that record by the way. How, how does it feel to create an an, an anthem? That to me is like a, a mindfulness anthem. Mm. You know If, you going through If you've ever dealt with anxiety, If you ever dealt with depression?


When you get those pockets of peace, I always think of that record when I get those pockets of peace. Mm. How does it feel to create something like that? Well, I remember the day I, I made that song and it just, it was really emotional for me. 'cause that was, that was my release. And just to see so many people connect to it. And dogs apparently. Dogs. Yeah, dogs. You know, like, I can't believe it. Like, it's incredible. Okay, explain the dogs thing to me. I'm lost. So it happened like maybe If you a while very, like a long time ago about, so If, you play the beginning, they Ooh, apparently that makes some dogs start howling. Oh, It was a thing on, on social media.


Yeah. I don't believe that. I was like, what? I didn't believe it either. Like literally it was cur. Did you try it yourself? Like try to make a dog? How with the song? Like did you play the song for a dog? Oh No. Tim's like, What? Yeah. Did you play the Song? No, I need to get dog. I don't have a dog. Sorry. I would say for international artists, You know a lot of artists want to break into the, the US market. Right. And international artists always talk about how difficult it was. How difficult was it for you to break in over here? I'm not even gonna lie, it wasn't, it was something that came from like a burst of just happened so fast before you knew it. Like, my songs are playing here.


I was like incredibly shocked. I can't tell you that. I know how that Happened. Did you try was one of those things like, I wanna Rep Home First and it just crossed over on a song? No, I was just doing me and it just like You know, of course Essence was a huge part of that. Yeah. I was just doing me, I didn't really have expectations for what was going to come out of that. I saw in the interview you were, you were talking about the beginning of everything and you said like you just woke up, like you dropped the song, you woke up the next day and people were like, were they knew your name and like they were calling your name and like, it happened fast, right? But when you see moments like John Legend coming out and performing with you and like when he harlow's popping up at the shows, like, do you ever have a moment on stage where you're like, oh wow.


Like, okay. Like what does that feel like? To be very honest, I have those moments when I see extreme age gaps in my show. My show the other day, I saw like a really old elderly man. He looked like he was 60 something. Okay. That's not old. I said it's y they're like something He had long, he had long gray white hair and he was singing my song word for word bba. And in that same concert there was a kid that was on her mom's shoulders. Shoulders. And that is what makes me feel like this is insane You know to be able to reach those extremes.


That's insane to me. I think it's the emotion in your music though. You know the fact that You know you're so emotional, you're so introspective. Like people connect with that. Like people feel what's real. Yeah. And and you don't seem like the type to front like You know. Yeah. You hear right now, like I don't give, I really, I don't. Yeah. But it's interesting. You know. Mm. You just living day by day. That's it. You're in the moment. Yeah. You have to, to be honest, like you only have one life. You need to make sure that you are happy. If not, you're just going to be miserable and famous. Well, how do You avoid being miserable and famous? Tim, like you personally, How I avoid that? I curate my environment. Ooh, I Love that. Love that. Yeah. I curate it like a playlist.


People that come around me, I, I have a certain energy that I like and so having the right people around me that are not afraid to tell me off or You know be


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can Take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent conditions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global Degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TVs, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


Tired of routine Walgreens trips. Get rewarded for shopping with drop. With drop. You can earn free gift cards on groceries, gas, and more. Download drop now and use code. Drop five five to get $5 in points. Join, drop today


Upset with me. Or tell me no You know or argue with me and You know And I. Always just try and like find little experiences everywhere I go. My mom's on tour with me too. I just try and make the most beautiful scene every single time. Like every single time. You like being famous? Yeah. Well, Because You know you could just prefer making music but not necessarily love the fame part of It. There's pros and cons for sure. I'm not, I'm not someone that I didn't, I didn't take it very well. When I first, when I first started getting known, I did not have a great reaction.


I was like slowly You know from, I used to record in my room and then slowly I started noticing people are talking about me all the time. I'm like, but these people don't even know me. You know. That's the first reaction. You're like, but you don't even know me. And you feel like, ah, but how can you, and then you go out. So you go to the store like a normal person looking homeless, normal Person Looking homeless. What's been like the wildest thing that you heard about yourself? Probably the pregnant thing. How did that, where did that come from? Future got you pregnant through the phone because you didn't, you didn't even meet him at the time. Right. Why would he Wanna get a homeless person pregnant? I don't know. I have no clue.


I don't know. I was just busy minded by business being hopeless. I think it's people seeing me in real life that spooked me a bit. Like, or being recognized. You mean being Recognized outside like in the airport or in the grocery store? Like is it you? I'm like, no, I, so in the beginning, I didn't know what I used to deny. I used to deny. But now obviously You know. Alright, we got more with Tim's when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Tim's.


Now, there was a rumor that you, in future were having a baby. Did you have to clear that rumor up with family members? Did your family members call you and be like, I heard this. You'd be like, come on now, mom, leave me alone. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I feel like people just take the, the most controversial thing you can think of. Because I was thinking like, why am I pregnant? For Why future? Why am I pregnant? Like Why future? Do you get what I mean? Like, why him? Why him? Because that's the, that's the craziest. Why not You know whiz? Why not Drake? You know Why not somebody else? So You wouldn't have mind it if it, if the rumor was with a Drake? No, it would be the same thing. But it's just like, it's like extreme. It's like I'm saying the reason why it's future is 'cause he's the, His reputation.


It is like the most crazy thing. But no, It's 'cause the future's reputation. Future got future got a lot of kids. He had right four or five kids. And then you've got a reputation of being with a lot of different women. Y'all did the song Together. You know talking to Drake. But Drake be, marry all of his women. Well, he did in the video. But yeah. So, so those are the calls you actually got. Why are you pregnant from Futu? Who is futa? What is I just got? No, don't. What accident is that? Huh? Tim's accent him to leave you alone Is the Wakanda. Wakanda Do people, He came from the the Land. Und und. That's it.


So I understand it's okay. But Do you get that a lot? Like people all of a sudden have an African accent when they talk to You? Oh, so many times I feel like my accent especially 'cause I, I'm not really, I can't impersonate accents, but when I'm talking, I'm usually talking Nigerian. So I feel like it inspires people to be like, Ooh, who are you doing? What's girl? Okay, let me try. So I, I understand Now Back to, so back to your family members calling you who called and was like, is this true? Did your mom call? No, it wasn't even calling. Okay. They would just send me prayers. What? Like, you will not be pregnant for no, no type of future. No future. Jesus Name. The Reverse of the Sierra Russell Wilson is crazy. That's the reverse prayer.


Like in Jesus name is crazy. For real. Did they, did they want you to be a musician? Or did they want you to be a doctor? Who, my family. What Parents? My mom. She is very supportive. My family. It's not like they wanted me to be like a doctor, but they just didn't expect me to be a musician, like a singer. Like when I said, oh yeah, I'm quitting my job, I'm going to sing now. Everybody was like, she's on drugs. She's smoking, she, she's sniffing, cooking. Like for real. Like on a serious thing. So it was just like, this girl is un serious. She, she just lazy. She just likes to, she's now sing.


She sings. Really? When have you ever sung in your life? Had never you used you sing before? Not a lot of people knew that I really sang like that. How old were you? Like when you really started to take it serious? When I knew I had something. It was when I was like in uni, when I was like 18. And then after uni I started like going to, trying out different people, looking for people to labels. I did get job. Because You was an economics major, right? Yeah. Which I've never, I don't even know where my degree is, to be honest. Hey. Damn. Me either, girl. I don't even, I haven't seen it since I graduated. You know School might be a scam after all, but I'm not gonna say that. It's not a scam. 'cause we need, we need the workforce. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa.


It's, it's not a scam. It's not a scam. Nigerians cannot call anybody scammers. Wow. Wow, wow. So Tims what I normally do is I sit things next to me. Wow. So if I have to throw something at, maybe I Should go. It's time for me to do. Oh my God. You Wanna talk by, feel free to throw any of this at him at any time. hr, understanding. It's okay. Okay. Don't worry. But how? But How Do strike one. It's okay. How now I know I'm ready. How Do you, how do you fertilize a dream? If you if nobody even knows that's your dream. Like this isn't important. Like you was 18, that's when you decided you wanted to pursue it as a singer. But you didn't tell nobody in your family before That.


It's not that type of You know Nigeria is not, it's not common. It wasn't. Now it is. But back then it wasn't common for you to be a musician. Like that's not a profession anybody's proud of. Wow. In Nigeria. Before You know, I did try to sing in front of my family at some point. Obviously my cousins, they love me. My my age mate, or like my aunties. Those guys You know. It's not something that in their mind is like a serious thing. I just didn't feel the need to talk about it. Especially when I know what I'm gonna get. You know. But that's what's so impressive about it. 'cause You know, usually you need those adults in your life to give you some encouragement.


So they were discouraging you, but you decided still, God put it on your heart to say, no, this is what you should be doing. The way I love music, the way I loved writing and making music producing, it was more than a hobby. Like, it was just something that I just genuinely enjoyed. I didn't expect ever to make anything from it. I was just like, yeah, I could do this all day. You know if I can get a job to sustain me and I'll just be doing this all day. Like, literally that was my mindset. So I'm used to, in my whole life, I was used to people not really caring. Yeah. And I was okay. I'm still okay with it. So what was that first break? That first, like, I'm, I can do this and I'm going to do this.


So I decided to release my first song, And I Real. I started like getting, that's how I met my manager, my, my two managers. Actually. I met them, Wale Wale and ua. I met them after I dropped my first song. You know Radio started taking, I was independent. It's still under, it is on that Tim Day Up. It's like, I started realizing, oh, God is making a way somehow. Wow. So I was like, yeah, I'm willing to go down this road. No matter the trials. I'm, I'm down. I'm here. But You had to invest in yourself too. 'cause you said you was recording in your room. Yeah. So you was buying studio equipment And, oh, no. You know that. Ooh. Free Mind.


The original Free Mind was recorded on my laptop. This is the laptop I sang. Ooh. I I sang it in my laptop. That's why they thought you was on drugs. You Heard that. Well, I, I understand. Actually. I'm not even like, I get it. I'm not even judging them. Is That why you're able to do so much? 'cause I you engineer too, right? Yes. Well, you were, I I At no point engineering yourself or now. But is that why you're so like hands on where it's like If, you can't figure out a sound or someone else can't, you'll just figure it out yourself? 'cause you started that way. Yeah. You know it's not a good thing. I always want to do everything myself. I'm like, It is good though, because You know how to do Everything. You know how you like your sound. Trust me. Because this album, I engineered myself.


I recorded myself. And I engineered myself. Born in the Wild, born in the Wild. I calmed all my vocals. I know. That's One girl, brother. Go girl. Wow. I, I started getting help towards the end. Like, after like I was literally about to die on the line. I now was like, okay, I actually need help. Like I, but I bet you went back and you checked everything. That person recorded. I didn't. No. You were burnt Out. I was burnt the hell out. So How'd you do the first project? It was less songs. I wasn't doing as much. I wasn't as big as I am now, bro. It's not good to do things by yourself. There's a time where you now have to get help. Let go.


Yeah. I was gonna say, do you feel like you have to one of the people that have to carry the torch, 'cause at one time Afrobeats was so big, right? Genre was so big. I mean, it was huge. See, it feels like it slowed down a little bit. Really? I think. I think so. After me. I feel like it's bigger than ever. No, I I think it slowed down. Especially in the States. I feel like it's slowed down. Do you feel like you have to carry that torch and make sure it continues on? Because I, I feel like it has been a little bit of a slow down. Or maybe you don't feel that way. Do you believe it's A slow down? I think it's more of a settling. Like We, like, I think it's just the shock value of it here isn't as much anymore. It's Like, for me it's like how Hispanic, there was like a boom And, I feel like it's still big, but it's settled in what it is.


I think that's the same with Afrobeats. There's always like when The World discovers a new sound and then it settle in what it is. All we got more with Tim's when we come back is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We're The. Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with Tim's. Lauren, When it comes to the Afrobeats in the reggae conversation, I know there's been like a back and forth about that from just different conversations about like, you talked about escapism when it comes to that. Can you explain a bit about, like, when you said that You know it is, it is escapism, like that's the purpose of Afrobeats. What does that mean? Hmm. Before I answer your question, I want to just say that this is the reason why sometimes artists don't answer questions in interviews because they take it, they carries over.


Because now I don't even know what I said in that interview. I don't Want to cut. I have the quote for you. You Want me? No, no. Don't read. No, I got you. Got you. Okay. Alright. Okay. Got you. Just repeat the question again. Sorry. So what, what is escapism when it comes to Afrobeats? Like what does that mean? Well, Afrobeats right now, every artist talks about their life and what means the most to them. So it can be introspective, it can be just about how You know what's going on in the country. It can be about You know how they're living their life. It just depends on the artist. But the structure of Afrobeats is for dancing.


It's, it's supposed to be groovy danceable music. Absolutely. Especially when Nigerians love that music. Because it's just like a, forget about everything that is you're worried about and just enjoy life. That's what Afrobeats is. I think people need to experience that too. You know. I love it. Yeah, me too. Yeah. If you are going and trying to sing. Oh, the government is You know If. you don't sing it in a groovy way. Nothing for you. And even If, you do, like Nigerians don't want to be reminded of their own hardship. You know. So they want things that are elevating. Like, I'm going to make it like, I'm going to be great.


I'm going to do great things 'cause I am great. I'm, I am gonna enjoy my life because this is life. You know things like that. That's the one thing I would say, like anytime I travel to, whether I DJ in Nigeria or South Africa, Johannesburg, wherever it may be, that's one thing I could say about the music is no matter how bad somebody's day is in the club that night, it feels good. It just feels good. Everybody's dancing. They're drinking and it's a good time. That's what made me even start loving Afrobeats way back, is because it's just a, a feel. Yeah. And when it came here, that feeling hit so hard. It was just like, this is good. Charlemagne thought at one time it was gonna replace hip hop, but it just felt so good. Oh Really? I just, I still Think it might in the long run, maybe. I mean, hip hop is, is such a huge, huge, huge culture Of course.


But I'm just talking about musically, globally around The. World. I feel like a lot of people are embracing Afrobeats because it does feel very good. And some of the, the stuff, some of the stuff that's coming from here is so low vibrational that You know I can't, I can turn Afrobeats on and everything's not Afrobeats. There's other names for it too. I can just turn it on at the house Yep. While my four daughters is running around and not think nothing of it and not know the artist. But it just feels good through that whole time. Absolutely. Yeah. I I always just say like, music, different genres are for different purposes. You know, I you listen to Afrobeats, but I'm sure you still listen to r and b Of course. Yeah. You know. I'm sure you're not gonna like be like, oh yeah, r and b's dead. No.


You know there's different moods different times. There's a time that you might feel like you want play reggae and feel that vibe. It's just for different, it's for different purposes. Did you see Bju Bonton on Drink Champs and he criticized Afrobeat. He said a shallow and unsubstantial music that lacks content aimed at Liberating Africa. Yeah. So that's exactly what I just said. Like, reggae is not afrobeats. Afrobeats is not r and b. It's not rock. You know Reggae is for a certain purpose. Afrobeats thinking about the origin, which is Nigeria.


It's for a certain purpose. It's for the Nigerian people. Now If, you like ni Afrobeats from the outside. You can join us in the enjoyment of it. But Afrobeats was tailored for Nigerian people originally. Mm. Do you understand it uplifts the Nigerian people. Do you understand? So if I'm looking for something in reggae, I cannot expect to find the same thing in Afrobeats. 'cause it's not tailored for the same people. I know you're into, you're, you're into rap. Like you got a lot different tea Unit on here is inspired by 50. Who are some of the other artists, like rap artists that like inspire you in like your sound? Oh, Lil Wayne, Kendrick, Drake. Abso Andre 3000.


It's a great list. Yeah. Can you like to, Lil Wayne is the most though. Oh, you, you've always been a big Lil Wayne fan. Oh yeah. Did you wanna rap at First? I was introduced to rap so early by my brother. So it was Lil Wayne. I heard first I heard Make It Rain the Remix. And it was his verse that stood out to me a lot. I'm making it rain anyway. I I know you got in trouble. I know your parents heard that. Oh, my mom, she didn't really, she didn't know what, she was just like, oh, they're just doing their, their children things. She did not know what was going on.


But after that, all of lil men's albums, I listened to it religiously. J Cole. J Cole, He's on the albums. The album, How can I forget Free Fall? Are you Like All The big but J Cole. I, I started listening to j Cole much later in my years. Oh, You know that they wanted to ask you about I saw it a long time ago. It wasn't that long ago. But you said that you wear baggy clothes in the studio. Oh, so that producers aren't distracted by your, by your body. I used to, yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I didn't know it was a thing. But You know. It's only when you do something in ignorance that you find out. So obviously I was my normal self And I realized people's reactions to me.


Especially when I was, I was like 17, 18 when I was like going around studios. So I started noticing like, oh, every time I come here people don't take me seriously. Okay. Oh, what is it? Why, why is this a thing? Like why, why you've seen many women before. Why is this such a huge deal? Right. Just another moment. And then I just realized, okay, if there's nothing, if they can't see anything, then they have nothing to talk about or think about. They can only focus on your talent. Yeah. But You know that also doesn't work as well these days. But then it did to, to be honest, it did. It really did.


How do you feel now when people, like when you do dress, like, 'cause you dressed in bag your clothes today, but like when you dress up and it's tighter or whatever and people react to your shape and stuff like that, does it bother you? Not at all. Not at all. I don't even, I don't even notice it to, unless they're telling me directly like, oh, your beautiful lu you look good. I'm not even, I don't notice it. Like, I just think people are happy to see me. Right. If they're happy to see me 'cause of my body, I don't know. I don't care. I'm just like, okay. Well we appreciate you for joining us. We do appreciate you. Hopefully you'll come back. You Yes, I will. If if he doesn't have any more shots to throw me, or maybe I'll go, I'll go and get my own shots.


Okay. What do you Mean we on the same wavelength? I'm right here with you. Okay. I'm gonna go to Nigeria. I'm gonna bring all cash. No credit card. Ladies and gentlemen. It is Tim's. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank You So much. Thank you. Let's get to Jess with the mess along the room. Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lie. Unbelievable. She don't spur nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. He's the coach with Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me.


Sending an rest in peace to James Earl Jones who passed away Monday at age 93. This was announced by one of his representatives that he passed away at his home in upstate New York. Surrounded by family, you guys, I mean James Earl Jones we was talking about earlier. Everybody be like, everybody knows that this is a voice. This is a face that every voice, everybody knows that voice. Everybody knows That is a fact yesterday know because, because of Darth Vader. That is a fact. I Think. I think different people know For different reasons. Dove and Mufasa. Yeah, I About say because it mufasa For me. There's not a dove. And Mufasa got him a hundred percent. Yes. Easily. Yes. And a Lot of people don't know that. He for a long time was the, this is CNN.


When you hear CNN and it's like, this is CI seen that yesterday. This is CA lot of people didn't know that. I saw people were reacting to that on Twitter. But yeah. So he passed away at age 93. Just legendary. He was You know one of few E got winners, which means you have a Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Na Tony. Yep. His career span. Because of that, his career spanned across television, stage, performances, film. But we do have some of his iconic clips. Let or sounds. Let's take a, let's take a listen to him in Star Wars as Dark Vader. I'm your father. I am your father. I've never watched a Star Wars movie in my life, but I know James Earl Jones. Same. Who went to Darda. Nah, same. That's different. That watch Star Wars.


I never watched Star Trek. I I watched Star Trek. I never watched Star Trek. I don't watch either. You don't. And then let's, let's listen to him in Mufa.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TVs, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm


Constantly making trips to Home Depot. Introducing, drop the app that rewards you for every shopping trip. Earn free gift cards for shopping. Download the drop app now and use code Drop three three to get $5 in points.


I'm a, I mean in Lion King as Mufasa A king's time. As ruler rises and falls like the sun. One day, Simba, the sun will set on my time here and will rise with you as the new king. This All that just feels like a hub those days of like the original Lion King is like when everything was so simple in my life. It don't matter what your race is, your ethnicity is your your, your sexual identity, your way you like to put your penis You know Mufasa. I one You know DDA You. know You know Mufasa in dta. What about my favorite one? Oh, coming to America, let's Say, ah. So you want to, so your royal notes, no, it's not that.


It's just you are right. Get out. See The World. Enjoy yourself. Fulfill every erotic desire and in 40 days you'll come back and marry your money. Don't that was your favorite. Go ahead. Do this. Coming To America is my favorite movie. Love Coming To America. Do your, do your So so the Royal Oats dance you just did. Nope. Do It again. That's not my favorite line from that movie. The Royal Oats. You so good. You really get to hear his voice when he says My son works. My son works. My son works. Yeah. So rest in peace to him. Like he's literally like all of our lives for long. Nine, three years old. A three. A beautiful, long, amazing life man. Yes. Drop on the foos bombs for James. So yesterday, remember I told you guys that we had been told by the director of the Miami Poli Miami-Dade Police Department that they were going to be releasing the body cam of Tyreek kill's arrest.


Yep. So they did it yesterday in a statement. They said, in our commitment to transparency and maintaining public trust, we are releasing a body-worn camera. They made it clear that normally they do this after the investigation is complete. When they do have to investigate into different arrests and things of that nature. Detaining 'cause he was detained, not arrested, but this, I can't Tell but this damn, But this time they did it prior to. So this is 105 minutes total. 33 seconds. We're not gonna listen to all of that. But they released this the day following the incident because they wanna reinforce that this department is committed to keeping the public informed. So let's take a listen to the Tyreek Hill body cam. Don't knock on my window like that. Don't knock. Why don't you have your seatbelt on? Don't knock on my window.


Why don't you have your seatbelt on? Don't knock on my window like that. Why you have it up? Tyre? Just get my ticket bro so I can go. I'm Finn. Be late gang. Do what you gotta do. Hey, keep your window down. Keep your window down. Tell me what, keep your window down. I'm gonna get you out of the car. As a matter of fact. Get outta the car. Get outta the car. Gimme up. We'll break that window. Get outta the car. We're not playing this game. Get out. Get out. Damn. What part of drama you understand? Hey dude, I drew, I'm getting arrested, drew. I'm getting out bro. God damn Twin. When we tell you to do something, you do it. I'm getting out. You understand? I'm getting up, bro. You understand? Over you. What we tell you? I'm getting out. You need confused. I'm getting out bro. Late bro.


Truly late. Come on bro. I just had surgery on my knee. I just had surgery on my knee bro. You I just had surgery. What? I just surgery in your ears when we go bro. Man, that was sickening. Yeah. There was a whole lot of ego. Yes. Egos being thrown in that video. So when I first saw this video, I was like, why the, why would he even roll his window down and be like, why y'all, why y'all knocking on my window like that? And then I was like, but I mean, they came up so aggressive. A human would respond and be like, yo, what's going on y'all? Right. That Was abuse power. No, it took them one minute. One minute from getting out of their car, pulling him over, pulling him over, getting out their car and getting, they're on a bike car.


It took, well, the bike, whatever, it took them one minute to do all of that. Yo. One Minute. But they, I, I feel like the way that they approached it is what made his response be the way that it was. And this, I don't know. I don't care What his Response was. He put the window, so he puts the, in this video, he puts the window back up. When he puts the window back up first, he like doesn't put it up fully and then he puts it up fully. But he puts his seatbelt on. So that aggravates the police even more. And they, that's when they open the car door and they throw him to the ground and he's on the phone with his agent basically telling him like, yo, drew, I'm getting locked up. And then you hear, I mean, and there's a, there's another angle of the body cam where his other players, so I don't, I'm gonna say the name wrong. One of the other players, there's like three people that pull up.


But one of the other players gets out and tries to walk up and the police are getting crazy on him. They yelling at him like, we'll arrest you. Let's take a listen. Hey man, they got req, the cops over here beating on him man, they over here beating on Tyreek. Listen back. Back. Just get in the car. You gotta come man. Hey, get in the car. You're parked at the bed of the street. Who's the driver? This is my car. Alright. I take, you gotta move right now. Lemme have your license. You're gonna take too. I'm coming. Lemme have your license. You lemme have your license. I'm leaving. I'm not playing. Have your license. I'm going your license right now. What's going on? Your license right now. You're not gonna gimme your license? How? Gimme your license. I'm leaving. Lemme have your license. Your license right Now. So, and mind you, these are just like at, at this point the police don't know.


They knew who Target was because they knew who he was said in the audio. One of the officers said they see all these other nice cars pulled up. So I'm, I'm assuming that You know who these people are, but like they're screaming at them. Like they're not just trying to make sure that he's safe while all this is happening. Correct. I think it's really sad that people, that the conversation can even be had of like, he should have did this. He should have not done this. Because it's like at the end of the day, they had no reason to. All he did was pull over. They had no reason to approach. Yeah. As aggravated and annoyed as they were. And this is the thing, people would would say he's uncooperative 'cause he didn't roll down the window. That's bs The way that those cops handle that situation shows abuse of power. Like, and everybody knows, my father's a retired police officer, so we talk about this all the time. The way that they handled that individual, like he wasn't a human being.


They talk to him like, like he was a peon. We gonna throw you on the floor, get out the effing call. He said, I had surgery on my knee and said, you gonna need surgery on your ears. Your ears. So it's like If, you talking to a person like that, how you think they gonna respond and then It was abuse power. Yeah. It's Crazy that y'all sound surprised. I'm not surprised. I just, I am surprised. I'm not surprised at all. You Don't block away from where you play and, and and the, the amount of stuff that you do for the city of Miami and how you help and you give back. And, I probably guarantee probably that stadium probably pays a lot of those officers to make sure when they, when it's game days to make sure that it, it's safe out there. So yeah. I am surprised when it comes to that. And they knew who he was. They said Tyreek Hill as soon as they pulled him over so they knew who he was. But throwing that man on the floor after he, they said Tyre kill soon.


They pulled him All they did. One of the officers said, that's Tyreek Hill. We got the audio of that. You got the audio Of that. Yeah. You can barely hear it, but it's, it's in the audio audio that we just listened to. You can hear it, but I i it is being reported that the one, the officer that was placed on administrative duties has lawyered up. He should have in this situation as well. It's just nasty Disrespectful. Right. He about to get let go. He, he was just nasty and disrespectful. And when you talk about abuse power, that was abuse of power. Yeah. And I mean Tyre Hill has, that has attorneys too. And, and they've You know it's been reported that they've had that they're having conversations about exploring any legal remains that are necessary. And, and let's be honest, if he didn't want to be detained, you wouldn't detained Tyreek Hill. You, you're not gonna detain him. He was not, not trying to be detained and not trying to be pulled out because if he did not want to, he could've flipped them over.


Could could Have flipped all five of them over. Knocked them all over. Spunt 'em all around. Well that If you wanted to, That would be dumb, right, because they all have guns. Of course. Well that goes to my point when you said, I don't care what he did. That's what I was trying to say about him putting the window up because I was scared when I saw him put the window up. He, I literally, my heart dropped because I'm like, He probably put the window up because he was outside and he didn't want people taking pictures of him being You know pulled over. That's probably why he pulled the window. Because he put the He actually said that. Yes. See? Yeah. I mean, but I'm just saying I was scared for him because police just react. They don't think like that. They just react and these police pulled over reacting. So just disgusting. So yeah. So we'll be following this as it develops and Yeah. Sad world we live in, but that's our reality, right? Y'all All right.


Well that was just with the mess with L LaRosa. Charlemagne, they look so calm over there. You gimme a donkey too. I'm always calm. No you are not. Donkey of the day is going to those Miami-Dade police officers who pulled over Tyreek Hill. They need to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with them even though their names have not been released. Of course not. I don't know why we're acting like we're surprised about any of this, but we'll Discuss it and then we'll open up the phone lines and discuss it. (800) 585-1051. What are your thoughts? What do you think when you seen that yesterday? Love to hear from some officers as well too. Call us up. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Every day. Wake up. Wake your ass up. The Breakfast Club on power 1 0 5 0.1. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go.


Is it a read? They gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve. The people need to Know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne it only one Charlamagne damn Charlamagne. Who you give Dusty today to now? Well, sexy Red Donkey today for Tuesday, September 10th goes to the Miami-Dade police officers who pulled over Miami Dolphin Tyreek Hill SL to Tyreek Hill on Sunday as he was approaching the Hard Rock stadium to play a game against the Jacksonville Jaguars. He got pulled over. Now, I don't know If, you have all seen the body cam footage, but the Miami-Dade police officers pulled Tyreek Hill out of his car and forced him to the pavement before putting him in handcuffs.


Now I'm gonna get to the news report, but I want to explain what you made. Hear the footage shows Tyreek is originally pulled over for speeding and it takes approximately one minute from when the officer leaves his motorcycle and starts walking towards Tyreek's car to when Tyreek is forcibly pulled out. One minute, 60 seconds. Okay, the officers arrived, they knocked on Tyreek's car window, Tyreek roll, rolleds the window down hands the officer, his driver's license and tells the officer over and over to not knock on my window. The footage also shows the officers asking Tyreek to keep his window down. And that's when the escalation escalated. Who's the source? What's the source? CNN. CNN. Let's go to CNN for the report. Please Don't knock on my window.


Don't knock on. Why don't you have your seatbelt on? Don't knock on my window. Why don't you have your seatbelt on? Knock on my window like that though. Like what? Don't knock on my window like that. Why you have it up? Don't knock on my window like that. Why you have it up? I have enough to let You know I'm here. Don't knock that way we can lower it and talk to you. Just get my ticket bro so I can go. I'm Finn. Be late, gang. Do what you gotta do. Hey, keep your window down. Keep your window down. Don't tell me what, keep your window down. I'm gonna get you out of the car. As a matter of fact. Get outta the car. Hold on. Hold, get outta the car. Gimme that. Break that fucking get a window. Get outta the car. I get out. Get outta the car right now. We're not playing this game. Get out. Get get out. Get out. Get out. What point of out Hey, hey Drew, I'm getting arrested dude, I'm getting out.


When we tell you to do something, you do it. I'm getting you understand? I'm getting out bro. You understand not what you want but what we tell you. See, hold on, hold on, hold on bro. I just had surgery on my knee. I just had surgery on my knee bro. I just had surgery. I can you in your ears when we go there. Chill bro. Chill. Now I know a lot of people watch that video. Hear that video and say to themselves, I'm calling Ice on every single one of those police, police officers. Okay? If ever a wall needed to be built, I'm sure they are here illegally because they're all police officers. But I just wanna make sure because If, you going to treat Tyreek Hill like that, then I need to make sure you don't need to be deported, okay? That's number one. Second thing, I'm sure some of you thought, why didn't Tyreek just comply?


Why didn't he just keep the window down? Why didn't he just tell the police who he was? I'm Tyreek Hill. We got a game to play today. I'm just trying to get to the stadium. You know, apologies and keep it moving. Police probably would've gave him an escort unless of course those officers were betting with the Jaguars. Unless of course those officers were betting on there. You know DraftKings and their fan dues that Tyreek was gonna have a horrible game. If that is the case, then they didn't wanna do anything but make sure Tyreek was having a bad day. But back to the Tyreek Hill complying thing, right? I I have heard people say he should have just complied. The reason I have trouble with that logic is because ego-driven power tripping. Humans are going to be ego-driven, power tripping. Humans, humans, regardless, nothing about this interaction was logical or had any reasoning to it.


One minute, 60 seconds from pulling him over, they forcibly removed him outta the car and had him on the ground. Folks say Tyreek should have just complied. Well what about officers should have had better conflict resolution skills? The officers reacted like that simply because Tyreek wouldn't keep his window down. You already have his license. Run his name, give him his ticket and let him go on about his business. The officers ask Hill to get out of his vehicle. Tyreek says, I'm gonna get out. Okay? As the officer is already opening his door and removing him, Tyreek says to the officer, I'm getting out. Okay? By that point another officer grabbed him by the back of the head and back of the neck and forced him to the pavement, put him in handcuffs. The situation went from zero to 60, but it was the police who pushed the gas, okay?


Not tyrek. And this is what I don't understand about people with big guns, fragile. Fragile egos and badges. Okay? One of the officers literally tells Tyre, when I tell you to do something, you do it as if Tyreek has zero rights. And what's sad when you're dealing with the police, especially when you're black, is You know the rule of law does not apply to you. Whatever constitutional law exists in regards to your interactions with the police, those are out the window. When we have interactions with the police, we just trying to survive. Tyre Hill told NBC news this. Do we got that clip? I'm just being a black man. That's it. I'm just being black in America, bro. That's all it is. We're dark too, brother. We're people of color too Don't play like I'm, I'm just being a black man in America, Bro.


That's not the clip I'm looking for. That's It. That's it. Lemme they write me My ticket. That wasn't the clip I was looking for the other one when you told talking to NBC news, we don't have that one. Oh well he basically told NBC news. If I wasn't Tyreek Hill, Lord knows I probably would've been shot or locked up. Tyreek. Let's just say these people knew who you were, okay? Look what they still did to you, okay? They don't care who you are. They would've treated any black person in that situation just like they treated you. It took them one minute, 60 seconds from pulling you over to have you on the ground in handcuffs, okay?


You being Tyreek Hill meant absolutely nothing. Now, one of the officers that's been put on administrative leave and the police chief promises full transparency. Chief, we saw the video, it doesn't get any more transparent. I know there's gonna be an investigation. The only thing that you can tell us is my theory about the officers betting on the Jacksonville Jaguars via DraftKings, A fan dos true. Other than that, this is just gaslighting because nothing is gonna change in regards to how cops treat us. And that's the sad part. They won't even release these officers names. So I can't even really give them the credit they deserve for being stupid. We are at the mercy of the police, okay? All I learned from this situation was what I already knew. Okay? It doesn't matter who you are, what you do, how much money you got, If, you are black.


You are subject to that type of violent, overly aggressive behavior from the police. Please let Remi ma give the officers in Miami-Dade County that did that to Tyreek Hill the biggest. He haw, He haw hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? All right, Not black. You OJ What I mean You know. You know what I'm trying to say? No we don't. He's rich so he shouldn't be treated like that. But it doesn't matter how much money you have, cops do not care. They hopped off that car, they hopped off that bike. OJ didn't think he Was black. That's what I'm saying. I was trying to say the line, but I said it wrong. We Don't know what you was trying to Say earlier. Whatever. Y'all know what I'm saying? It's sad that we even had, because imagine if he wasn't him. And that's why I said earlier my heart dropped when he put that window on.


But here's the thing. He said that right? He said if he said, if I wasn't Tyreek Hill, Lord knows I probably would've been shot, shot or locked up It. Well, alright, well you can play it now. It's okay. Hill Believes the incident could have ended differently if he were not a superstar athlete. Worst Case scenario would've been shot or either you, you would've been locked up. I believe that that situation went exactly how it would've went regardless, because they didn't care. It took them 60 seconds. 60 seconds for all of that to happen. That was ego. Okay? That was pride. That was abusive Power Seconds. They knew who he was and, and, and they wanted to show him who was the boss, quote unquote.


Right? Let's Talk about it. If they knew who he was and still treated him like that. They did. One of the officers said, that's Tyre Hill. Yeah, I don't think they ain't about to have a boss now they somebody about to be fired. I don't think they care. I don't know if they even, I don't even know if they gonna get fired. Yeah, They unions over there. Union release something down. He didn't comply. That's why we, we, we did that. Yeah, it is. All right, well let's open up the phone lines. Let's discuss (800) 585-1051. We'd love to hear from you and some officers out there, some officers on the job if you're working. And we'd love to hear how you feel about it. What's your thoughts, what you think. All right. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast. Club daddy calling my phone. It's topic time.


Call eight five eight five one oh five one to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess Now If, you just joining us. Charlamagne gave donkey the date of who? The police officers in Miami Dade County who pulled over. I know because I Tyre kill on Sunday. That's right. And they were just overly aggressive and violent for no reason whatsoever. Right. So we're asking, what are your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We have T on the line. T Good morning. Good morning. Now this says you're, you're a police officer, correct? Yes sir. And What, what? You ain't gotta change your voice. We ain't gonna say where you from.


What's your thoughts? What's your thoughts on what happened? Bro, It was happened. The bottom line is that he did not comply. Now that they should have known who he was from the get go. Because I think he was only a block from the stadium. Just let him go. But if he was not Tyreek Hill, if you're gonna get pulled over, like I tell you, tell my sons, if an officer tells you to roll the window down, you do it. You keep your hands in plain view. Tyreek roll the window back up. Now all cops don't have common sense, right? So he exploded, which was, but this could have been worse or even Tyree could have been shot because this guy gave him an order.


He did not comply. He could have panicked and shot Tyree. But people have to learn, especially black kids and black being and brown kids, if the cop tells you to do something wrong or right do it, your job is to make it home. You sound like my dad. And I. So that's my Dads. My dad's whole thing was you can't beat the police in the street, get home. And then we, we, we could You know. We could figure out Deal with. Yes sir. And the bottom line is I tell my boys, so everything was going fine. He let the window down, but when he let the window back up, that's basically saying F you to the cop. This guy didn't have any damn sense and did what he did, which was wrong. But the bottom line is like you said, envy, comply and make it home.


We'll deal with the bullshit later. But let me ask you question. We don't have no constitutional rights. You know when you black it's all about survival. Like you can't even think about no rule of Law. Yeah. 'cause I think he was very aggressive from the door. That wasn't an officer saying, Hey, gimme your license and registration. That officer was banging on the window. He was very aggressive from the door. He didn't seem like he was willing to even hear anything. And that's the problem. It's like I feel like a lot of times people don't treat people like humans. And I felt like just the way that he was talking to him. He was talking to Tyreek like he was less than. Yeah. And in the body cam down, it wasn't even a long period of time before Tyreek pulled over. So it's not like he was upset because he took him on a chase or anything like that was seconds. Which is still wrong. It was right. And You and you all are right. But understand this, they human beings doing his job.


This is a very dang job. I've had friends who have been shot because idiots rolled their window back up and shot a friend of mine through the window. I get it. So that's going through your head. But at the same time, understand stand when you're in the streets. 50% of these cops have no common sense. They've never dealt with black people, they've never dealt in minority situations. They don't have enough sense to say, Hey,


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road. And the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configurations. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com Or your favorite retailer to deck out Your dorm


is getting gas at Exxon. Burning a hole in your wallet. Get the drop app with drop. You can earn free gift cards just by filling up your tank. Download drop now. Use code. Drop six six to instantly receive $5 in points. Keep it moving. Have a great game.


They wanna take this power and abuse it. You right. And I tell you. So Understand That and I'll tell you something else. Thank you brother. In that moment, Tyreek Hill shouldn't think like he's Tyreek Hill. No Hill Should just think like I'm a regular black man who's just trying to survive and encounter with the police. That's what Tyreek's mentality is. Because only because the fact he was Tyreek Hill, I think made him say, I'm gonna roll my window up 'cause I can do that 'cause I'm Tyreek Hill. But it was, it was Aggressiveness. Just said, I said a bunch of nothing. That's exactly what I was trying to say. Didn You was, that's what was trying to say. I'm not black, I'm old J but everybody That's saying this is Tyre Hill, they should know who he is. None of that matters is my point to him. The attitude did. I would never put my window up on a cop and reach for a seatbelt.


Are you crazy? But that's why you should speak Lang real language and not try to speak in Twitter. Jay Langle alone. Leave Me alone. Leave me alone. Hello? I characters less. Hey, how you doing man? What's your name, brother? Hey, My name is Brian. I'm from Houston, Texas. Man, I called in a couple years ago about the PSA for safer traffic stops for drivers and police officers. Okay? And this is one another example of how my product would've made the situation a whole lot better. Oh, I Remember you. You're one that got the license that can hang out the window. Yep. Yes sir. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you why you're wrong in this situation. Tyreek already had handed the officer his license. I don't even remember seeing that. Yeah, he gave him his license. Gave him the License. So this product, the information would've been outside his vehicle before the police officer even approached the vehicle.


Yeah. But that's they, but they still wanted his window down because his window was So dark, dark tinted. Because when was tinted, they Want to see you. They wanna see your hands, they wanna see what you're doing in the car. And I feel like his energy of like, just get me my ticket. That's, that pissed them off. Like they were Upset. They were pissed off from the door. Yeah. They didn't seem like they were, they, they were nice. They seemed like they were very aggressive and upset. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hello? Hey, what's your name? Yeah, This is Jimmy two. What's up brother? What's your thoughts? Well, Alright, my thoughts is this. I want to spin the table back just for a sec. Athletes and politicians can't be held to a higher standard because they are who they are. I agree. Yep. I think let, let's, let's drop the fact that he's Tarek Hill. Let's drop the fact that he's in a sport car. Put him in a Honda Civic.


Let's drop the fact that he black, he was late going to a game that's like somebody late going to work. Hypothetically, if he'd hit somebody, then we'd speaking to Oh, he shouldn't have been speeding, right? Correct. Well, Tyreek, yo. Hello? His phone cut off. Yeah, His phone broke. Sir, I don't know where he was going with this, but it sounded like he was about to do a whole lot of victim le Yeah, Definitely seems like that. But we'll take your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And Tyre, he might've been, he might've been rushing to to, to get to the game. He might've been speeding. But the whole thing is you still treat people like human beings. That's All it really boil down To. I don't care. If, you pull somebody over for, for speeding. For running a red light or, or, or rolling through a stop sign. You still treat people with respect and when you don't, what, what do you Expect people to do?


And, and by the way, vice versa. It needs to be respect from the police officers. Correct. And when you black, you gotta have respect for the police too. Correct. It just is what it is. Correct. We can sit around and talk about what's legally right and what our constitutional rights are. Man, when we have interactions with the police, we just trying to survive. Yeah. And You know, like, like the officer said, the officer said early it, it is a thing. Right? 'cause I used to get pulled over all the time in New York City and, and usually because I had a nice call and they would always pull me over And. I always used to be Agre. I used to give the energy they gave me. I used to give it back all the time. You crazy. Because I never did anything wrong. I'm like that. I have my license, I have my insurance, I have my registration. Everything is good. Why are you pulling me over? Was dope People working with people man, they was pulling them over to talk.


That was an act. Act that was an over that was act like we hate each other. Act like we hate each other. Pass me the wire. Okay, Pass me the wire. They brought new batteries for the wire. Be here. Pop this in. That's what that was. All right. Sorry, I'm not OJ over there. All right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Did you see the Tyreek Hill video? What were your thoughts? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess If. you just joining us. Charlamagne gave donkey the date of who? The Miami-Dade police officers who pulled over Tyreek Hill on Sunday as he was approaching the Hard Rock stadium to play a game against the Jacksonville. Jack was, Now we're asking You know If. you seen the video? What are your thoughts? Hello? Who's this? Yo, good morning Breakfast Club. This is, this is Swag man. I just calling by the topic this morning. Talk to us. I just wanted to say, I think that's a case of two egos getting in the way. Man, after watching the video, after listening to the video, I just feel like those things have been expressed effectively with effective communication.


But in my, the way I look at it, that was just two egos just tripping. And that could have went really bad. So I think The World could take a a, a note from that and realize that sometimes we gotta put our ego to the side. Man, That is true. I mean, the reality of the situation is You know there is an ego on both sides. Right? Because I I don't think Tyreek Hill acts like that. If he's not Tyreek Hill You. know what I mean? A block away from his stadium. And the police were definitely ego tripping and definitely abusing. Oh, he woulda went to jail. If, if he wasn't a a football player, like he would've definitely went to jail, it would've been a lot worse. It would've definitely been a lot worse. Hello, who's this? This is Destiny calling from Destiny from Duo. What's your thoughts, mama?


She was, she was Tyreek done, went to jail. So they could have won on Saturday. Damn Sunday. No solo. Man, I agree with you. Some people was wrong. And I feel like even if he would've complied with them, they still would've had a reason. That's right. To treat him how they treat him. That man told him that they had knee surgery and they still proceeded to rush him on the ground and didn't try to resolve the issue. Yeah, they wanted problems with that man. That was another thing that was filed. Right. Because one of the officers knew who he was. Right. Said his name and that man said, yo, I just had knee surgery and they threw him on the floor and on aggressively came and of that Threatening Man because they bet on Jacksonville, they bet on Jacksonville, on Fanduels and DraftKings them police, we took, We took the l and that's okay.


But they were absolutely wrong and they need to be fired. Thank you mama. And then they, they, they said, get out the car. He said, all right, I'm getting out. They opened the door and pulled him Out. Yeah. And they told me he was, they was gonna bust that window. I'll tell you something, put that window up. I would've called ice on every single one of them police officers. Because if I was Tyre Hill, he still kidding. I wouldn't have thought they was police. I'm gonna be honest with you. I'm not saying that You know. They what? Saying they can't be police. But all of them, every single one of them, every single one of them ain. Well, maybe ain no black officer, ain't no white officer. No, no, no. I'm calling the police. He don't wanna see. I'm calling ice you calling, you calling the real Police. You don't wanna see minority police. 'cause ain't real. I Don't know. I'm just saying in that moment I would've thought I was, something is wrong. I'm like, whoa, whoa. What's going on here man, this A setup.


Somebody called like police. I just wanna, I'm sure they was getting robbed legally. I just want to make sure you Would've thought you was getting robbed was what you're trying to say. Yes. I just wanna make sure. And, and somebody on, on one of the chats said, You know it is crazy. You know, police are usually there. His name is Conrad Higgins. He says one job for a police officer is to deescalate situations. Right. Calm things down. And in that whole situation, there was no deescalation, no that Was straight. They set it off from The rip straight. I wanna box, I wanna fight people pull You out. But that's all like you, you barely, it's important to know the amount of time, like Charlemagne said, of when they actually pulled him out the car. Because 60 seconds, normally police are that upset when you, when you make cops run, they upset. He literally, he pulled over Priceless. 8 3 7 8 3 1 1 said they look like the cartel coming in there. Black bodies in this country just get treated differently.


Yeah. That's it. Even by people who are supposed to be brown. Like if those people didn't have on police uniforms, they didn't have uniforms on, they'd get treated just like they was trying to treat Tyreek Hill. Right. And, and would still get treated like that. Yeah, because I'm thinking about calling on ice on all of them right now. Just to make sure all of 'em, just to make sure that they're here legally. Just to make sure It's crazy. You know, I I I've seen officers treat people who have done crimes who they stopped for doing crimes way better than that. Like way better than that for somebody for speeding or aggressive driving or whatever he was pulled over for. Right. Which we still don't know what he was pulled over for. Right? No, they said speed. They say he wasn't wearing a seatbelt and he Couldn't see the seatbelt through the tent. So that was a lie. Reckless Danger.


When and in the beginning of the body cam you hear him say, mention something about speeding and then there was reports of like, it it is been all, there's nothing been the the, the department hasn't confirmed exactly, but they, there's been different things released. But it's a traffic violation. It's a, yeah, they gave him tickets. It's a moving traffic violation regardless of the fact. So it shouldn't have gotten to this point. All right. Well what's the moral of the story guys? FanDuel got 24 hours to respond. Jesus Christ. What We need to know what's going on. You Was drinking last night, you went out. Yes. Speeding and reckless driving. Not Before last night. Why did, what does, what do you mean? FanDuel has 24 hours to respond? Because we wanna know like, is it, is it the best? Like what's the reason for all of this? I hate Lord, This morning. What's The reason for all of this? What You doing? I'm over here reading court docs. What? You know Lauren, I'm chilling. What you, what's going on?


Alright, well we have Jessica mess with long LaRosa coming up. We wanna Talk. We do have no, I don't wanna talk to you. First of all, when I said the OJ thing, y'all thought I was crazy and now y'all like, oh No. He said, oh, I still think you're crazy. I'm not, I'm not talking to you. We gonna talk about Harvey Weinstein and Tyrese. Tyrese is also in some legal trouble. All right, we'll get to that Next. It's the breakfast level. Morning everybody. It's C EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne. God we are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren, Lars feeling in for Jess. And let's get to just with the mess with Laura. LaRosa, your news is real weather. Jess Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do lie. She don't spare. Nobody bro.


Why? Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren, Lauren la I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. RV Weinstein who has been sitting in jail for a while because as you guys know, he was accused of sexual misconduct with over 80 women, was rushed to the hospital. He's rushed to Bellevue Hospital in New York from Rikers. And this is days before he's supposed to be in court, supposed to be in court this Thursday. And according to his rep more recently, he is not doing great. So he is undergoing a major heart surgery. And as of right now, the court, the court case that he's supposed to show up to on Thursday is still set and he is still set to be there unless he isn't failing.


Well, well enough to make it there. Yeah. So I don't know. I was gonna say hopefully he may it through, but honestly like moving on. Tory Lanez. So Tory Lanez, it's a lot of prison in this, it's A lot of prison. Prison in this lot Of prison in this next one. Okay. A lot of prison tape. All right, so Tory Lanez, y'all know he put out the prison tapes? Yep. So he, he was releasing music from jail and basically the jail, the from prison, the prison confiscated all of his studio equipment. So after that, after all that music was released, the rapper, Troy Lance, his attorney tells TMZ and different other, other people.


So this was online. This was on Twitter first. It broke on a lot of like the academics pages and then TMZ picked it up as well too. But they were, they, they were told that his sale block was rated and everything was con confiscated and that he is currently, dang. I'm having word salad now because y'all done mix me up earlier. Word salad. Yes, it's when you mix up your words. Okay. I never heard word salad. Okay. Yes, we have. So he's in a California correctional institution and basically what they're saying is that he's been passing the days by, by making music and he dropped a couple songs. However, they're saying that they told Tory's team that inmates are strictly forbidden to have any recording devices for various reasons. Now the team, Tory's team is waiting to learn if Tory is gonna face any other consequences because of this, like any other charges or anything like that.


But right now it just, it looks like You know fans are gonna have to do with the songs that he was already able to put out because they're not giving him this equipment equipment back. Now my thing with this is like studio equipment is not just something you can put under your arm and walk through a metal detector with. So how was it even, how did it even get to him if they're saying that he is not allowed to have it? Well, what is studio equipment though? I mean, You know Tim say she recorded free minds on a laptop. But even, but even if they had a laptop, you can't put a, a laptop in your butt and more and and sneak it in whatever It is. You don't know how big that man butt is. You know first of all, first of all, you do not know how big that man's butt is. So you don't even know. Why would you, there's No butt that could fit a laptop. You don't know that You seen some laptop butts. I don't know. I'm just saying, I don't know.


I'm not gonna just assume this man can't fit a laptop in his butt To my, to my understanding. They know he was, they knew he was recording and then something changed recently and they said that Tory Lanes will be releasing a statement today about what changed and the reason why it was confiscated. And what kind of recording. How do we, you you saying it's a laptop. We don't know what kind of recording device We want. Wait, we don't, we don't know. All we know is at a studio Record device is Big. We all, the only thing we know is that it's studio. Y'all are like, You see how you did his hands? Do it again. First it was the, what was the dance you did earlier? Let me see. Oh my Goodness. Lord Google. It's still gotta be big. You gotta be the size of a a water bottle. You not putting that You know what?


Forget it. Size of a water bottle. That's actually pretty small for a studio. Okay. Okay. Tell what You can hide in where your places at. All right? No, No, no. Not my places. I'm little not My places. Nah, I just Googled recording devices for music that can fit in your butt. And there's some things on here that look like they can fit in your butt. I'm not gonna lie. The ALO compact audio recorder you Really put that could fit in your Butt. Ney 72 GB Digital voice activated recorder recorder. I Okay, now listen. Mini voice recorder. What about The mic? Where, where can you put the mic? Hey, I think this all the, This is all the same You know what? Forget it. I don't take me serious. Even If, you did fit all that stuff in anywhere you had to put it. You gonna hear him recording Lauren? What did that say? It says DJ Envy spotted at Toy Lanes correctional Facility with a computer in the butt.


What's wrong with No, they have a, they have something called butt kicker music product. Yo, A music rock. I'm not lying. Go to the butt kicker.com. Am I making it little? You better Not go to no butt kicker. Doesn't Your cachet on your computer take you to things that are similar to what you normally visit and search? Yes. You went to, you ended up on what what website? The butt Kicker. Butt kicker music products.com. Let's go to Ty. All. Yeah, so, oh, Okay. Damn, you just wanna switch butts Then? Exactly. You're a wild boy man. So yesterday, yesterday Tyrese was found in contempt of court. He's still going back and forth in court over his divorce and the child support stuff. Not over the divorce. It's more so the child support stuff now. So this is what, What, hold on just real quick.


I have Chad, GBTI said are they recording devices that can fit in your butt? Yes. There are small recording devices including manage microphones and cameras that are designed to be extremely compact. However, inserting such devices into the body, including a rectum, could pose serious health risk and is not recommended. So there are recording devices that can fit you Chad, GPT Numbers. You know what? I think 'cause You know, like I think that we should do some market studies. You get to that and then you let me know. No. Okay. Dang, we can't even do Tyrese do it. Yes, you can go ahead. Okay, so Tyree fa, county Superior Court. He was held in contempt of court yesterday because the judge is saying that he has not been paying child support. He was ordered to pay 10 KA month in child support and he has been paying something. He's been paying way less than that.


I think it's like $2,200. Yep. So there was a $73,000 balance that they're saying that he had and they wanted him to pay it then. And there he was not doing so, so he was arrested. Now when he was taken into custody, his attorney then filed an appeal then, and this is something that they did way back when, when he was ordered to pay like over a hundred, 600 some thousand dollars. So they filed an appeal. When you file that appeal, it doesn't get rid of the money that you owe, but it basically stays so it it's like delayed until y'all figure out what's gonna happen with the appeal. And his team is basically appealing this because they're saying number one, basically he shouldn't be responsible for a lot of the legal fees for his ex-wife. They're saying that the retroactive money that he had to pay child support is basically aggressive because he had been actively supporting his daughter during the divorce and while they were in court.


And they're also saying that, oh, that's it. I got it. Is he out? Yeah, he is out. He's so, So he had To pay because yesterday said he paid, did he have to pay? No, no, no, because they filed the appeal. He didn't have to pay yesterday. Okay. But that doesn't mean that he might not have to pay it. It just means while the appeal was there, the judge had like, they have to see if the appeal is gonna go forward. They have to hear it and then they'll decide either he's gonna pay less or they're gonna say no, you still gotta pay this. Well I'm just glad Tyrese has been rescued 'cause I need him out in time for my mental wealth expo on October 12th. Got marquee times Square. I hate you. It is the day of mental health education and healing is from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM You can go to mental health expo.com for more details. Tyrese will be there. Okay. He's been rescued.


Speaking of mental health and, and healing and rescue. Listen, That's right. You, You are a evil person. Why is that evil? Kevin, can we play it? He said yesterday it was a traumatic extreme. Wait, Wait, wait, wait. Ty, why is that he, you said what? I think he should Play a Tyrese record. I think he should play Ty Record's record. He did what? Record. Because I'm gonna tell y'all something about Tyrese. Y'all can look at Tyrese shenanigans and his antics and you forget sometimes how talented he is. Y'all need to listen to that beautiful paint album. That beautiful paint album is when he said that. The sixties inspired it. Yeah, it is really 1969. Oh. Oh, that's great. Thank you for the intro. What's the record you wanna hear Charlemagne? I think we should play Rescue. Rescue is a record that was made. Made. Well would you look At that he made for his new girlfriend? And. I. Think it's a phenomenal tune.


Could you imagine being Tyrese's Bunky? No. Do y'all see this caption? He posted. He posted a video saying he was gonna jail. Look at this caption. I can't imagine being his bunky Catch tion. Y'all Listen, let's play Tyres. We gotta Wrap up. Let's get into rescue. We gotta wrap up and we'll get to y'all, Y'all to The mix. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your Mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren and Rosa filling in for Jess. And we got a salute. Tims for joining us this morning. Born in the wild. Her album is out. Now I am a, a huge Tims fan. I like Tim's music a whole lot, man. She's very, very, very, very dope.


And I. Can't wait to check her out on tour. That's right. I wish I would've went to go see her in New York, but that'll be a good date. Weekend. Fly out to go see Tim's. I might go see her in Vegas. Well, I'm not go on a date, but I'm gonna go see Tim's. Huh? Speak up. Say it. What you she said, She said she's gonna go by herself. I said going doesn't have a date. What? Said not going on a date, but I'm gonna go see my girl Timms. You Not going on a date. I'm gonna go with my homegirls. If they can leave their boyfriends, You not going on a a date because Delaware girls always want to tighten they timms. What'd you say? She said she's gonna hope that one of her girls can leave her man for a little bit and go on a a lady's date with her. Oh, okay. I got like 1.5 of a single friend. Yeah. All of Lauren's friends that got men cut her or loose completely.


Okay. All right. It's, you gotta be around people who are who you equally yoked with You. know what I'm saying? Don't have your single, I'm about to yolk this Up. Like stop playing with me. You don't wanna be around you. That single energy You. know what I mean? See these is the conversation me and my homegirls be having though. And we be having these on a brown girl grind Instagram too. Because I do believe that you do gotta be careful about your situation and protect it. Okay? But single friends can hang out with Nons friends too. No, you just have to respect your friends' relationships. So if that was the Case, brown girl Grinding, you shouldn't have no friends. So all your friends will have somebody and you you Not all of them. I have some. I got like 1.5 of a single friend. Damn. Like she in it, but like not Ish. Oh, she in it. But you don't want her to be in it 'cause you still wanna hang out with her. No, it's like You know she's newly getting out back outside.


It's time to get a outta here. You got a positive note Shala Mike? I do. I want to tell people too, man. Make sure you go to mental wealth expo.com for more details on my fourth annual Mental Wealth expo, which is happening October 12th at the Marriott Marquee Times Square here in New York City. So many great psychiatrists and therapists will be there from Dr. Alfie Breland Noble. To Dr. Rita Walker. To Dr. Jay Barnett. To Dr. Bryant Tyree will be there in conversation with my man Jason Wilson. Just having a great conversation about You. know why it's okay for men to release via Tears. Debbie Brown is going to be there. Angela Rye is gonna be there. Jay Bar, I, I think I said Jay Barnett. My man Elliot.


Connie, just a whole host of You know great therapists, psychiatrists, spiritual leaders, You know, just mental wealth experts man. So go to mental wealth expo.com. The event is free, free, free, free, free, free from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott Marques Times Square. All ages are welcome. I'll see you there. Okay, now the positive note is this, it comes from my man John Wooden. I love this quote. Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all dust?


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content. Like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV's, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com I five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void work prohibited, play responsibly, terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High five Casino.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group VO or prohibited by law 18 plus terms of conditions apply.


Deciding on what to listen to is hard. Using zumo to stream music from iHeart nineties. Radio is easy or play iHeart country or hip hop beats your choice all for free stream Easy. With Zumo Play, get live and on-Demand Entertainment with no logins, no signups, no accounts, no hassle. This September. Have Movie Night with the Blockbuster Hit Godzilla and Resident Evil starring Mila Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez streaming free on Zuo play. Go to play.zuo.com now. Life is hard. Zuo is easy.