
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Welcome to The, World of B'S Ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day, you can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Bose Ultra open earbuds, own the gift game. And go to bose.com/iheart to shop the best deals.


Now You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlamagne the guy Beast. To the planet. It is Friday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? Yeah. Since Friday, the weekend is here. I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here for another day to serve our beautiful listeners, man. Absolutely. Jess, what's up? How you feeling? I'm good. I'm getting ready for the weekend, even though I'm not off. I'm working. I got a show in DC tonight, so that's not why I'm, that's why I'm not in studio. Okay. Why you got, you got a MAGA hat on? What's that? It says, hi roller man. Please don't Start nothing over here with me. Oh, Is this red? I just see it.


No. Yo. Yeah. Matching your nails. See High Ruler. Oh, That's what it says. Okay. Right. Just don't mess with me this morning. Playing. Now, if you don't know if you're in the D-M-C-D-M-C DC area, DMV Man, or the DMV area, you could pull up on just this week. And where you gonna be, Jess? I'm gonna be at the Warner Theater in Philadelphia. I mean Philadelphia. Yo, me and you all I know. Right At the DMC I'm gonna be at the Warner Theater in DC That's right. The door is open at six o'clock. The show starts at seven. DJ Quicksilver. We'll be opening the show with the vibes from six to seven, and me and Desi come take the stage at 7:00 PM So get your tickets@livenation.com. Hey, SL The Silva SLU to Jazzy. That's right. Yeah, that's right. Is that the show I came to last year With Quick Silva?


Yep. Okay. Now this morning, RO Timmy will be joining us. Ro Timmy. Of course. He has a new album called In My Heart and in my vein. So in my heart part is r and b and the in my veins part is Afrobeat. So of course he's Nigerian. So he did a little bit of both on the apple. That's sound like a cardiovascular test. Yeah. In my heart, in my veins, they put that dye in you to check your arteries. That's what it's about. No, it's not about that. But he said his heart is RB. But his veins, because he has Nigerian blood is his, is aro the afrobeats part? Oh yeah. All right, man. He'll be trying to be so deep for Nory. Let that man, let that man live. Speaking of he was deep. Yo, it was deep too.


Yo, I was about to cry and everything. Oh, Okay. Speaking of, you mentioned the cardiovascular. How long, how often do we have to do that test? Dr. Puma said, You know, I I, I don't have to go back for a couple of years. Yeah, but how long is a couple? Is that two? Is that three? Is that like couple is two You know. I mean, the way my anxiety set up, I went back that I'm asking, I went back this year just because you went back already? Yeah, I went back this year. You, you? He didn't want me to, but I went back this year. Was it a full year? Ah, don't remember. Yeah. What's wrong with you man? You just went, Hey man, when you be hearing all these stories about people having heart attacks and strokes and everything else, you just be wanting to check. You just be wanting to make sure this man get a colonoscopy, be every three months he get a cold. You messing people up.


This ain't, this ain't even the colonoscopy. I'm just saying you spreading misinformation. If you doing that, if you doing that test, you probably doing that test. Awful. Two, no, you spreading misinformation. This, this is the cardiovascular. This is about your heart You. know what I mean? Make sure you don't have no strokes, no heart attacks. So when you go back for the colonoscopy, How do you go from how we go from heart to Asthma? I'm just saying, you just go deal with all the tests every couple of months. Oscopy is five years, I believe. Oh, now you, if they don't have no polyps, you gotta go back sooner than me. 'cause they had you find, they found lumps in your butt. Oh my God. It's a lump in your butt. Yeah, It was mine lumps in my butt. They trying to pile up in my You had polyps in your butt. See, that's what You got. Something piled up in your head. Something piled up in butt. Piled up. That's right. It was a polyp that took can of it though. That's right. There was a pile up in his, but they polyp in his jam.


But you gotta go back sooner than I do. Oh my goodness. You know what? Forget it. All right. Front page news. When we come back, Morgan. That's what I get. We're trying to joke Morgan Wood. We come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve J nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news now. In Thursday night football, the Eagles beat the commanders. 26 to 18 now. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Yeah. Huh? That was a, that was my man. Got beat baby. Hey. Alright, I guess all good morning, envy. Charlemagne Jess, how y'all feeling? Happy Friday. Happy Friday Morgan. Alright, let's get into it. So Georgia's election interference cases.


Guess what? It's going to continue. Reelected. District attorney Fannie Willis said if you going You know she gonna do her thing. She said she has indicted, has indicated that she intends to push forward with the 2020 investigation that involves multiple suspects. That includes Donald Trump that his case, yeah, his case may have to wait four years though now that he is the President-elect. So we are not gonna see too much movement from Donald Trump in that particular inter election interference case out of Georgia. However, president-elect Trump is continuing to build his administration one appointment and nomination after the other. Now this comes as most recently, Trump is nominating three of his criminal defense attorneys to serve in the Department of Justice. Trump said in a statement, he will nominate Todd Blanche to serve as Deputy Attorney General Emal Bove as Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General.


And he will also select Dean John Sauer as Solicitor General. Now the three would serve under Matt Gates, who Trump previously announced as his nominee for Attorney General. Should Gates pass the Senate nomination or Senate confirmation rather. Now this comes as house speaker Mike Johnson says, Matt Gae submitted his resig, his resignation, effective immediately just hours after being nominated by President-elect Trump to be US Attorney General. Let's hear more from House Speaker Mike Johnson. He issued his resignation letter effective immediately of Congress. That caught us by surprise a little bit. And I asked him what what the reasoning was and he said, well, you can't have too many absences.


So under Florida State law, there's about an eight week period to select and fill an a vacant seat if we start The clock. Now, if you do the math, we may be able to fill that seat as early as January 3rd when we take the new oath of office for the new Congress. Matt would've done us a great service by making that decision as he did on on the fly. And so we're grateful for that. A special election would need to be held in Florida to fill gate seat in Congress. Of course, he represents the first district in Florida, which is located in and around Pensacola and the Panhandle. Now meanwhile, senators are reacting to President-elect Trump's nomination of Gates for Attorney General Connecticut. Democrat Chris Murphy says he's concerned about the pick while South Dakota Republican Senator Mike Rounds says The president has the right to pick who he wants, but Congress is still going to do and go through, do their due diligence and go through the necessary vetting process.


Let's hear more from Senators Murphy and Senator Rounds. This feels like a red alert moment for democracy. There were a lot of people, both my colleagues in the Senate and voters in this country who didn't believe Trump that he said that he was going to turn the Department of Justice into a arm of the White House. We always allow the President to have the benefit of the doubt, but we still have to do our role in terms of due diligence. Again, that's Connecticut, Democrat, Chris Murphy in South Dakota, Republican Senators Mike Rounds, fellow Floridian and fellow Republican. Marco Rubio, who is Trump's selection for Secretary of State.


He says he thinks Gates will do a good job if he's confirmed by the Senate. So of course this particular confirmation process for Attorney General may be rough. Senator John, corny of Texas says he wants to review the House Ethics Committee investigation of Matt Gaetz. Adding the judiciary committee should not have any restrictions during the confirmation process. What's your thoughts on that Charlamagne? 'cause yesterday you were talking about the, all of the things going on with Gates. Should I just list them? Should I go right into him? Go Ahead. Alright, so in case you missed it, if you missed it, gates has been accused of sex trafficking and having sex with a 17-year-old. He is not facing criminal charges in the matter, but he was being investigated and the Ethics investigation report was expected to be filed in a matter of days.


So we were supposed to be seeing this soon. However, when he stepped down on Wednesday, it ended their jurisdiction and blocked the release of the report. Now Gates has long denied ch si child sex allegations, but some senators say they still want to see the report. A federal investigation of course, ended again without criminal charges. So what do you think? I think nothing matters because nothing matters. Like, like you said, they knew all, they knew about that before they You know decided to nominate him for that position. So, I mean, it don't matter. He's, he's gonna still become Attorney General. You are Who we thought they were. You know. I do wanna go back to something you was talking about in regards to Fannie Willis. Right? You said she's still pursuing the case against Trump.


Yes. Why? I don't know if I was Fannie Willis would, I would, I wouldn't still be pursuing that case. When you have President Biden welcoming Trump back to the White House, taking pics with him smiling, offering assistance for him in the peaceful transition, which I'm all for by the way. My, my thing is, what's the point of Fannie sticking her neck out there to continue pursuing him? Why go through all of that? Because You know there's gonna be retaliation. That's right. You know you're putting your wellbeing in jeopardy by pursuing that case. And nobody's gonna have your back. Nobody's gonna have your back if nobody else is willing to do it. Why should she? Why should she isn't? J Jack Smith is talking about he, he's gonna drop his stuff. So it's like why man, protect your peace Fanny Willis. Right. No, for real. It's not about, it's not a matter about being scared, it's not about being smart at this point.


What's the point? Nobody gonna have your back. Nobody gonna have your back. And he's going, he's firing nobody. Nobody else is pursuing it. So why should hurt? Why should that sister or even TS James, like why should those two sisters You know continue to put themselves out there like that if nobody else is? Well that's your thought and you are definitely entitled to those Pinons some. Yeah. don don't know. Hmm. That's well hum. Put stick around for more front page news at seven. We will get into what's going on up top in New York and New Jersey. Congestion pricing. The topic continues. Alright, Well that is front page news. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again.


(800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chat. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? It's tar. How's going this morning? Tar. What's up? Get it off your chest brother. Alright. Good morning man to God, Peter Gang. How you doing brother? I'm good. How you doing? Working quite Yes. Congratulations. Thank you baby. And listen, I just wanna bring, been in the hospital for like eight days about prostitutes. I had a lot of up around my prosecutor. I hear y'all talking about colonies and all that a lot.


Yes sir. Bring some To these people about this prostate man. Because that's something I know. I wasn't, I wasn't ill. I went on one, came back with emergency surgery. I can't hear what you're saying but you said I, I heard that you say you was in the hospital for eight days 'cause you had an infection around your prostate. Right. And. I just wanna bring awareness to it. That's right man. Listen, You know we we, we make jokes and stuff because You know whenever you think about something in your butt it makes you giggle. But the reality of the situation is that's why we go get colonoscopies and all of that stuff because of prostate cancer. Yeah, absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You know Charlamagne. That ain't got nothing to do with you. But that got something to do with your main vein. What You mean vein For the cap? You know what your main vein is. Your penis? Yes.


They put a catheter in there. They got a thing bigger than the number 10 pencil. Oh. I Don know I don know about that now put me on now you need to school me. What you talking about? I thought the prostate What, what that got to do? What you talking about? Alright. The prostate pretty much what? Run your bladder that run your, your urine. So they put you to sleep. You wake up with a big old thing coming at you. Oh wee wee. And the pen outta the capsule. Damn. Now hold on. Now when when I got a prostate exam, the doctor put that glove on and put that finger in my But to make sure my prostate wasn't enlarged. No, I had infection already. Not knowing that I had it. Oh, got you, got you, got you. Okay, okay. Okay. All right. Okay. But how you doing now bro?


Yes. Huh? I said how you doing now? I'm doing fine. I'm up and moving. There wasn't no, but You know they kept me in the hospital so long to get infection out. Yes sir. But other than that, You know I'm up moving and walk. I'm moving walk regular. Well Thank God. All right brother. And this is why you gotta get prostate exams early and regular so you don't end up having an infection. That's right. You gotta go make sure you check. Get yourself checked out. Go to the doctor. Don't be too cool. Don't be scared. Go to the doctor. I ended up getting a prostate 'cause I went for a vasectomy and the vasectomy turned into a prostate exam. Now that confused me You. know what I mean? Because I thought that You know he liked what he saw. He just wanted to turn me around and get a little freaky freak You know what I do come, I mean I had to call a lot of people before I called a lot.


I had to, I had to call a lot of people like yo is this regular man. I just came here for a vasectomy for a consultation. Man. I came for a briefing test. He telling me to turn around You. know what I mean? Hello? Who's this? Yo, what up Breakfast Club? It's Nando Nando. What up? Get it off your chest. Good morning, Yo man. I just wanted to shout out my merch on Instagram. If I could. It's underdog fitted on Instagram. If I could I make original underdog? Could it have, I just wanted to shout some Snapbacks by the downright. Okay. It actually merged from my book that I'm writing. And I was trying to get some help from Charlamagne. If you could help me You know finish this book. I'm trying to write and publish it and everything. Yeah. Send me the manuscript man. If you got a manuscript all or like, like a one sheet of, of, of what the book is about. Well we put you on hold so you get all the email info. Okay.


Alright. I got you. Alright brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got An indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now here. Tell you what it is. We live. Hello. Who's this? Good morning calling live from Rikers Island. Hey, good morning from Rikers Island. Get it off your chest. First of all, I wanna give a shout out to everybody who work on Rikers Island is a very tough job to be in law enforcement in Rikers Island.


You a co and give respect, give the inmates respect. I'm everything. 'cause I I'm anonymously speaking don. Don't wanna be retaliated on. But I'm not an inmate. I'm currently a, a staffer at DOC And I. Wanna give a shout out to everybody who does the job productively without bringing in contraband or any un unauthorized items and still giving the inmates what they're supposed to have with respect. I do wanna recognize the people that out to New York, Rikers Island. Thank You. I hope you treating them inmates with respect or not all of them. No, they treat, They treat, they treat staffers with respect. Who give respect. But it, like I said, it's a skill to work on Rikers out. It's definitely a skill, I'm sure. Gotcha. Thank you mama. Hello. Who's this? It's Duke from Carolina.


Duke from Carolina. Get it off your chest. What part, what? Carolina? North or South? South Carolina. Okay. What part? North, South Carolina. Orangeburg County. Oh, Oberg. Salute to Orangeburg. Man, I'm gonna be announcing something in Orangeburg real soon, man. I'm doing something. Well, not, I mean my, yeah, we about to open up the crystals in Orangeburg in a, in a, in a in a minute man. I'm gonna be down there. Okay? Word. Word, word. I'm gonna have to pull up on you. Yes sir. That's hilarious. I got a bone to pig with you. Oh Lord. What's that? Why is you sleeping with your best friend's husband? Oh my God. I'm disappointed in you. He must be talking about the movie. He must talking About the movie. I'm disappointed in you Jeff. I know. Where was Chris? When, when, when this was happening? Don't tell us the plot of the movie, man. We ain't get to watch it yet.


What's the name of the movie on Peacock? Jess? I hate I love you. We streaming now on Peacock. Look here. My my, my old lady. Me the best friend. I think you will be a perfect candidate For her. Oh, you better get off this phone. Is It good? The movie good. It's decent. I I I like it. I watched it all the way through. I'm gonna watch it. I'm gonna watch it tonight. I'm gonna watch, I'm watching Jake Paul and Mike Tyson tonight and then I'm watching. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just on Peacock. I think I hate you. No, I hate I Love you. I hate I love you. I hate I love you. Thank you dude. Thank Thank you sir. Get It off your chest. 805 85 1 0 5. One way. Looking at me like, man, stop being old.


I hate, I love you. I Hate, I hate You like shy. I hate you. I love you. I hate you so much right now. Oh my goodness. Excuse me. Now we got just the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes. It went down with Offset in, in, in Paris. He had a Royal Rumble. We'll get into that next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Okay. Harmonizing. Hey, that man is not harmonizing. Don't do that. Let's get to Jess with the mess You Need. His real Hilarious Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. Don't Do she don't nobody worldwide.


Jess Worldwide Method on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it off. Alright, so Offset gets into a brawl in Paris and the footage of Offset hit social media yesterday. So the fight reportedly started because of a failed rap project with French rapper. Gazo apparently Offset and Gazo was supposed to do a video shoot together, but Offset didn't. He didn't do everything he was supposed to do. So because of that Gaza's team allegedly asked Offset to reimburse them, but Offset reportedly refused to give them back their money. So that's when everything broke out. All hell broke loose and hears some of the audio from the video Offset me too well dressed to Squabble man.


I know like Yo, he definitely got on one of them. Them fashion show outfits and All big boots for somebody who gets in Kerfuffles as much as Offset. He needs to wear sweats and Tims all the time. Yo. Right. He never look ready for a fight, yo. Well they say my sources my so what? My sources had to say, man, shut up. My sources said Go ahead. Cut my story off this. I'm let You know what your sauce No, no, you go ahead and let me know and I'm gonna let You know if my sources match. You tell 'em. Go ahead. I know you got the sources out in uk but my sources out in UK said they tried to grab Offset's bag that had the money in it and when they went to grab the bag, that's when they started fighting. But they said he's safely back in the US He didn't get arrested. Oh, okay. Okay. What that gotta Do? And you can hear him And.


I thought they was in Germany? No, no, no. They in Paris. Oh. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No they in Paris. Yep. You can hear Offset telling the security the whole time like yo let him go or whatever. But I think the security did the right thing. Yes. He didn't let Offset get touched at all. All. Although Offset got a kick and he kicked somebody in head. Hey, I ain't gonna lie. That was a funny boy. That big ass security guard offset couldn't do nothing. He was trying To, he was so mad You telling somebody let me go. 'cause that's the only way you getting out. He got that kick in though. That was a big kick. That was a big kick. That was A big kick he got. Yeah, them boots wasn't for nothing. He definitely struck somebody in the head With that. But you can't really fight offset team. You can't really fight in a form fitting design fit like Offset needs to dress more like me.


I'm always ready to fight to cut grass. More like cut grass. Yeah, he definitely need to dress like You know Not with them slippers you be wearing. Somebody better knock your ass out in them slippers. Man. I only do that in ahead though. In the studio. Oh, okay. Okay. All right. That's cool. That's Cool. Move it on. Mike Tyson slapped Jake Paul. So last night there was an official weigh in before tonight between Mike Tyson and Jake Paul. The clip of You just look like a ain't lie, it looked like you killing it, but we can't hear you look like you killing it. Quiet. Your hand moving, hand moving. Y'all can't hear what I'm saying. You going in and out. Your lips moving. Why you can't hear me?


What happened? I what? Y'all can't hear me now? We Hear you Don. Don't understand what I'm doing. Can y'all hear me now? Yeah. Why wouldn't black people, you can't hear somebody. He start moving the camera. We said we can't hear. We can see you like we can see. We just can't hear you. Okay. You good? You good? I don know. Alright, so y'all can hear me now? Yes. Alright, Perfect. Perfect, perfect. So the, the clip did go viral of the slab, but what the clip is not shown is that right before the slap Jake Paul walked up to like, he crawled up to him on his knuckles like a monkey. And then he stepped on Tyson's foot. Mm. And after the stand down and the slab, they were both interviewed. But here's what they had to say. The World is excited to see you one last time. Perhaps can you just tell us the emotions, the thoughts that are going through your mind right now?


Talking over. Alright, that's it. That's it for Mike Tyson. Jake, he says the talk is over. You just felt his power. What did that feel like? And why did he do that to you? I didn't even feel it. He's angry. He's a angry little elf. Mike Tyson. I thought that was a cute slap buddy. But tomorrow you're getting knocked the out. Mike almost 60. He got coins. Man, don't step out on my feet. Yeah. Hell feet hurt. Don't step on My feet. Yeah, he slapped him. Like he jumped like, damn yo. Like his foot almost gave out on a Little. Yep. And then he as a clip circulating the 50 cent just posted something where Mike Tyson talks about his foot play that audio for me At the worst feet in The.


World. Right. And if somebody stepped on my feet, I would totally tap out. I would just give up. That's why I be wearing slippers. Mm. After the weigh in. What? So I can step on your foot? No, because I old. When you old, when you get to a certain age, man, your feet are very, very tender. I don't even like wearing shoes to be honest with you, bro. That's a damn lie. You be wearing them same flip flops for 15 years, man. Like for 15 years. Not just say that you said you getting older, you ain't got nothing to do with. Oh, you just got bad feet. Didn't I just sound like wearing slippers? I've been old for 15 years. Yeah, I'm 46. You ain't been old for 15. Yeah. Look after the way. And Jake Paul put up a tweet and he was excited about getting slapped. He said, this is a pinch me moment. I got slapped by Mike Tyson and then Mike Tyson also crushed the little girl dreams.


All right, so this is baby girl. Her name is Jazzy, she's 13. She does these interviews with these celebrities all the time. I'm actually proud of a, I got interviewed by her one time and this is what she asked him and this is what he said. So after such a successful career, what type of legacy would you like to leave behind when it's all said and done? Well, don don't know. I don't believe in the word legacy. I just think that's another word for ego. Legacy doesn't mean nothing. Someone said that word and everyone grabbed on the words and now it's used every five seconds. It means absolutely nothing to me. I'm just passing through. I'm gonna die and it's gonna be over. Who cares about legacy after that? What? What a big ego. So I'm gonna die. I want people to think that I'm this. I'm great. I'm no, we're nothing.


We we're debt. We are dust. We're absolutely nothing. Our legacy is nothing. Can you really imagine somebody say, I want my legacy to be this way when I You're debt. Why do you want somebody true? You think somebody really wants to think about you? I want people to think about me when I'm gone. Who the fuck cares about me when I'm gone? When my kids made me a grandkids Kid? How old is she? He gonna be Jake ass y'all. She's 13. 13. Jesus Christ. Poor jazzy, cried in the car, man. Yeah, she definitely cried in the car. I wanna include Mother Mike Tyson. He a true kid, But she, she still ha she still handled it. So yes, she yes he is. She still handled it well. She was like, well I never heard anything like that, but okay.


Like she was so mature You know Mike. Not wrong though. Like, like what is legacy? People's perception of you. People don't know you for real. Like nobody really gonna think about you after you go except your family. I just don't think people expected that response to a a real 13-year-old. That is a real honest answer from a cancer. Okay. Yeah. Well That's just with the mess Guys. Mike Tyson gonna be Mike Tyson salute to Mike Tyson. Can't wait to see that fight tonight. All right, when we come back we got front page news and then Ro Timmy will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Morning everybody, it's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Now in Thursday night football last night, the Eagles beat the Commanders 26 18. And also we gotta tell you guys about Fight Night Tonight on Netflix. Mike Tyson, iron Mike is taking on Jake Paul at nine PM Eastern time. There's a bunch of other matches before that, but the fight takes place tonight. And if you didn't see the weigh in, Mike Tyson smacked the ish outta Jake Paul. I'll say that Mike Tyson look in good shape for a 58-year-old, about to be 60-year-old man. But You know regardless of what happens tonight, just keep in mind Mike Tyson is almost 60 years old. So if Mike Tyson loses the Jake Paul to me, it don't mean nothing. That don't mean nothing anyway. Okay? It don't mean a damn thing.


It don't mean nothing. Morning more y that Mike beat J Paul. It mean everything. Okay, we going to celebrate. We going to be out here. Yes sir. Old head. Let's go unc. Okay, let's go ahead. Good morning y'all. I'm super excited about that. Bout tonight. Yeah, I definitely will be watching it. I'll get into a few details if we have time at the end. But meanwhile, let's bring things home.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mix. It comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to home depot.com to shop now.


Hey Guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run high. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted, pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Is your country falling apart, feeling tired, depressed, a little bit revolutionary? Consider this. Start your own country. I planted the flag. I just kinda looked out of like, this is mine. I own this. It's surprisingly easy. You know 55 gallons of water from 500 pounds of Concrete. Everybody's doing it. I am King Earnest Emanuel. I am the queen of Laia. I'm Jackson, the first king of Kapper bird. I'm the supreme leader of the Grand Republic of Antonia. Be part of a great colonial tradition. Well, Why can't I trade my own country? My forefathers did that themselves. What could go wrong? No country willingly gives up their territory. I was making rocket with the black powder You know with explosive warhead. Oh my God, what is that? Bulls bullet holes. We need help. We still have the off-road portion to go Listen to Escape from Zack Astan. And we're losing daylight fast. That's escape from ZAQ Astan on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


As a kid, I really do remember having these dreams and visions, but you just don't know what is gonna come for you. Alicia Keys opens up about conquering doubt, learning to trust herself and leaning into her dreams. I think a lot of times we are built to doubt the possibilities for ourselves for self preservation and protection. It was literally that step by step. And so I discovered that that is how we get where we're going. This increment of small, determined moments. Alicia shares her wisdom on growth, gratitude, and the power of love. I forgive myself, it's okay. Like grace, have grace with yourself. You're trying your best and you're gonna figure out the rhythm of this thing. Alicia Keys, like you've never heard her before. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up? This is Ramsey job And. I. Go by the name Q Ward. And we'd like you to join us each week for our show. Civic Cipher. That's right. We're gonna discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people to hopefully create better allies. Think of it as a black show for non-black people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence, and we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace and social circle. Exactly whether you're black, Asian, white, Latinx, indigenous, lgbtqia plus, you name it. If you stand with us, then we stand with you. Let's discuss the stories and conduct the interviews that will help us create a more empathetic, accountable, and equitable America. You are all our brothers and sisters and we're inviting you to join us for civic cipher each and every Saturday with myself, Ramsey's Jaw Q Ward, and some of the greatest minds in America. Listen to Civic cipher every Saturday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Welcome to New York You know you guys are talking con congestion pricing. That's a big topic going on right now. New York Governor k Hoel. She says New York controversial congestion pricing plan will start in January. She says the toll to enter below Manhattan 60th Street will drop from $15 to $9 during peak hours. Now this toll will fully fund the MTA and help complete much needed projects. Let's hear more from Governor Kathy Holle on the new pricing. This $9 daytime toll is enough to secure the $15 billion in MTA funding that congestion pricing was intended to support new modern signals.


The long awaited Second Avenue subway, new electric buses elevators. And this will generate major investments for our suburban commuters as well. This slower toll will save daily commuters nearly $1,500 annually. And that kind of money makes a big difference for our families. Toll's been making billions of dollars in New York City for years and New York City still don't look, look ply New York still look terrible. And they've been making billions of dollars off tolls. So what makes me believe that this extra money is gonna actually go into, as she said, completing unfinished projects. I don't believe it. I think it's all BS. And she says it's gonna save rider's money.


I think that's bs. I think what's gonna wind up happening is all these businesses are gonna have to raise their prices, right? Because people get into these businesses, people get to work, people bring in the pro the produce and supplies are gonna have to charge more because it's gonna cost more to actually get in the city. And I heard yesterday MTA saying, well it's not about the money, it's about making sure police officers and and ambulances could get to where they need to go. No, this is all about money and it ain't right. So low income drivers will receive 50% off the congestion tax when they pass through the zone more than 10 times per month. Now Hokus, what's a low Income driver? Like? What, How do you, how do You know somebody's a low income driver? What depend on the car? I'm sure there is a cap stipulation for that.


But of course You know Hoko says she has directed the MTA to run service more frequently on at least 23 bus routes in the outer boroughs. And the MTA is still facing a slew of lawsuits that actually challenge the plan. Now speaking of the MTA, they are expected to take up the adjusted congestion pricing plan for Manhattan's next week at its board meetings. MTA chair Jenna Lieber says that the board signs, if the board signs off on the lowered $9 toll during peak hours, it will mean money for new rail cars and more reliable service from new signal systems in the subway. Let's hear more from MTA chair, Jana Lever Elevated structures and tunnel structures that God forbid don't fall down.


That we're investing in systems and turnstiles that will prevent fair evasion and so much more. New Yorkers can count on new train cars, more service and more reliable service because of new signals Bs. What did Donald Trump say about it? From what we know is that he's supposed to kill all of this. Okay. That he doesn't like that. So Yeah, I heard him say yesterday, he doesn't like it. He, he, he said he has respect for the governor, but he just feels like this is just too much for the American people. Yeah. So speaking of which, I know you are res resident of New Jersey. New Jersey residents are feeling it too. New Jersey Congressman Josh Gottheimer, he vows to fight the congestion pricing fee that's scheduled to go in effect, which it does go in effect in Manhattan on January 5th.


Now, New York governor Kathy Holle, she made those announcements and Gottheimer said he's wasting no time blasting the plan. Let's hear from him. Josh Gottheimer out of New Jersey, 50% of those who rode an MTA bus last year didn't pay to ride. They just jumped on and didn't pay. So you want hardworking families in Jersey to pay for the MTAs mismanagement because they can't get their house in order because Congest Jackson has always been a coverup for the MTAs mismanagement. I'll be damned if I'm gonna stand around and let the MTA balance their mismanaged out of control budget on the backs of hardworking Jersey families. New York's attempt to whack Jersey families with yet another tax is utterly absurd.


So yes, we gotta pay two tolls now. 'cause You know we come from Jersey so we gotta pay two tolls. I don't even know how much the toll is no more because I got easy pass. Well, to Just put it on the easy pass Total's going up too, by the way, how much it is going up too. It's already $70. It, it's going up. They said it's going up by the end of the year as well. So start a new year, you, you'll have a new toll. And this just started January 5th. And what happened to the toll workers? They don't even have toll workers no more. Nope. You making all that money and, and you you paying automated pay nobody. You're not paying nobody. Yeah. At least, at least, at least like I wish y'all still had toll workers to still get some bread. Nah, for real. But Heimer said the plan would also increase dangerous pollution for communities around the George Washington Bridge, which would see a large increase in idling trucks is essentially what he's saying.


We ain't got the money. Can you, can somebody help me please? Like you said, just throw it on an easy pass I guess and pay the bill later. don don't know what I, that's just woo. Yeah, I was gonna say that Virginia kind of has a similar thing going on with their express lanes down here and they Flex You know based on the amount of traffic. So it's just crazy to see how much You know you. You gotta tax the people just to do what they are trying to do. Just get to work, get get to the groceries, get to the everyday life. So it's a lot. I'm, I'm not sure how, if it makes sense, but tonight is fight night. We talked about it earlier. Much anticipated fight between boxing legend Mike Tyson and YouTube star Jake Pauls going down on Friday tonight. The bout was rescheduled from July after Tyson suffered a medical emergency.


I believe that was an ulcer during a flight earlier this year. Netflix will stream the flight, the fight, excuse me, between the 58-year-old Tyson and 27-year-old Paul live from at t Stadium in Arlington, Texas. The the stream will start at 8:00 PM Central nine PM Eastern. Yeah. And there are some other people on the card as well. A feather featherweight. Bruce Carrington. Dana. Cool. Well super lightweight. Lucas Body, Arma, Casa Monica. Yeah. A bunch of other fights on the card as well. You guys know any, I was gonna say, you guys know any of these other fighters on the card? Mario Barrios? No. Rockos. I haven't even looked at the Undercard. But I will say this, the reason I'm ordering, not ordering, it's on Netflix.


But the reason I'm watching this fight is because Mike Tyson and Jake Paul are two of the most entertaining people that ever step into a boxing ring. Okay? And, and what Jake Paul is about to realize, he about to be out trolled by the OG cancer troll of all trolls. Like he wasn't expecting that smack yesterday. Nope. You know what I'm saying? Jake Paul is used to going into those weigh-ins and, and and controlling the environment. Yeah. Mike Tyson took all the energy out the room yesterday with that smack. Okay. I Will say he ate, he ate it a little bit though, so that concerned me. He was shocked. He looked shocked. You think he looked shocked? I think he looked shocked. And then he tried to clean it up like, eh, that was You know. He looked at the crowd like that was nothing. It wasn't, he ain't know what was gonna happen though. You definitely see him like, okay.


Yeah, but, okay. Bold prediction. I'm going with Iron Mike, the legend. So that's your front page news. Okay. Morgan would follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@bnews.com. Happy Friday. I good Luck. I ain't got, I ain't got no more predictions for this year. I I'm out of predictions. Mike, you outta predictions? I said my Cowboys was going to the Super Bowl. That didn't happen. And I voted for Vice President Kamala Harris. That didn't happen. So I don't have no more This it is a wrap. No. Nope. I'm not making no predictions. I don't care. I'm just watching it for the entertainment. All right. Now when we come back, RO Timmy will be joining us. His new album In My Heart, in My Veins is out right now. It's 18 songs. The In My Heart part is the r and b side.


The in My Veins is the Afrobeat side. And we gonna talk to him next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building today. We got Ro Timmy, bro. Tim eight? Yes sir. What's I'm good brother. How you doing? How you doing family? I'm good. Yeah. Good to see you. Good to see you. It's been a couple years, right? Yeah. I know you've been working. I'm doing what I can You talking about family life? 'cause last time we seen him he ain't wasn't married. He ain't no kids. Or you talking about the music part? I'm talking about both, but I'm talking about like the husband and dad glow. That's right. You know. So that's amazing. Thank you. Thank you. That's good. Being a, being a being a father man.


And it's changed my life, man, because having a 3-year-old boy and a a 2-year-old girl, like I'm just learning so much about myself as a man and it just does it. So anybody, fathers man, like please spend time with your children because at this age I'm seeing how much it is that it affects him that I'm not there. You know. So it's, it, it's a beautiful thing just to see him grow and then both grow. Yeah. Yeah. Now is it a difference? Like I know you had your son first. Yeah. Was it, did anything change when you had your girl? So yeah. So being in, in Nigerian mind now, yeah, he is though of parenting that You know. But my son, like, I'm blessed because my son is actually a genius. Mm. So like, and everybody said it about their kids. I was about to say that everybody about their kids, everybody, everybody cares.


Genius. No. Like we really can't put him in school because his brain, the way he takes information is at an 8-year-old level. Mm. Damn. So we had to take, so he's doing preschool just to be around other kids for social, but a social. Yeah. But in terms of, we had to get a tutor because it's too advanced. So he's doing his alphabets backwards, he's speaking Spanish, learning Swahili at three. So like, and so I tell him things and he gets it once, so I'm blessed. But then the funny thing is my daughter is actually faster because she's watching her brother. Right. So now they're both going through the same thing. So it's, it is a blessing because it's like, are they in the house teaching y'all shit? Yes. Yes. Absolutely. And now your wife said that after two days of meeting you. Yeah. Yeah. She knew you were the one. Yeah.


Did You know she was the one after two days? Oh boy. Don't get him in trouble. He's in trouble. He's in trouble. That breakfast in trouble, love that gets in trouble. Yes. Not because of her, but because I wasn't ready for what she already was ready for. And usually women are smarter than us. You get what I'm saying? So like, she saw it, I knew it. I fought it You know what I mean? I knew that I never experienced something like that. I ne I knew that I, I met someone that was already challenging me as a person and spiritual. Like she's a prayer warrior. So like her whole thing was we speaking in tongues for an hour and a half, we going, we reading the Bible together. Like, so she approached me on a way that like, it made me say, damn bro, you really aren't who you think you are as a person. You're still a boy You know.


And so she made me mentally level up. So I still was like, nah, she's lit. But everybody then I'm like, oh my God, I can't stop thinking I can't stop vibing. I can't stop. I don't want nothing else. It was a gradual. How did y'all meet? We met at Essence Fest. So, so v's a, she's a, she's a artist, but she retired but she's a artist and she was headlining as well on the main stage of essence. It's a funny quick story that I was there for power, but I was also performing. I went from a private party. And I actually had a girl there with me. Oh damn. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like a fly, like a nice little weekend vibe. You know, I was still in my, the whole Timmy days You, know what I'm saying? I was Oh, Timmy, Timmy days. I was doing Jimmy Days. So no, I was still violent. You know. But it was, shorty was like, yo, don don't feel too well.


I'm gonna stay in And. I was like, well I gotta go to this Spotify party really quickly. I'll be there 10 minutes, I'll meet you in a bit. She's like, I don't feel like going. But she was with me the entire day. I go to the party, all my power crew was this way. And I was like, man, I just seen all these, I'm, I'm, I've seen 'em. I'm good. Let me just do my own thing. And there she is like literally sitting on a pool table and it was just like, oh wow, who is this? And then we spoke for three, four hours. So the illest thing that I did that I feel like changed the trajectory of our relationship was the fact that she was like, look, I really wanna get to know you. I think you're super lit. Let's see each other tomorrow. And I said honestly like, I have somebody here. I don't want to cross ties, I don't wanna play you like that. Oh wow. Yeah. I didn't want to, I don't wanna put you in a situation where you view me as this guy.


So let me handle this first and then we can link You know whenever, when there's no distraction. Yeah. So she remembered that. 'cause I know she would've met me doing this. She would've been thinking forever that like anybody's like that You know. So that's how we met. And You know we've been together ever since. And she, she wasn't living in the States at the time. She was in Tanzania. So she flew out and yeah, the rest is history. So the young lady that you left in the hotel, I was sick. I was raised, she must feel sick. Oh my God. Why you put, why be, why you gotta be sick? Why you gotta go out and leave me? It could have been a headache from my drinking. Too much. Could Why you gonna say You left a sick girl in the room and you went to go back somebody else You. know what I'm saying? It was crazy.


Yeah. So how was that conversation with her? 'cause now it's like You know. Yeah. If you wasn't sick, you caught of you could've been the one. Yeah. You I don't even know. She could have been the one. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But she was dope. But again, I wasn't in that mindset of anything. I just met someone that made me say, oh, got you. This is different bro. Don't lose This. But I do respect how you told V like, yeah, I I'm here with somebody. And, I. Don't even You know don don't want y'all to cross ties. Yeah. I I love that And I feel like, again, like You know the way you meet people sometimes people never forget because then it starts being like, okay, well you did this to me. Yeah. Oh, so then everything is always been integrity. Yeah. You know. And so I wanted to start her off that way. And then I had the conversation with Shorty like, look like You know this is, this is a vibe.


We cool. I had a good time. You know, I think we're just going to, and she was like, yeah, kind. No problem. That's right. It was nothing. It wasn't deep. So yeah. How long were you together with your wife before you actually asked a question? A year and a half. And how did You know? 'cause nowadays I feel like people wait a lot longer 'cause they wanna make sure with You know so many people talking about toxic relationships. So many people getting divorced. What say this is the one And. I wanna do it Now you Just said he was speaking tongues for four hours. Lord yes. Nah, You know. The illest thing that I've, I've always done in my career personally is I've always trusted my instincts and I've always touched, trusted my intuition. So I never second guess anything You know.


And that's because I never took an acting class. I never took music lessons. It was always whatever. So this was no different that I knew that it was okay, this is the time. Oh this is gonna be it, this is how, how, how it goes. And I'm very in tune with God. So everything was just like, okay, this is who it needs to be and this is who it is. So it was, it was ordained bro. I, I can't really tell you. Like Yeah, yeah. I'm, it was just like, this woman doesn't deserve to wait You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like what am I doing? I already know. So why, why waste time. So What is the rotini prayer? They've been asking the prayers for Sierra. Once they hear this man, the way he speak about V his wife, they gonna be asking for that prayer. Yeah. I wanna know, how has being a husband and a dad affected your music?


Like it, did it change, make you wanna sing different, about different things, or He keeps singing, he got like 19 songs. I know, I know. But how, how does this impact your music now, the family life? Well, I'm able to make records that, so for example, I have a song called Bless. Right? And it just basically says on the album, basically says, I have everything I need. And it's a mixture of Afrobeat with Gospel You know that's a one version. Then I have a version of when I met her, in essence, And I wrote from this perspective of, I don't need nobody else. It's you, And I, put it on some cool drums. So that love has been easy to transcribe because it's just naturally what's going on.


And me and punch, we, we did this whole project together. So my stories are easy to convey to my brother You know. And so we're able to just, to get these going. But as a Father You know, like you said earlier, like before we even started, just being able to look in my kids' eyes and say, yo, like I have no choice but to win yo. Like, I have, I have to do this. I don't have a regular nine to five where I can clock in, do what I need to do and go home. I have to earn everything creatively and think ahead. So when I look at him and he's happy and he's doing his alphabet's backwards, I'm like, I gotta fund this You. know what I mean? And so that mindset has made me a, a even bigger hustler when it comes down to it. And You know I was going through so much at the time that music was my therapy.


So that's why it took so long to make this next, this project now. Because one, I had to get myself right mentally and then make sure my family was good and then kill a lot of my bad habits of who I wa who I was before I go to the next stage now. Alright, we got more with Ro Timmy when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Ro Timmy Jess, you got The song Bestie? Yes. You Sam from the Lauryn Hill. Yes. Killing me Softly. Yes. Did she need to hear that before you Yes, she did. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. How was it working with her? Even, even just letting her hear that. So Bey is one of my favorite records on the album, and it's one of those songs that is Divine Man.


So Lauren Hill went to my, my high school. Okay. So we all went to me ssa, Laury Hill, a lot of other people. Dope You. know what I mean? And so is that where Angel E went to? Yes. As went to? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So yeah. So we all from that cloth and it was amazing because Full Circle really quickly, I was a freshman when she came and did her Hall of Fame speech. Mm. So I was third row sitting watching her get her speech. And I'm like, man, I'm telling my boy. I'm like, yo, bro. Like I'm gonna do that, bro. And they don't really give, they give it like maybe every 10 years to somebody You know. And I was like, I'm I'm just gonna be me, bro. And this is like, it's like 4,000 people that go to our school. So it, the odds of it being you is not really likely.


So And I just worked, worked, worked. And I did the little things, man. And, and in 2018 I was inducted to my high school Hall of Fame. That's dope. Oh, You know what I mean? And I brought my boy who I told I'm gonna do that is what's up. I told him You know. And then, but also that same year, CSA was invited as well to the Hall of Fame. So she, and, and, and a lot of people don't understand that when we grew up, like I was a ball player singing girls, da da da popular kid. And she was like kinda like an outcast, You, know what I mean? To herself, really didn't, and she'll talk about it, but I was always been like, yo, come hang out with us. Come kick it with us. When everybody was like pushing her away, pushing her away. 'cause we didn't understand the, the swag then like she was swaggy like this then You know Oh wow.


Before her time. So it was different You know and it was like, ah, whatever. So, so it was dope to hear You know, acknowledge that in her speech too, that You know like, RO took care of me when I was in school. But but do you call her now and be like, yo, scissor, remember when the whole school was against you? I need that verse. I know you charging about it right now, but remember your bro that held you down? You called and asking, did you ask? Of course. Oh, oh, well the, the, it's so dope because during the time that Love Rhythm was going crazy and my bed was going crazy. And then she called me and was like, like, yo, I love what you're doing. Let's get this going. And then literally when like two weeks later, her stuff started going dessert. Mm. And it was like, okay. And it was Solana.


You remember that song that you said? It goes in there in my You know that one. You know. So it was, it was cool. But you have to respect it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Speaking up in my bed. Do you ever feel pressure to match the success of Lover Them or In My Bed As a competitor? Yes. You know what I mean? As a dog? Yes. But it's this moment You know because there, oh yeah. And that's, but the thing is too, I was making those type of records right. While I was feeling power. Right. So the label would be like, yo dog, you got two days to make a hit. Go to LA do what you need to do. I was never able to comfortably make music like these other artists are able to do. Yeah. So I was, thank God for the talent, I was able to go make a record, go back to set while I'm making the record studying my lines in the booth, there's a meeting in my, alright, so Dre's supposed to, okay cool, got it.


Like I'm doing that damn. And thank God it was, it was able to go platinum. But at the same time, I never had the op opportunity other the artists had. So now I was like, RO, let me get, get yourself right, take care of your family. This is a season that you're supposed to grow home because when it goes crazy again, the foundation gotta be solid. That's why you're sitting down You know. So then it was like, okay, but in the meantime, let's make the best music possible. So that's why this project took two years because I wanted to make 18 in my bed moments. You know what I mean? With this double album. And so I feel comfortable, I was able to take my time, visualize it.


And the cool thing about it is that I was doing it in my bed and servicing my Afrobeat fans instead of the RB side would be like, yo, where's our record? You know? And so now we were like, let's literally make a double album nine records Afrobeat nine records, R and Bs called In My Heart for the r and b side in my veins for the Nigerian blood. So you get the two versions of Rot full album. And these are my life stories, You know, but then it was like, yo, some people just like the acting side. So I was like, well let's figure this out. Let's fund and pay for every music video to be shot. So we, we put money down, we put, I put about a quarter million and make every video. And then, then the label was like, yo, we got 10 songs for you bro.


We can only do 10. I was like, nah, don don't want to do 10, I wanna do 18. Well, okay, well you gotta pay for it, pay for the other eight pay the producer paid everything. So it was like, again, I tell artists or people man, like, you have to invest in yourself. You gotta believe in yourself because I know what this is gonna do and you may not see it right now, but I know what this is gonna do. So let me take this upon myself to make it happen with no questions. They were like, we could do two videos. I was like, all right, cool. That's standard. This is great stuff. Thank you You. know what I mean? But now we doing 18 You know know we're gonna service it out for everybody to be able to have a moment with their song. 'cause it's rot Timmy acting as well. So you get in the r and b side, you get in the Afro B side and you get in the actor You know And, I directed Everything You.


know what I mean? And so shout out to Beyonce because I know Beyonce's done something where it's Double Album and You know. But what we're doing differently is we're treating every song like a single. So the album drops, every song is out, but every three weeks you're gonna get a new video. So you're gonna be getting new content from the same project for about seven, eight months. This Is the real definition of a body of work, right? A body of work. Yeah. I was like, yo, like I'm not gonna come out and do everything that a regular artist go two weeks they do promo and then you don't hear nothing else and it's done. It's done. Nah, I worked too hard for this. Yo, I put my life on this. I put a half a million into this thing on my own. Yeah. It has to work. So we going to milk this, make it go, make the music undeniable.


You're not a messy artist. You're not talk somebody that's gonna talk about somebody, bro. Like I know I can get up here and have three strippers and put a thousand dollars on each of they ass and be like, it's up. What's up? Yeah, I'm single and it's gonna go viral. And then listen to the breakup song up about my woman. Then everybody listen to that. I know. I take that clip and say that you wanted to bring strippers. We gonna cut that up. So go ahead. Go. Yeah. Yep. Well let's get into a record off that album. What do you, what do you wanna get into today? Ooh, Let's get into something off the Afrobeat side. Afrobeat side. Yeah. Ooh, ooh. Which one we should you start with? Let's start with, yeah, let's go with our wonder. I wonder. Yes sir. Let's go. What? I wonder.


Not dirty December. Ooh, that's a good, we can follow up a close dirty December. It is almost dirty December. It is. Yeah. You choose brother about, I wonder. Dirty December. Yo, your choice brother. All right, well let's get into the joint right now. Yes sir. I wonder It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ, JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with bro. Timmy. That was our Wonder Office album out right now, Jess. I was looking at an interview where you said it was fifties idea to say Yeah, yeah, yeah. That you owe him money. Yeah. To keep the momentum of your records Going. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that, yeah. So Lover him. Lover him was number one at the time. And he was like, yo bro, honestly, I got this idea, man.


Like, okay, I got out my deal with 50. Was it a one album deal or it was a two album deal? But I had one more And I said, bro, I want to do this on my own. You know I believe in this. And why did you wanna get out? Did you feel like No, I think, I think at the time there was a lot, he had just fired everybody You know. And so like there was a lot going on at the time and the show was so on fire that it was like there's no way that Dick could be focused on what this is at this particular time. Especially 'cause my character's going od lit crazy. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, let me just take myself out of this because at the timing wasn't right to be a focus. So I was like, let me just bet on myself, You, know what I mean?


And thank God for his love for me and his wisdom. He was like, look, I'll let you out. But You know mechanically you owe me 300,000 for the investment that I've put in it. So I had to pay him back mechanically. So from the sales of my product is how he'll get paid back. Gotcha. Which is standard You, know what I mean? Yeah. I didn't have to give him my 300,000 like this. Yeah. But over time, whatever records I do work with, with whoever I work with next, they get, he gets that money. So the record, we put the song out, love rhythm is number one RB album going crazy. And he calls me, he's like, look bro, I got this idea. I'm gonna say I don't like you. I'm gonna say I wanna punch you in your nose. I'm gonna tell you I don, I'm gonna rock with you what's, and then, but the thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna mention 25 times that.


How can this not pay me when his album is number one? So when he did that, the psychology of people is like, what am I missing? Wait, RO got a number one album where? What's going on? And that's, that's how it blew. Mm. You get what I'm saying? So that's genius marketing. It definitely is. Now you are 50 300,000 and his marketing genius. Yeah. You know what I mean? So he, he it worked because he got his money back in like four months. Absolutely. You know what I mean? So it worked, but at the same time,


the holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, the decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series Stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run high. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Is your country falling apart, feeling tired, depressed, a little bit revolutionary? Consider this. Start your own country. I planted the flag and just kinda looked out of like, this is mine. I own this. It's surprisingly easy. We have 55 gallons of water from 500 pounds of Concrete. Everybody's doing it. I am King Earnest Manuel. I'm the queen of Laia. I'm Jackson, the first king of caper burg. I am the supreme leader of the Grand Republic of Antonia. Be part of a great colonial tradition. Well, why can't I trade my own country? My forefathers did that themselves. What could go wrong? No country willingly gives up their territory. I was making rocket with a black powder You know with explosive warhead. Oh my God, what is that? Bulls bull holes. Hammer. We need hail. We still have the off-Road portion to go Listen to Escape from Zack Astan. And We're losing daylight fast. That's escape from ZAQ Astan on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


As a kid, I really do remember having these dreams and visions, but you just don't know what is gonna come for you. Alicia Keys opens up about conquering doubt, learning to trust herself and leaning into her dreams. I think a lot of times we are built to doubt the possibilities for ourselves for self preservation and protection. It was literally that step by step. And so I discovered that that is how we get where we're going. This increment of small, determined moments. Alicia shares her wisdom on growth, gratitude, and the power of love. I forgive myself, it's okay. Like grace, have grace with yourself. You're trying your best and you're gonna figure out the rhythm of this thing. Alicia Keys, like you've never heard her before. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up? This is Ramsey job. And. I. Go by the name Q Ward. And we'd like you to join us each week for our show. Civic Cipher. That's right. We're gonna discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people to hopefully create better allies. Think of it as a black show for non-black people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence, and we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace and social circle. Exactly whether you're black, Asian, white, Latinx, indigenous, lgbtqia plus, you name it. If you stand with us, then we stand with you. Let's discuss the stories and conduct the interviews that will help us create a more empathetic, accountable and equitable America. You are all our brothers and sisters and we're inviting you to join us for civic cipher each and every Saturday with myself, Ramsey Ja Q Ward and some of the greatest minds in America. Listen to Civic cipher every Saturday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Yes, I know I can do those things. You know. And for me, I was like, the only way I can combat gimmicks and being messy and things that just make undeniable product that lives forever, You know. That's why in my heart, in my veins feels like that man. And that's how I grew up. Like being from Jersey, there was no cutting corners. There was no, you had to work for what you got. You know being Nigerian either as well. I didn't cut corners. You know I did the little things You. know what I mean? So that's what it was for me. I understood very early, like the little things is what keep you around. That's right. The longevity. Where when was the last time you go to your job and you shake everybody's hand, You know, look everybody in the eye. Remember everybody's name. That changes the room.


That changes the energy. When is the last time you ask how are you and genuinely listen You know what I mean? Like, so whenever I'm, I carry those things and those principles got me to where I am along with everything else. But those things people remember You know. So I was like, no, I'm not gonna cut no corners. You know. Let's, let's, let's do it. Let's, this is who I am. I, I am in a relationship. I do have kids. I am fly. I do make great music. I am an actor. Let's write about it and let's talk about it and be pure about it. Now people were mad at you. Yeah. 'cause you said that you brought Afrobeats to America, you still stand by that. Absolutely. But the way it was worded was crazy. Right? So I was the first American Nigerian to bring Afrobeats to a place where Americans were able to digest it on radio.


So for example, I was going to program directors and playing love rhythm and being, they were like, yo don don't even know how to, what's the beat on rhythm on this? This, what is this? I was in those moments. So when I started doing it, it became a, oh, I like this also doesn't mean that there weren't people before that were doing, it had moments, but because I am from here and because it's relatable, because Mr. Butterscotch was doing what it needs to do. So like, and what I'm saying is digestible and understood, like it felt inclusive. So it was a pacifier to start the movement here. Not necessarily them bringing it wizz. And they were always lit. But in terms of the timing, Liz Wizz then had the record with Drake, then DeVito came out.


So it was all the same time. But for me it was, I remember going to program directors, they didn't even know what it was. And so now this record's going crazy. It becomes, oh I like this. Oh, that's what it was. Yeah. Okay. And then I came back with in my bed. So it was like, oh, I was the only one besides really Chris Brown that's out here. Yeah. That's really doing it where it feels like, oh, it's a bridge. So I was, yeah, definitely would say I was the bridge in that. However, the burners and Dto and Wizz and all them. Yes, of course it affected The. World. Yeah. But I remember going to those moments where they didn't hear the one dance yet. They didn't hear the, I gotta ask people of, were upset with Chris Brown, right? Yeah. Well, not upset with Chris Brown, the Academy, because they were saying that Chris Brown is an American artist and he shouldn't be in the Afrobeats category.


Right. What's your thoughts on that? I believe that he definitely should. Music is music. Music is music, bro. Like that's what I'm saying. We get so crazy with this trying to box people into things like is it an Afrobeat record? Yes. Is it one of the best Afrobeat records? Yes. So yes, he should be in the Afrobeat category. Yeah. And it goes the other way too, because last year Tyler won a Grammy over sexy red. Mm. Right. So it's like, if Afrobeats can win over Yeah. You win in a category where it's just You know what, what was that? I think it was like rap or new artists or something like that. Yeah. Why can't Chris Brown win? Yeah. Or even be nominated. Yeah. In the Afrobeats.


Nah, music has no bounds, man. Yeah. That's what makes it so beautiful. Like music has no, that's saying, yo, you can't do this and you can't do that. Oh, you can't act and you can't sing. Or you can't be a a, a host of a, a legendary show and then also be a dj. You can't do this and be like, yeah, stupid. You just, no, I'm just dope You. know what I mean? And so that's why for us it was like, let's spoon feed the people. This is an r and b album. This is a Afrobeat album. If we win records on this, then we win records. I mean, remember Wars on this then it's, it's still the same project, but you put it where you want to put it. You know. And so that's how it was. But nah, definitely Chris Brown is one of the greatest I've ever do it, bro. Like yeah.


Only few people can do it and be believed. And. I believe it. You know and And I feel like he's the only other one. For real. Yeah. What is your favorite song on the album? Yo, honestly fam like we've constructed this album to be where I can sit with you and figure out what kind of music you love. And I'll be able to tell you, like, these will work for you. I'll look at you and be like, yo, bro, what? Good vibe. Okay. These are your favorites. I, they're like my kids. I can't, I can't pick. Yeah. You know as my favorite, but there's no single You know Everything is a single. So if you're like, bro, I love classic RB, I got that for you. Like, yo, I love Poppy Phil, I got that for you. I love hiphop drums. I got that for you. So like it's whatever it is. Yeah. It's whoever I'm speaking to.


I'll make, we've tailor made it that way. So your album is a candy store. It's everything, whatever type of candy It chocolate. Yes. Yep. All Yes. I got the album of the year. I love that. I got the album of the year. He said it. I got the album of the year. Genuinely. The album is out right now. Of course it's a A double album. Yes sir. In my heart, in my veins. R and b side Afrobeat side. And we appreciate you for joining us, bro. Thank you bro. Thank you man. God bless y'all man. All right. It's rot. Timmy. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Real hilarious. Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. She Don't spare nobody Worldwide.


Jess worldwide Message On The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time To set it on. Okay, mic check. 1, 2 1 2. Can y'all hear me? Yes Ma'am. Yes. Alright, let's get it. All right. Ray j Apologizes to Pastor Jamal Bryant. So earlier this week I reported on a little beef that Ray J had with Pastor Brian over an unreleased interview to jogging memory passed all pastor the Jamal Bryant interviewed Ray J and they agreed to make edits to the interview to protect Ray J. But after the agreement, Ray J got on social media and told the pastor that if he released the interview at all, he was gonna snatch his ass off the pulpit.


Which was wrong. When Pastor Jamal Bryant responded, he showed nothing but love and respect for Ray J. Well he, yesterday Ray J had a change of heart and decided to apologize to the pastor. Speaking that kind of language to a pastor is unbelievable. It's uncalled for. It's disrespectful saying I'm gonna snatch somebody off the pulpit. And they a pastor is, is is blasphemy. I was very angry 'cause I'm scared that some of the stuff I said that I wasn't supposed to say could affect me legally and stuff like that. So I just lost it. And, I shouldn't have said words like that. Pray for me if you would have me at your church next time you are Fellowship And.


I would love to come through and and pray with you in person or whenever I can come through on a positive tip to just say I'm sorry personally the un the church and the fellowship. Please have me. I'm glad he did that. 'cause Ray You know I love you but you've been doing too much lately. Does Ray still have his network? I, this isn't like Ray J because he is making all this noise stirring up water to catch fish. But I don't hear him talking about the network of promoting those shows. I'm not sure About it. He definitely still has. Yeah, he still got his his, he still got his network. Okay. I haven't heard him promote it either, but it's still up. Mm yep, yep, yep. And that was that. The pastor hasn't responded yet.


But I mean I'm glad he did it too. But at the same time it's like yo, how many times we seen this like this, this repetitive behavior, you while out and then you come back you apologize. Or you wanna go on a show to clear things up and then only to make them worse and things like that. You too old to be doing that. You too old. We can't keep blaming things on like his divorce and, and You know he's just spoiled and he's just Ray J and not at some point it's clowned out and it's like yo grow up. That's it. 'cause he got kids looking at him. So that's just his kids are looking at him and these kids, I'm moving on. Gillian Wallow pull up on Kodak Black. Who? Hey yo. Yeah, everybody keeps looking at him.


Ayo shut up. Gillian Wallow pulled up on Kodak Black. They need to pull up on Ray ass too. But Kodak sat down for an episode of million dollars worth a game and the interview comes out today at 10. But they shared a clip of their conversation with him. You special, don't ever doubt yourself. You got them babies counting on you. You gotta be here. And I'm telling you that because a lot of people get around you and they see your success and they say, oh man, a lot of people need you. And they Yes ma'am. I ain't here to Yes ma'am, you You know me every time we connect with D You know I got love for you. Not because I need you. I got love for you 'cause you a young cat. And I was young. Gil was young live. And I'm telling you that because you see that love that that lady get you see how you light up when I talk about your babies live, these people wanna laugh.


They wanna joke, they wanna criticize. They don't know your pain. I don't know your pain but I know one thing them babies counting on you, queen Prince, king Isabella, they counting on you. Don't play them babies. Yeah, I love you man. You hear me appreciate. I love you man. That's A good one. That's what it is. I'm watching that today man. Snoop Gillian Wallo. That's so dope. Hell yeah man. And that video y'all can go see that's on Gilly page. He's actually listening and they, he's sitting in the street and then while they're on Gilly they go talk to him or whatever. And he definitely seems to be listening. You know and but this comes from You know the several interviews in the past where we've seen the effects of drugs, drug abuse are on full display for Kodak.


And most of the time you'll see people in a comment saying the people around him, they need to help him rather than exploit him. And I just think it's dope that Gill and Wallo took the chance to, to be vulnerable with him and talk to him, especially Wallo. But this is not new Wallo. Wallo always dropping down. That's right. And loving on the young brothers like they need it. You know. So Especially the ones that deserve it, shout out to them because Kodak, yeah, unless you've spoken to him or had a conversation with him or been around him, you don't realize how much of a great spirit that he has and he's got a light that's hard to see because all of the darkness and the trauma that he's been through. But that young brother got a light man, he gonna get it right. I got faith. I got faith that one day Kodak gonna get it right and he gonna do great things.


Absolutely. Absolutely. A former NFL player arrested. So I don't know if, do y'all know Antoine Williams? He was a former Detroit Lions draft pick. He was arrested. Okay. Yeah. He was arrested this week on felony charges including assault for his involvement in the January 6th Capitol riots. We got the report. Meanwhile, a former linebacker with the Detroit Lions and the DC defenders has been arrested for allegedly assaulting police at the Capitol building during the January 6th riot. He has 31-year-old Leander Williams police arrested him in Savannah, Georgia on charges that do include felony assault according to charging documents. Williams can be seen in open source video and police body-worn camera pulling bike rack barricades away from police and striking an officer on the head with his arm.


Investigators say other videos show Williams grabbing and then struggling with at least two police officers. They just caught him now after all that time. Yeah. Wow. Yep, yep, yep. And he fast wondering he Right do his fee. What you mean he fast? He played football, he Fast additional evidence included credit card records showing a purchase at a parking lot near a train station close to the capitol. He is the first person to be arrested for the riot since Trump reelection. Yep. They got his black ass outta there. There. That's Crazy about to get pardoned. He about to get pardoned. He about to get pardoned after January 20th or whatever it is.


That's crazy. 'cause he probably thought he got away. It's been what, four years? Damn near four. He been away. He get away. He gonna do a couple months and he getting pardoned what the rest of the January 6th or Okay and the, the rest of the January Sixers. Yes. They all getting pardoned. You go see. Okay, well I ain't got no problem with it. I don't care. I wasn't there. don don't want it no matter to me. That's just with the mess for the Friday. Alright, thank You Jess. Now Charlemagne, oh my God. Who you giving your donkey to man? Four after the hour. More proof that after the year 2000 they just started making any old kind of human. Okay. We need a young man named Jalene White to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him please.


All right, we'll get to that next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The, Breakfast Club Donkey of the day. Damn. He haw. It's time for donkey of the today. Keep up. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They called Donkey Of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the donkey Today? Today, Well just hilarious Donkey today for Friday. November 15th goes to 21. No goes to 20-year-old. 22 0, 20-year-old Jolene White. Now he's 20.


So that means he was born in 2004. And he is confirming my theory that after the year 2000, the universe just started making anybody And. I told y'all it's because God sold the company that makes humans. He sold it to some other higher power and they kept the name. Okay, same model, but the ingredients just not the same because these little youngins is different. See, Jalen has an eight month old son and the mother of the child had to run out real quick. So she left the baby with his daddy. Well Jalen decided to do what most men do when they watch their kids. And that's play NBA 2K. Well I'm gonna tell you right now, this is where the story gets dark. And since don don't like to be the bearer or bad news, let's go to CBS News Chicago for the report please.


A father in Milwaukee is charged after he admitted to throwing his nine month old son because he was frustrated while playing a video game. Prosecutors say 20-year-old Jalen White was playing NBA 2K. He was down two points in the fourth quarter of the game. Prosecutors say that's when he threw his eight month old son against the wall. The criminal complaint states white told detectives he heard his son's head hit the wall loudly. Hospital staff discovered several injuries on the child, not all of them from the wall incident. This appears not to be the first of abusive conduct with this child. Based on the fact that there are multiple stages of healing and broken ribs, The baby has a dramatic brain injury and is not expected to survive.


If the child does die, prosecutors will upgrade the charges against white Two two homicide. Somebody tell Donald Trump to add jail into the mass deportation list. Okay? Don't be fooled because his last name is white. He's not. This man was losing by two points in NBA 2K and got so upset that he threw his baby against the wall in anger. What happened to throwing your controller against the wall? What happened to simply resetting the game? What happened to instinctively loving your kids more than anything else on this planet? This man Jalen told police And I quote, he hit his head hard on the wall, bro, I heard the wall.


It was hard on his head. I heard the impact of the wall after I tossed him. This man's eight month old child is not expected to live because his daddy was losing by two points in the fourth quarter in NBA 2K. The craziest part about this story is Jalen said, he said he didn't, he didn't. He didn't say he saw the baby hit the wall. He said he heard the baby hit the wall. That means he just tossed the child without looking. Mm. Okay. He tossed the baby away. He just tossed the baby the way Tyree tossed those tissues. The last time he was hand Breakfast Club studios crying. I'm not doing this. Me neither. Okay, out of all the things you could've grabbed and threw at the wall outta anger, you tossed your child and you're trying to tell me this, the same original recipe for humans God been using.


No, humans are under new management and God and and and and Ben. Okay, God don't have his hands on none of those new model humans. You only hear humans of a certain age say, God not done with me yet because we are some of the last models that God created that he still got his hands on. Okay? Therefore we can still go the GOD repair service center lifetime warranty. But the reality is God is done with some of y'all. And in the case of Jolene White, God said, Hmm, get somebody else to do it. I don't have nothing to do with that. I don't have nothing to do with those humans. Born after 2000, okay, that after 2000 human business, that's not me. I'm over here. I got my hands on the chimpanzees, the dolphins, the ravens.


Have you noticed what I'm doing with the orchids and the bees? They are the new intelligent life and Ben, which is why the more you get to know humans born after the year 2000, you realize why Noah only let animals on the arc. Now Jalen is being held on child abuse and child neglect charges. And you heard the news report if the poor eight month year old child die, that was stupid. I said eight month year old, if the poor eight month old child dies from his injuries jail and his charges are expected to be updated to include murder and he is currently being held on a hundred thousand dollars bond. All those in favor of keeping him there forever say aye. Aye.


Okay, aye. All right. I mean not Nick. Aye   Yes. All those the polls say no. Okay. Please let Remy ma give Jalen White the biggest heehaw Heehaw heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? That's sad man. Yeah, that is sad. It's crazy. There won't be no 2K where he going? Yeah, it's prison baby. Then They said that it was, this ain't the first time. Like the baby has other injuries that he's hailing From. That's what I'm saying, Broken ribs and all that. Like that's, that's crazy. So why wouldn't a baby taken out of the cab before? That's why He deserve everything he about to get. If he get forever in prison, he get forever in prison. Okay. And it ain't like I said, it ain't no 2K where he going?


It's all two gay now. Okay. No controllers, just joysticks joy. It's just Joysticks. Just joystick. My goodness. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Alright, well it's Friday. So You know what that means. What does it mean? Oh, we Playing the weekend is here or what? Well, You said what is here? You said what? What? I said the weekend is here. No, No, no. Okay, I'm ready. Let's go. All right. It's Friday. She You know what that means. It is freaking, freaking freaking Friday. I didn't know we was doing this. What we doing? Alright, right. So lemme break it down. So Lamar Odom recently got a sex doll, right? And he got a sex doll based on his ex. So the sex doll looks like Klo Kardashian.


You know that already, right? No, I didn't know that. Well now You know that I'm hearing this. He got a sex doll that looks just like Klo Kardashian. He keeps her in the closet, takes it out when he needs and puts her right back, right? Oh, that's not weird at all. That's not weird. That's not strange. Okay. Alright. All right. Well, well maybe, maybe this is strange. I'm being sarcastic. I was talking to Mac. What's Mac? I don't know if Mac wanted me to tell, but Mac was talking to one of his homies and he told me that his homie had a pocket vagina. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Is it weird if your man has a pocket vagina or a sex doll chilling in the house? So let me ask what with a pocket vagina or a sex doll? That's what they sell 'em for. They sell 'em for men to buy to you.


That's just like if we have toys, that's why we got rolling. Exactly. All right. Understand that. Now, yes. Let's say you walk the crib and your man has a a sex doll sitting there. Are you gonna be upset? No, I'm not gonna be upset. It depends on who it is. Like who, who's it of Like You. know what I mean? Like You know how Lamars is of Chloe, right? It depends. It depends on what? It depends on who it is. Like say It's a white girl. What if it's just generic? This is generic. Just a generic late text. This the one they sell in the store. That's fine. Yeah, because look like I got You know how many toys I got laying around my house. Like if, if if he don't get mad at me having toys, I damn sure can't get mad at him. You got one on the shelf behind you right now. Truck drivers. I got a Dollar in.


You do have one on the shelf? Yeah. And look at you look at this to make sure Whatever he has truck driver though, and I'm not with him all the time. So he might have a few pocket little JJs in, in a truck in the do so What's wrong? I don't understand What's wrong with that? Well, 'cause I asked the ladies up here, they said if their man had a a pocket vagina or a sex doll that looked like an actual person, they would leave. So let's open up the phone please. First of all, they ain't even gonna talk to, they just got men. They just literally just got men. Yo You know, know what I'm saying? Oh hundred. He just gottman yesterday. Now five, five. What men should have ladies, if you walked into your man's crib and he had a sex doll, right?


A full sex doll, legs, arms, breasts, vagina, all that. How would you feel? Let's discuss. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Or you wouldn't mind if, if your homie told you you got a pocket vagina? That wouldn't be weird. First of all, don don't know why he would be telling me that, number one, but number two, no, he's, that's what they sell him in the store for. Why men can't have toys? Oh, you got toys. Oh, you, you walk in the OVO Eli's apartment, right? And you walk in in, you see a sex doll? I wouldn't care. It's Drake. Well, hey, yo, the jokes will commence, right? But I still wouldn't care. All right. 805 8 5 1 0 5. Where? Where's this guy though? What if he wrote ov and then the o is the butt hole? Like he wrote it down his lower back. Oh my.


You play too much. You see, it's The, Breakfast Club morning. It's freaky Friday. Goddamn The Breakfast Club. Freaky freak freaky. Friday It's freaky. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Hey look, we want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. It's Friday. So You know what that means. It's freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. So the freaky, freaky, freaky Friday question comes, starts asking from Lamar Odom, we reported, I think a couple of days ago that he has a sex doll that looks like his ex Klo Kardashian and You know, I, we were talking about it in the back and You know Mac told me one of his friends has a pocket vagina.


So the girls were like, well, if I would leave my man if I walked into his apartment and found a sex star or a pocket vagina. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts now Jesse said, I came, I'm gonna be honest with you. I can't believe, can we adjust first, but I just want, I can't believe it's the best question y'all came up with because there's nothing wrong with people having toys. I would say the question should be, if you was with your man and he had a doll of his ex, would you think that was strange? Ain't nothing wrong with men having sex toys because Chloe is definitely Lamar's Ex. Exactly. If he, if he had a new woman and you walked in and he had a, a sex tall that looked like his ex, would you think that was strange? Should it should be the question?


Well, well, that would be strange. There's, there's a lot of women on the line that, that feel like having a sex doll is crossing that line. Mm mm Okay. You don't feel that way? Say That off his ex. Oh, it is definitely Ray turned into a wrestling match. 'cause What you gonna fight the sex though? I'm gonna fight him. Oh. Oh, my bad, my bad. I'm, I'm popping the doll like You. know what I'm saying? I'm gonna get a knife. Yeah. Damn. You gotta get a knife. Fuck the air out. Justin. What? Hello? Who's this Sha call? Hey Jay, good morning. You walk into the crib and you see a sex doll at your boyfriend's house. Absolute, absolutely not. I can see if he had the pocket joint. Maybe I couldn't understand the pocket joint, but a doll is next. It's crazy.


It's like what's going on in your mind that you need a whole doll, Uhuh? I'm not rocking with it. What you mean what's going on in my mind, I don want, It's not that hard for you to get one off. Like you can use your hand, you can use the pocket joint, but you need a doll. It's, it's, it's give a psychotic, Then you gotta put the doll in the closet when you leave, when You know when you come out. When you come over. Yeah. And then men already be nasty, low key. They don't be disinfecting that doll. Right? The doll just laid up, sprayed up like a twine and you just putting it right back in the closet. It sound like she been through this before. Sounds She definitely been Stinky doll. Thank you. Hello. Who's This? Yo, this is from soup Campbell Soup City. All right. From Campbell Soup City.


What the hell is Campbell? Soup City A b. That's another side of Youngstown. All right, take us off Bluetooth with speaker please. Okay, You got a trunk full of sex dolls right now You can tell Now, bro. Now, now, now you, you got a sex do He said, no, no, no. I don't got no sex. Do I'll probably be, yeah. What? I said evicted. All right, bro, that so he about to say, oh yeah, ain't going to hurt nobody. Hello? Who's this? This Gina boss. Hey Gina. Now would you mind if you walked in your man's apartment or crib and he had a sex doll? No.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you are anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout? Well, that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run high. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted, pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to posts Run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Is your country falling apart, feeling tired, depressed, a little bit revolutionary? Consider this. Start your own country. I planted the flag and just kinda looked out of like, this is mine. I own this. It's surprisingly easy. We have 55 gallons of water, 500 pounds of concrete. Everybody's doing it. I am King Earnest Emanuel. I am the queen of Laia. I'm Jackson, the first king of caper burg. I'm the supreme leader of the Grand Republic of Antonia. Be part of a great colonial tradition. Well, why Can't I create my own country? My forefathers did that themselves. What could go wrong? No country willingly gives up their territory. I was making RA with a black powder You know with explosive waterhead. Oh my God, what is that? Bulls bull holes help. We need help. We still have the Off-Road portion to go Listen to Escape from Zack Astan, and We're losing daylight fast. That's escape from ZAQ Astan on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


As A kid, I really do remember having these dreams and visions, but you just don't know what is gonna come for you. Alicia Keys opens up about conquering doubt, learning to trust herself and leaning into her dreams. I think a lot of times we are built to doubt the possibilities for ourselves for self preservation and protection. It was literally that step by step, and so I discovered that that is how we get where we're going. This increment of small, determined moments. Alicia shares her wisdom on growth, gratitude, and the power of love. I forgive myself, it's okay. Like grace, have grace with yourself. You're trying your best and you're gonna figure out the rhythm of this thing. Alicia Keys, like you've never heard her before. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up? This is Ramsey job. And. I. Go by the name Q Ward And we'd like you to join us each week for our show. Civic Cipher. That's right. We're gonna discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people to hopefully create better allies. Think of It as a black show for non-black people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence, and we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace and social circle. Exactly whether you're black, Asian, white, Latinx, indigenous, lgbtqia plus, you name it. If you stand with us, then we stand with you. Let's discuss the stories and conduct the interviews that will help us create a more empathetic, accountable, and equitable America. You are all our brothers and sisters and we're inviting you to join us for civic cipher each and every Saturday with myself. Ramseys Ja Q Ward and some of the greatest minds in America. Listen to civic cipher. Every Saturday on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast,


I wanna give two frat ass. That's all he better have. If I walk up and left. It better not have a pop. That's all he better have. I'm going to roll my blunt. I'm gonna give my drink. I want to see this. Let me see how you going to give it to. You gonna hit this because that's all he better be hitting. Now if he ask first, I'm gonna deflate her, Then I'm gonna have to buy him another one and we gonna do this the right way. Okay? Okay. I like that. That's a real, how old are you? How old are You? I'm 39. Real Woman. That's Her. Dang, she ain't that old, but she Definitely, I've been with my husband for over 10 years and we've been married since 2019.


There you go. I Play them games. You ain't ask first. Okay. You Ask first. I wouldn't even care as long as she ain't got no pulse. He could have the half, but the crotch part, whatever it is, he got all that plastic stuff, he could have it. Okay. Alright. Ain. I get him all the loose for it too. That's what he like. That's that's what you like. I better be the only beat that he like, the only punk he Like. See what I'm saying? Okay. That's right. By the way, this is a real woman because the reality is how insecure are you that you would be intimidated by a big ass plastic doll, Right? That you must what I'm saying must believe him that you would break up with him. What do, what have you been through, man? Hello? Who's this? This is komo.


Komo. Good morning. Good morning. And. I. Gotta give it up to you guys who screens and calls. He got me, he said, if you're a man, I said, whoa bro. I'm a dude. You got a man. My Man, I got a man. But he brought it to my attention. I didn't really listen to the question. But there's two sides to every coin, right? Like us guys, you are not throwing away the chick just 'cause she got some dildos or roses or whatever. At the same time, if my sister called me and said, I walked into my guy's closet and he had a sex dog, I might be like, yeah, but y'all got 'em all the time. Women got 'em all the time, but there's too much. Hey dude, don't get a sex doll.


Just strap up and go shoot respectively. Get get a real. The JJ Mean, but what if, but what if you don't? What if you don't want to cheat? Or what if you practicing celibacy? Right? Like You. know what I mean? There's a lot of different reasons that people have sex dolls and have toys. don don't see the problem with the sex doll. They, they sell it in the store for real. And You know what a woman shouldn't judge her man because he decided to not cheat and use like a sex do. But it is double standards, IDOs, all that stuff. We don't throw the, throw the whole woman away, but they will throw us away because it is kind of weird. But it's like, I guess better than cheating. It's definitely better than cheating. Yes, it is. And, I would, would, would you rather your man have a pocket nanny system try to be correct on radio?


We got you. Or just Go cheat Or what? Or cheat. Or cheat? She already definitely cool with the, with the sex. Do so just Oh yeah. I'm cool with all of that. Oh, you said or cheat? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm cool with all of that. I'm cool with the pocket. I, I basically, I agree with the young lady. Like she said, as long as it ain't got no pulse, I'm good. As long as it ain't another person, I'm good. You can do what you want with your hand with, with a toy. A, a blowup doll, whatever. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's freaky, freaky freaky Friday. And we're asking about a sex doll. If you walked into your man's crib and you had a sex doll, would you be cool with it? That's the question. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Big old freak Baby.


It's freaky Friday that day. Hey look, where am I freaks at? Call in now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. It's Friday. So You know what that means. It freak freaky, freaky freaky Friday. Now a freaky, freaky, freaky Friday question comes from Lamar Oldham recently came out that he has a sex doll, the big latex joint. It's like 25,000 and it looks like Klo Kardashian. So we are asking 25,000. How You know the price? Boy it boy, It's 25,000. Huh? How You know the price. I looked it up. Ain't no Huh? If you can. Huh? You can hear it. That's right. How is it? 25,000? I look It up.


So if your man ladies came home and, and you went to his house and he had a sex dog, what would you think? That is the question. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Ray B from Camo Soup City. Oh, okay. You got hung up on before? Yeah. Yeah. All right. Now tell us what you were saying, Raby. Man, what I'm saying is this, if yo boo ain't handling her business, that means you gotta go to the other activity other than cheat. So if you gotta go there, that mean that you could be mad. But that just means you just gotta handle your business So you not you got a sex doll too. That's what that sounds like. We got Christian on the line. Christian, good morning. Good morning. Now, if you walked in your man's house and he had a a, a sex doll, you'd be cool with it.


I'd Be cool with it. I mean, like I said, it's not for me, it's for him. I mean, am I looking a little weird to me? But that's all right. That's okay. Sometimes I might not be in the mood. I might not be home. Might be too early. So as long as I'm still getting mine, you go ahead and you can at least he ain't cheating. You know I'm with you. That's alright. It'd Be ni It'd be nice if she could cook some clean and maybe like take care of the kids sometimes. But it's alright. It's alright. I, I'm, I'm cool with It. So Krista, your man wakes up, right? And, and, and, and he wants something and you be like, I'm tired. He pulls the sex doll out the closet and lays it right in the bed next to you and go and starts going in on the sex doll. You cool with it? Come on.


I'm watching don. Don't know. Alright. Alright. Thank you. Hey Y'all. Hello. Who's this? This is Danny. Hey Danny. Good morning. Good morning. How Are you today? Good, good, good. So we're asking if you walk in your man's crib apartment or whatever it may be, and he has a sex dog. What, what you thinking? Oh, I'm not gonna be upset at all 'cause I probably helped him pick it out. Oh, okay. Yeah. Like I, at the end of the day, like we as women have like all of the toys and guys just got to get in on the fun. Like why be upset about like, I'm gonna help my dude, we gonna go to the store, we gonna find it. And if he don't find the one that he like, then we can get him all like whatever. Clever. But like it would only get weird. Like if I walked in and he wanted me to do something to it, that would be weird.


But if it's his old single game, Hey my man. Hey, that one out and keep it pushing That one out. All men gotta have sex too. The dolls ain't even gonna be the thing. It's gonna be them. Virtual reality them virtual reality headsets. Yeah, them gonna be the ones. Yeah. Hey. Alright, so hear me out though, right? Because have you seen what some female do? Like they get real nitty grit You know what I'm saying? Like, hey, we don't judge women for it. Why should we judge men? I, I a hundred percent agree. Alright, thank you mama. Especially how some of these to yo especially the toilet I just got like right before I got pregnant. That is crazy. What toy you got? What you want? One. It it do like three things at once.


Y'all, it, it does something to your anal, does something to your clitoris and the inside of the the vi JJ Shorty, it's, it's wow don don't even know At one time called Show man excited. You Googling it right now. Look at, look at it up right now. At One? Yep. At one time. As Soon as you're the Antal boy look at him. I have a wife sir. Yep. I got it from a porn site. They got, they always got the ads pop up at the top for the different toys on the porn sites. I always get cool. They always get my money. I'm telling you, you think I care, but a blow up door please. Right. And I just wasn't giving Chris nothing. Like we just had a baby. So no, no go Hand. I No, I look babe, go ahead. Do you go out in that truck? And. I go. I see truck. The truck People moving. I go Deep.


The truck called him shaking. Why you send to the truck? Because don don't wanna hear it. I don't wanna see it. Damn. don don't wanna hear it. I ain't one of them. I ain't one of them. I'm a watch Now I don't mind you having it, but I ain't about to sit in the room like, okay. Alright. Right now when we come back, we got pastor, the s Nala's gonna be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. It's time for pastor. The S go.


Yeah. DJ come spin that. Come spin. What's up Nyla? Big Nyla. Hey girl. What's up guys? How y'all feeling? Good. Bless Black and Holly Favorite. Love that. What you got today? Some new Tampa Tony. Man. I know he's fired Every time. What? No, we don't got no new Tampa Tony. Okay. Just off record. As I always say, Charlamagne always take private conversations and make them public. I Want him Tampa. Tony, I was put him on the Tampa Tony off air. Why is he? He does it every time. I could be like, yo. Yo. I don't know why you keep doing that. I don. Why I Hear Tampa Tony and passed off. That's Not really my set. That's my you from Tampa? My parents are from Tampa. Oh, okay. Oh, Okay man.


You know what you Talking Queens. You know. I'm from Maryland. She's from Maryland. Queen Queens by way of Maryland. Okay. All Not gonna Queens now. Okay. Oh my god. I'm conflicted. But it's all good. Queens and queens get the money. All Right. All right. So today I'm gonna start with this artist named Suave from Atlanta Suave. No. Is he Spanish? No, He's from Atlanta. Oh, He smoke No Spanish people in Atlanta. I mean, not that I know of. You know Alonzo. Shout out to My sister Jojo, but okay, suave for real. He's really, really fire. He's doing a tape with James Blake and the first record that they drop off, it is called Shift Behavior. I Never heard a record about a man that's just destined to go broke. What? He said, as soon as the money touches his hand, he gonna spin it.


That's what he said. Well You, yeah. Okay. That's the hook. But in the verses he gives more context into getting his first deal and then how he made plans for his next deal, what he wants to do, but Okay. Okay. Nice. But it's, it is fire. And I like the beat Beat's tough. Shout out to James Blake. But what's cool is that he, his last project was a singing RB project, which I really love. So I'm excited to hear this rap project. Nice. Speaking of rap, I'm going to get into one of my favorite rappers outta New York. His name is Cota the friend and he just did a record with Static Select the K, The friend Cota. The friend Coda the Friend. Okay. Yeah. And it's called blah. I Like that. That gives me fabulous. I like that. That's hard. It gives me fab vibes. I like that. Soon As you hear static, select You know you about to hear some Some boom back.


Yep. Okay. Salute the static Selector. Yeah. Salute the static. Salute to Coda. 'cause You know he's been independent his entire rap career and killing it so Older. The friend, he has to be a nice guy. If you call yourself the friend, He is definitely a nice guy. You can't have nobody say you fake. Everybody gotta be like, yo, he's solid. That's A lot of pressure to put on somebody. He's the friend. He picked The name. They call you Charlemagne. The guy. And. I. Try to live up to that every day. Oh, Shut. You know he got his name from the Disney movie. Brother Bear Man, Your name is Envy. Shut up. Dumbest name you could ever pick. Show the Charact Dumbest Envy. Secondary because why you picked that. I was originally DJ Shrimp. That's even worse.


I envy. Okay. See Shrimp is crazy. Who gave you that? I was like five four. Sure, sure. I got it. I got it. You went from worse to worse man To jeez. My name is amazing. I love it. Thank you very much. I would rather be DJ Envy than DJ Shrimp. Last record. That's envy me. Thank you Very much. Last record is a feel good record. It's by Jamon. It's actually he just, his dance for the music video going viral. It's called Soft Spot now. It's actually a year old. But since he dropped a video for it's trending like Yeah, It's a vibe. It's like a vibe. It's hell yeah. You never lose with them type of records. Right. And it's a fast beat, but it's still like sensual At the Same time. Yeah, it's definitely mellow. Love it.


You gonna play that but won't play Tam Tony. We got Tam Tony in there. Play Tam. Tony. Tony for Tam. Tony, can we, can we play Take Aback. Hold. It is Freaky Fry. You play that but won't play Tam Tony. Man. Man, rap your hood. For what? I just Told you that I am not Tam, my family from Tampa. Charles tried to say Tampa didn't have a sound. So then this is, damn. This is why I was like, no, they got Tampa. Tony. That is a Florida sound though. But But all of that. All of the different. All of the different, right. I know that. But that's a Florida sound. But all of the different base in Florida does sound different depending where you at. Yes. So Tampa sound a little bit different than Miami. Miami sound a little bit different than Orlando Jackson, but they all got their own little different things pro. This man tried to stomach roll. Did you see him stomach roll to Tam?


Tony did. He did. He Did. It was pretty good actually. I'm impressed. Okay. But no, that was Lit though. Yes. That was good. I'm glad you guys liked them. Three good Picks today and Tampa, Tony. Yes. Yes. Make sure you guys follow me online at N-Y-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. That's Nyla Simonon on the gram. And if you click the link bio, you'll see all the playlist that have music. And of course make sure you guys tune into my podcast. We need to talk new episodes every week. All right. Alright, Perfect. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice mix. We throw it back on a Friday. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Reminding you guys again this weekend. Jess is out in DC I am in DC this, it's tonight actually. The doors open at six show starts at seven. Catch me at the Warner Theater. Me and my brother Desi, DJ Quicksilver will be opening the show from six to 7:00 PM Make sure you get to tickets@livenation.com or warner theater dc.com or my website, jesse lawyers official.com. And tomorrow we got the official premiere for Flood in Baltimore City. Shout out to my brother Desi Alexander. His movie is dropping and if you ain't doing nothing today, make sure you stream. I Hate I Love You on Peacock Executive produced by just hilarious And I star in the film as well.


Alright, well congratulations. Thank you. Now what are you gonna do with something in New York? Next concert in New York. I got that coming. Oh, my comedy show. I got I I gotta get that on the books for New York and New Jersey. Actually, I gotta negotiate, finish negotiating those deals, but that's about to be put on the schedule for Spring. Okay. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Salute row Timmy for joining us today. Make sure you pick up his album In the Heart, in the veins. Yeah. 18 songs and My Heart in my veins Salute wrote Timmy, man, I miss the Good Brother Rot Timmy.


Man, I want to tell folks too, if you, if you saw me last night on The Daily Show, thank you. Go check it out on the Daily Show's YouTube page Right now, I just posted a clip on my Instagram, And I need y'all to know I don't wear eye makeup. I know, I know. Yes you do. No, I really don't. You do. I I know that y'all like to say that, but I don't wear eye makeup You. know what I mean? I, I'm sorry that You know I have whatever that what? What would you call that? What? What do they call that? Just when you put it around your eyes? A makeup artist. No, not a makeup artist. A concealer. Concealer. Yeah. don don't. I don't have concealer around my eyes. This is my natural look. I'm sorry. I don't know what to tell you.


We don't believe you. Well, we don't believe your beard is real. Your beard is that real color either A OAO, relax y. He ain't even had nothing to say. Touche, Touche. Leave us on a positive note, man. Listen to positive notice is this, we was talking about legacy earlier 'cause we was talking about Mike Tyson with the young sister, jazzy Salute to Jazzy, by the way, jazzy World tv. Absolutely, but the things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone. That's just the reality of the situation. That's what Mike was speaking to. The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone. But the things you do for others remain as your legacy. Have a blessed Weekend. Breakfast Club Bitches.


Y'all finish or y'all done? Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, what's up? This is Ramsey's Job, And. I. Go by the name Q Ward and we'd like you to join us each week for our show.


Civic Cipher. That's right. We discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence, and we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace and social circle. We're going to learn how to become better allies to each other. So join us each Saturday for Civic Cipher on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Welcome to Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to. We're talking mu los and all things trending in Michael Ura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artist, comedians, actors, and influencers.


Each week we get deep and wildlife stories, combos on the issues that matter to us and it's all packed with Gem Sponge straight up com and that's a song that only can sprinkle. Listen to Gracias Come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together.


So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Cast


Hello, my un deadly darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host, and do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly Good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.