
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


What's up is Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant Mind of producer, Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and ssa. Yes, you heard me right SSA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters This Friday rated art, get your tickets now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good Morning. USA. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne The guy. Peace To the Planet is Monday. Good morning. Yes. What's happening man? How y'all Feel out there? Monday? Back to the work week. What up, Jess? How was Callie? You out in California? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was actually cool. It was good, man. Con not not call Cat Williams and Monique was there at the same time I was. Oh, really? All three of us had shows. Yes. I only had one. It was cool. It was nice. And Capon actually is, is beautiful. It's a nice small little town or whatever, but it is beautiful. It was nice. I was happy to be there. Really? So that, that, that small town had those three huge comedians?


No, no. So Ontario, which is like, like 40 minutes away from Cabon, that's where Kat Williams was at. And I, I'm not sure exactly where Monique was at, but she was on my flight there in back. So she might have been in Palm Springs or somewhere, but yeah, they, they both were there and they had shows. You told Monique we said hello? No, I didn't. Okay. I said hello to her And I talked to, yeah, Why would she ever, why would Jeff do that? So random said The Breakfast Club said, what's up? We miss Her. Why would she lie like that? We didn't say that. I know. We Miss her. We always say hello. Absolutely. We always miss Monique. But how about Them Ravens though? How about them Ravens though? I thought you was a Steelers fan, but fuck No of that. Come on you. You, you switched sides. This Shit. Well, she didn't switch sides. She finally came home. No, I finally came home. I didn't switch sides. I finally came home and that's what it was. I'm tired of giving all the backstory of how I became a Steelers fan in the first place.


Anyway, Chris, Chris Must be a Raven fan too though, Chris, as he was a Rams fan. But we, we just, we sat in our house. We are totally committing to the Ravens. Okay. My son, my son is still like, nah, stay over there. But it's all good. Okay. And your son likes the Ravens. Ravens, yeah. Okay. But he knew I was a Steelers fan. So he he don't want you on his side. Yes. But y'all winning. Yeah, We, we winning. Okay. Well shout to everybody in Maryland. I was at the MGM over the weekend and had a a, a great time. One thing I I I, I noticed about the DMV area, when it snows, they, they, they, they scared of the snow. DMV. Yes. Dang. What They scared of A little bit of snow. They had it snowed again. It it snowed a little bit. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. No, it snowed little bit. It snowed a little bit. But we still had a great time salute to everybody that came out. All the HBCUs had a great time. And then Friday I was in Philly for the auto show with Lincoln Tech.


So salute to everybody I seen in Philly. What up, Charlemagne? Peace to the planet. I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here, man. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. How was Your weekend? Beautiful. I did exactly what I love doing. Not a goddamn thing. I wanted to go see Mufasa though. Mufasa was good. You like it? I enjoyed Mufasa. I personally enjoyed it. I don't like the live act. Well, this might have been the first live action film I like, like this, you know, when they do the cartoons, but they do 'em live action. Yeah. This might have been the first one I actually like, only because I didn't know the story. Okay. I think when you've seen the original cartoon and you know the story, when you see the live action, it's like, eh, but being that I didn't know the story, I enjoyed it. It Was dope. I tell you, I had a good time. That time. I enjoyed it. And the singing was great.


It was good. I Had a good, definitely he did. Scar is nothing but a old player. Hater. Hater, Emini here. I, that's, I say Hater, but how do you get to that? Like he was, because he never felt like that about Mufasa before. What you mean? Usually when somebody flips on you and, and, and, and, and, and wants to take you out in that way, it's because they already felt a way about you before. Right? That was this guy. It seemed like it was all love until That. Oh, I never thought that as an adult I would be sitting here discussing Mufasa and Scar. This is great. Yeah. His Name is not Scar was Taaka. That's why I said Taaka And I, and you realize how he got his name Scar. His name was Taaka. His name was Taaka. Yeah, he was a rapper. His Name was not Scar Was actually a, a name they gave him 'cause he was foul.


Yeah. Basically He said, I can't call you your name anymore. Yeah. I can't Like, it's like my turning my back on you. Yeah. It's like you a sucker. So Basically how he became Scar correct. Is what it's about. Yep. Correct. Got you. All right. Alright. Well today on the show, Nene Leaks and Sierra Gates will be joining us. They have a new podcast called Me and My Home Girl. We gonna be kicking in with them. That podcast actually comes out this week on the 16th. So we gonna kick it with Nene and Sierra Gates in a little bit. But let's get the show cracking. We got front page News. Morgan, what will be joining us? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news started with some quick sports. Now the Texans beat the charges. 32 12. The Ravens beat the Steelers.


28 14 the Eagles beat the Packers. 2210 Bills beat the Broncos 31 7 and the commanders beat the Buccaneers 2320. Now tonight the Rams take on the Vikings at 8:00 PM Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Envy, Charlamagne and Jesse, y'all had a good weekend? Sure did. Girl, how about the Ravens dope boo. You I know you seen that. Yes. Ha. Look at that shirt. Walk around and find out. You know What I'm saying? Well, let's get into It y'all. So in case you missed it, president-elect Trump was sentenced on Friday to an unconditional discharge in his New York hush money case. Judge, judge Juan hon announced this sentencing decision. Let's take a listen to that audio. This court has determined that the only lawful sentence that permits entry of a judgment of conviction without encroaching upon the highest office in the land is an unconditional discharge.


So that means he will go free without punishment, but his conviction still stands now. Trump was found guilty of dozens of felony count counts of falsifying business records in connection to hush money payments made to adult film star Stormy Daniels right before the 2016 election. Now this comes after multiple attempts to block sentencing. Were denied including a decision by the, the Supreme Court. Now since the sentencing classifies Trump as the first US president to become a felon, but he does plan to appeal. Now Trump criticized the case brought against him and continued to claim his innocence. Let's hear more comments from President-elect Trump. This has been a very terrible experience. I think it's been a tremendous setback for New York and the New York court system.


This is a case that Alvin Bragg did not, not wanna bring. These people are not exactly friends of mine, to put it mildly, but they all said this is a case that should have never been brought. It's an injustice of justice. What a waste of time. Emini here. What a waste of time. Pure political theater. They was never ever gonna convict a former or sitting president of nothing. And, and what was even more ridiculous was watching, you know, liberals celebrate this. Like this is not a win. Who cares if you can call him a convicted felon when you still gotta call him president for the next four years? Who cares? No, that makes sense. And I wonder how much it costs taxpayer dollars to to, to do that case. I'm Just curious you to actually process the whole thing.


Yep. Well, meanwhile, moving on. Special counsel, counsel Jack Smith. He's officially resigning from the Department of Justice, probably for those reasons, like you mentioned Charlamagne, like who cares who's actually gonna do the work? A new court filing submitted over the weekend revealed Smith separated from the department on January 10th. Smith was appointed by Attorney General Merrick Garland to take over two investigations into Donald Trump back in 20 20, 20 22. Excuse me. He recently indicated that he would resign from the Justice Department after completing his work. Of course, this comes after the recent case where Trump was found guilty of the 34 felony counts in the New York hush money case and was sentenced on the same day that Smith filed his paperwork to resign. Yep.


It's funny because a district attorney in Georgia, Fannie Willis, now she wants the, she has filed an appeal asking the Georgia Supreme Court to overturn a lower court's ruling that removed her from the case. Now last month, Georgia Court of Appeals disqualified her from prosecuting Trump and his co-defendants because of her romantic relationship with another form of prosecutor. Now, Willis argues the appeals court aired when it disqualified her err when it disqualified her from the case because only based on the appearance of a conflict of interest. Now Trump and 18 others have pled not guilty to all charges related to alleged efforts to overturn the 2020 presidential election in the state of Georgia. Continue seeking that case, yes or no?


You're just saying just cut everything off for Trump. What do you think? No, they shouldn't seek, no, they shouldn't continue to seek the case. It's a waste of time. They're not going to do anything to him. Nothing is gonna happen. Yeah. And what is gonna happen? There's nothing gonna happen. It's just, it's all political theaters foolishness. And in New York case, they said it cost $50,000 a day and that was with everything from making sure that the blocks were shut down, safety precautions, just having an amount of security and all that. And then just, you know, everything they had to do. They said that it probably cost around $2 million. I would just wanna know what's the point. Like somebody need to ask them Matt, like ask the, you know, the can't do nothing anyway, the Fannie Willis is of The World. Like what's the, what's the point? What are you trying to prove right now?


Not, not sure what he's really trying to prove, but moving on really quickly, Nebraska Republican, US Senator Deb Fisher, remember she was the one that had the husband who snubbed VP Harris with the handshake. Yes. Well, she's reacting to the CRI criticism that her husband Bruce faced regarding that. Let's hear from Deb Fisher. I know my husband uses a cane. He is not racist. He is a good guy that Nebraskans know. He held the Bible during my swearing in while he was also leaning on his cane. There's a lot of lies and horrible things that are said about us sometimes and And I expect that to happen. And I've always said it's worse on our families when things like that are said and yeah, now I know what that feels like.


Yeah. Well, any thoughts you guys? No. Okay. Well no Emini here. She's supposed to say our husband. Not racist though. Emini here. Okay. Right. And I was gonna say you, you a senator. She's elected to her third term, so, you know, here we go. Emini here. It's, she's a long party now, so things should get a little easier for her I Guess. What is, what is Senator the death supposed to see here? My husband don't F for her, you know what I'm saying? No, she's not gonna say that. Yeah, Well she had a response so I wanted to share. But that's your front page news at 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We'll check in on what's going on with the fires in California. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines or wide open, let us know how your weekend was, what you did and all that good stuff. Again.


(800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, SHA Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a Outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now Here. Tell you what, it's We Live. Hello? Who's this? This is Nadine. Hey Nadine. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Where you calling from first? I am calling from Dallas Access. Okay, Dallas. What's up mama? I wrote a book, it's called How to Date A Fat Chick. A Fat Girl's Died of Dating And I was so grateful you guys take it up and read it.


How to Date A Fat Chick? Yes, A Fat Girl's died. Is it a heavy read? Is it thick? Like how many pages is it? Oh, I'm just asking like how many pages is it? It's not that, it's not that that big. It's like 116 pages, but it's a one day read. But it's a great story about my big life. About your what? My dating life. Oh, you a big girl. A duh don duh ass. She might not be big no more. This might be her past life she writing about. So it was hard. It was hard for You to date. No, it's a satirical look at my dating life. It's just the things that I went through and the lessons that I learned along the way. Okay, no, I'd love to read that.


I had a, I had a home girl who wrote something like that before it was called Dating While Fat. Oh wow. Oh well yeah, it's on Amazon. So it's, it's by Nadine Jones, which is me. And again, how to date, fact a factor of fact dating. Okay, What category is it in? Food Home. Jesus. What is it? Like what category is it home? It's not how to, it should be how to, right. I'm asking, I think, I Don't know what categories it's, but it's, it's such a, it's comedy I think satirical. So just, you know, just type it in your finance. What's it called again? How to Date a Fact? Check Fat. So if a guy takes you out to eat, do you limit the food that you have? So you don't look big? You gotta read The the book. You right.


I'm sorry it came up as a cookbook. You No, it didn't Shut up. No, I'm lying. No How to Date A Fat Chick by Na Background Guide to Dating by Nadine Jones. Alright, I like the cover. I like the, I like that. It looks like a, what do you call that? A Cosmo. A cosmo. What do you call that book? A book A notebook. But yeah, a cos whatever that Is. Yeah, I I like that. Composition. Composition. There you go. There We go. Well you have a good one nad. Thank you. You too. Good luck. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Is it your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk.


I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello? Who's this? What's up man? This is low calling out. 8 4 3 Low. What's up man? 8, 4, 3. What part of 8, 4, 3 you calling from? Hey Steve, you know how it is. You already know that's right there by Monks Corner. I Already know what's going on. What's up? You know it. Get it off your chest. Fuck Man. Listen man, I got a question. How do y'all feel about, you know what Emini here, the teachers, they don't want their having their phones in school, but Emini here, I feel as though until they can keep our school safe, that shouldn't really be a thing. You know what Emini here, they basically saying it's safe until it ain't. So we basically waiting for something to happen for it to be a real discussion.


Nah, I Emini here. I I want my kids to have their phones in school. They can't use their phones in school, but they're allowed to have it in their laptop or Their backpack. Right. I I totally against like if Right, if Emini here using them during school time, what? That's cool. But Emini here, you know what Emini here, they should at least have 'em on because you, like I say, you never know. Nobody plans on something happening that school. You know what, Emini here. Yeah, no, absolutely. Yeah. My kids will always have their phones on 'em. Especially if, if they take, you know what, whether somebody's picking 'em up from school or, or whatever happens in the school, I want them to have their phone. So my kids have it in their backpack. The the the ringer has to be off, but they got their, their phones just in case, like you said. Yeah, I Don't, I don't have a problem with kids having phones in school. It's not, you can't use 'em in the classroom. That's all correct. Can't use 'em at all during school time. Right. But Right now, but now this year Emini here, they, they can't have 'em, they can't have 'em even damn near only person Emini here.


They gotta have them in this bag. You know, they cut the signal off Emini here. It's, it's crazy. And like I said, if something happens, you, you, you really don't know until the school lets, you know. Right. Yeah. I had an incident on by then. Sometimes it's too late. You No, you're right. I had an incident a couple of years ago where there was an active shooter on, on one of my, on Logan's actual middle, middle school. And the school let us know 15 minutes after Logan did you know what Emini here, so Yeah, you're absolutely right. Right. I would love to know before, 'cause the school's gonna make sure they, they, they, they cover up and handle their business first. So you Right. Well, well, phones are a huge distraction. So I can understand schools, you know, not wanting kids to use their phones unless it's an emergency. Yeah. They can't use it but to have it on them. And I, I'm not, I'm not, I I'm cool with with that.


There's just too much going On these days. Like Yeah, it's just too much. I don't even think it should be in the locker. I don't know. Put it in your desk. It's something Put in your back. Too much going on. I'm with you. Hello. Who's this? Hi, my name is Lisa. Hey Lisa. Good morning. Where you calling from? I'm calling from Jersey, Bergen County. Bergen County. All right Mama, get it off your chest. Well, I wanna get off my chest is that I'm, I'm scared and I'm saving in life and I'm scared for my kids. And I feel so sorry that I put my family and my kids through pain and bringing them pain because when my husband died, kids 10 years ago, I didn't get them the help that they need.


We are all suffering from depression, anxiety, loss, and grief. And it's, it's been hard because nobody's coming. Everybody who loves me is in the ground. Besides my three children. I don't have a family. The family that I had is currently grudged and upset and making a reason to put me and my family out on the street after 28 years. And I had advised to my husband that I would take care of his family and they bowed the same. But instead of that Emini here, two days I'm going to be sitting on the street because of hate, because of, there's so many layers here, I can't even explain it.


But I need to save my family. And I feel so bad And I apologize to my family because I love them and I'm afraid that I have not prepared them. They are good kids. My children have never caused me any trouble and I'm getting off my chest that life is not always there and you can't expect someone to do what you would do. But if you make a promise, you expect it to be kept. And I didn't expect that I was be on the street. I was so afraid of failing my family that I failed And I feel very guilty And I just need help. I would like to see if maybe Dr. Elliot, I could get in touch, but I need to save my family and my chest is savvy and my soul is happy.


And God allowed me to get through to you today because you know how many times I called The Breakfast Club over the last 14 years, which the random, it never got through. And I got through today for a reason. You right. Because I need life changing help And I need to save my family. I was definitely gonna recommend that you talk to somebody. So I'm glad that you brought up Dr. Elliot. Connie. So we, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna put you on hold. I'm gonna get you in touch with him. Okay? Listen, I have been your fan since the day I heard your voice. Okay? I always have. All right. And I found all of you and I've been there and I'm a long time business, always been there. So thank you And I appreciate you. Hold on one second.


Saved my family in my life. Yeah, I'ma get, hold on. Okay, Eddie. Eddie, our producer's gonna get your email and I'm gonna connect you with Dr. Elliot Con. She's on line three Man people really going through things man. There's a lot going on. Absolutely. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Lala. What's up Lala Carolina. Hey Lala. What's happening? What is up? What part of South Carolina are you calling from? Greenville. Okay. Upstate. What's going on? Yes. 8, 6, 4. I just wanted to call and say, today is January the 13th. So I wanted to give a shout out to all of my sorors from Delta Sigma Theta sorority, incorporated on 112 years. Yay. Of sisterhood, scholarship service, and social action.


So All of My Salute to all the Deltas out there. Hi. Thank you guys. You Have a good one. You Too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up now. We got just what the mess coming up. What we talking about. All right. Y'all know last week we was talking about Lean Angelo Ball G three. You will never, never guess what this thing, what this man's song did for him. Okay, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the God we are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess. News is real hilarious. Just Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't she don't spell nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Batman on The Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see This. It's time to Shut it door. All right, so G three, we gotta get outta the habit of calling this man Lean Angelo Ball. 'cause he not only known for the balling no more like a rapper, a real artist. He's A rapper now. He's a rapper, now official rapper because he just got a big deal. Y'all. This song off the movement, the movement of this song, Def Jam has signed this man. So drop a clue bomb for that. 'cause that's huge. I heard that last week. I didn't know if it was completely true though.


Completely. Yeah, but you what What you actually said that I, I don't know if it was you or Envy that said it, but y'all actually week made the little predictions like, yo, he somebody gonna sign him. Yeah, no, They Sign. No, I I heard that. That's why I said like I heard he was signed, but I didn't know if it was true. No, it's official. He's been signed. And guess how much the deal is for Y'all wanna throw out? Y'all wanna throw some numbers out there? I Heard it was seven, It's 8 million. That's crazy. $8 million off this nice hook. That's crazy. It's, it's slowly becoming the face of sports though. You had That's crazy Vibing to it on inside Damian. That's a Lot of money. Yeah. For About, about to be providing a lot of false hope to a lot of artists now that Excited though y'all what you mean? Yeah, definitely. I'm a super duper excited when they call me over the weekend. But IWI would say this, I wonder how many times that record has to stream and how many times that they have to be able to use that in songs, commercials and all that for them to make that $8 million back or you know, what's his name?


G three. G three. G three might have a catalog we don't know about man. Man you might have a, a bunch of them but stuff in the Yeah, that seems like a lot of money though. Yeah. I'm not mad at him getting his money. It just feel a, a little early. But I guess you gotta jump on it early. But the, you're throwing $8 million on something very, very early that may or may not have lakes. Yeah. Yeah. It might though. Emini here. I think that they're paying attention to the Social media. Yeah. Chasing Record. And then also all the artists that are so excited to jump on the remix. What happens After that record though? He has to have more, more music. Yeah. You know what Emini here maybe are Are even this record, does this record have legs? Has it even charted yet? No, I don don't think it showed it yet. I'm sure. I don't think it's showed it yet Though. We'll get that answer. But nah, Emini here. Look they excited. Let's be excited with him until prove I'm Emini here.


I'm happy to, I'm happy the brother got his money, you know, but I'm just curious as a business standpoint, how many times does it have to play a stream for them to make that money back? Yeah. And it's a lot of pressure on that young brother. $8 million. Now you gotta come with some more hot fire. Not really. He can make all the money back off that one record. Okay. If Def Jam does what it's supposed to do All, well hopefully he, he can bring back the 2K era of music Emini here. Y'all not using those perks for Drake no more. So you might as well give him to Angelo Ball. You pay the radio stations and just playlist and everybody else or whatever else. Great segue because we going right into Drake. All right, pause academics on the LeBron and Drake thing. So over the weekend academics always stick in his mouth or something getting in the middle of things.


That's what he do and he would not let the tension rest. All right, so a little bit background. Remember Drake dropped the fight in Irish freestyle, right? Where he took shots at LeBron and then the freestyle he mentioned tarnishing someone's image. So fans automatically just went to Drake dropping some receipts on LeBron cheating or whatever. Right now fast forward ad cops on the stream to give more details about what he allegedly knows about LeBron being unfaithful. News flash for LeBron. Yo, LeBron, I talked to enough in Canada, I've talked to enough people. Maybe Drake will keep teasing it. Let me just tell you what I've heard. Yo, LeBron, you and Drake used to go on two mans, okay? You've been cheating on your goddamn wife. Drake used to facilitate the whole and basically you can't dance to a song about him being a pedophile.


He used to supply you with the bitch. I'm sorry, my yes if I'm drinking, I snitch on you too. Sorry buddy. You can't do that. No. You've been living a lie and everybody been thinking you're this perfect guy. When you come to Canada, you know, you you, you come to certain places. I'm supplying you with the white women you love. You don't even like black chick white women. So when I bring the tings and I'm hooking you up, when Kendrick drops a song, say certified lover boy Certified pedal, you're the the first one. You say, whoa, me and Drake done this. Some two mans, he ain't never bring no underage girl. What the fuck is you talking about? Yo, It is little fat ass be jumping out there like full throttle. He don't even care. Like now granted all this is alleged and the people wasn't feeling that at all.


Act was actually being dragged for being the person in the middle. Now the other thing is act reported last week that Drake confirmed to him that those dms posted about a stylist, Chris Griffith, Blake, the, I reported this like last week. Yep. Remember he said they was, they was allegedly alluded to LeBron and cheating and they said the ex act said that he talked to Drake and they were fake or whatever.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing, it's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


WhatsApp is an Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant mind of producer Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo. Kiki Palmer and sza. Yes, you heard me right? SS a on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday rated art, get your tickets now.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Right? But he actually spoke to the guy, Chris posted a screen recorded a screen recorded proving that he spoke to Drake. So he basically posted right he screen recorded him going to Drake's page and going to messages showing that that is messages dms between him and Drake's official account. Right? And so when ACT saw that he put, he put great bbl man this man got like four first names but the nigga's actually from Baltimore, he put him on the stream and that's what he had to say. Don't let him lie to you like that. You a credible source. You a you a you the hot beat to the industry. You see what I'm saying? Okay. Your whole brand is built on credibility. You right, you gotta tell the truth, you gotta deliver the truth. Nobody Who's asking me, it does put me in a bind and a pickle because I'm gonna be honest with you.


Normally when I speak to Drake And I ask him a question and a direct question, answer problem, if answer don't answer. But if he does answer, I do expect that, you know, I'm glad you tell me the truth. And he was just like, he's like, bro, if I ever lied to you And I was like, I don't know. And I said out and he was just like, when? And I couldn't point a point to something. Maybe this is it, maybe this is he's The first. Yeah, the nigga Chris. Like what I gotta lie for. So act he posted that. That's what he hopped on the thing to say. But yeah, act is he got a big platform. So if you, you, you don't know something yo, you gotta make sure you gotta check the facts. That's a hell of an accusation to make about LeBron James act. And my question would be why? Like what is the reason to go this hard for Drake?


I need to know why because when Acts says things like that, he's making himself liable. What if LeBron sues you? Is Drake gonna cover your lawyer fees? He probably telling them he will do that. It is got I like, I wanna know what's Drake's rib the act? That's what I want to know. What is Drake tell the act that's putting the battery and act back to make him wanna jump out the window like This? Well not only that for for a and and the brother you said his name is Chris, right? Chris? Yeah. Brother Chris is it is like, well when you get in somebody's personal life and personal business, why do you go that far? Like, you know, say he's a trash player, say he's a trash rapper. Say you don't like his hairline, say you know, whatever you wanna say about that man personally. But when you start adding his family into that fold man Yeah that's when that's when stuff gets nasty.


Like what Charlamagne said. Unless they got proof. Unless they got proof. Whether it is true or not, if you ain't got proof. Yeah I know LeBron got some money to prove of some Noise. Exactly. I know, I know, I know. You get on your chat and you want to entertain people or you might even want to come to the defensive Drake, but you gotta think about what you're doing. You're talking about somebody's family, you talking about somebody's wife, you're saying things that could potentially cause him to get a divorce, which potentially is gonna cost him a whole hell of a lot of money. You think somebody not gonna go to the mat to defend that? What? He gotta go, like you said he gotta go home and deal with that now. Yes, I'm putting everything behind. This could be big bang take a little Bit. You gotta think about that before you, you know, after you hang up with Drake and Drake's feeding you certain things, you can't just get on your chat and say anything.


You gotta think about what you got to protect And if Drake is feeding him, Of course Drake's feeding him. Why Drake don't say it. You know what Emini here like alright, you say it. Well Drake alluded to it. Drake. Drake said I want to tarnish your public image on the fight nis. Then he said that thing in the DM in that thing. Yeah. Yeah. He said the thing in the DM about this is like Nike with Chris. Yeah, yeah. Nike Ising on their own client. Yeah. Yes. And Then then he, he said something about cheating On His Wife in the DM with Chris. Yeah, Right. Absolutely. Drake know what he doing. Yeah, he do. And Annie, Annie he setting act up for a dummy mission. I Was raised to say he use an act 'cause all that a lot of that will fall on yo not not back on D Drake. That's right. That's just what the mess. Alright, thank you Jess. Now when we come back we got front page news with Morgan and Nene Leaks and Sierra Gates will be joining us.


They got a new podcast. It's called me and My Home Girl. We gonna talk to them in a few. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. The Texans beat the charges over the weekend. Ravens beat the Steelers. Eagles beat the Packers, the Bills beat the Broncos and the commanders beat the Buccaneers. And tonight the Rams take on the Vikings at 8:00 PM Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Envy. Charlemagne and Jess. Yes, remember that the Rams game was moved as a result of those California wildfires. It is now in Glendale, Arizona. That game will be played in Arizona as a result of those fires.


Now the number of fatalities being investigated as fire related from the wildfires in LA has risen to 24. Very devastating. The toll is including 16 from the Eaton fire. Eight from Connected eight connected to the Palisades fire in LA. And the numbers come from the LA Department of Medical Examiner. Crews are starting to make progress in the deadly Southern California fires. President Biden and Vice President Harris held a press conference with California officials in the Oval Office last week saying the recovery process will be long. Let's hear from Vice President Harris and President Biden. Truly unprecedented. And but day after day, these firefighters been 20, 24 hour shifts rushing the flames with hurricane force winds as well, the rescue people to evacuate neighborhoods and put these fires out.


What we have been witnessing is truly mass devastation. And whether we are talking about smar to Palade to Altadena, it's important to know that we're talking about neighborhoods people. Yeah. Speaking of her neighborhood, VP Harris's neighborhood, LAPD confirms that two people were detained at the Brentwood home of Harris. Officials told KTLA, they were detained during curfew hours on Saturday, police received a report and a potential burglary on the vice president's property. And that's when police arrived. And now police say the two were released after they found no evidence of a crime. But few other details have been released.


Now of course all of this comes as California Gavin, California Governor Gavin Newsom says he wants to fast track efforts to rebuild after the fires. He told NBC news, NBC's meet the press. He's issuing an executive order that aims to remove some of the obstacles faced by residents hoping to quickly rebuild their homes. Now this will reportedly involving, will reportedly involve, excuse me, suspending some of the laws aimed at protecting the local environment. So I'm not sure that that's necessarily the right direction to go because you know, Rapid fire, I, I heard that the other, I heard that the other day And I was thinking to myself, they're gonna have to build fast. But if they don't have, you know, the ability to check for permits, how good are those houses going to be? Are they gonna be able to cut corners?


You know, are they still gonna get the, the proper structures where people can actually live? Right? Are they gonna be cutting corners to get these houses up fast and to make money? I just that, you know, that scares me a little bit. Lie, Why would you even wanna rebuild there if insurance companies aren't gonna cover you? Like why would facts All, why would you wanna rebuild all of those? All of the questions that do need answers now. Meanwhile, vice president elect JD Vance, he's pushing back against claims. The Trump administration will withhold disaster relief from California following January's deadly wildfires. Keeping in mind that you guys, he's gonna be in office in just a few, a matter of days. And so this will be one of the first things that he's probably going to have to handle. Now, appearing on Fox News Sunday, Vance said Poor governance is the big reason for the fires and why they were so destructive in LA.


And he promised the upcoming administration will prioritize disaster response. Let's hear more from Vice President-elect JD Vance Emini Here. Some of these reservoirs have been dry for 15, 20 years. The fire hydrants are being reported as going dry while the fire fighters are trying to put out these fires. There is a serious lack of competent governance in California. And I think it's part of the reason why these fires have gotten so bad. We need to do a better job at both the state and federal level. And I do think frankly the federal government has to do a better job. President Trump is committed to doing a better job when it comes to disaster relief. That's true for the hurricane victims and flood victims in North Carolina. It's true for the fire victims in California.


Now he added that Trump would like to visit the area to survey the devastation. And in response to California Governor Gavin Newsom's recent invitation, now FEMA administration DN Criswell, she addressed the issue of the water fire, the hydrants and you know, the pressure and all of the, the speculation around that. Now during a White House press briefing, she spoke further about the pressure of the water and the fire hydrants and also about the aftermath of those impacted. Let's hear from FEMA administrator Deanne Criswell. What I have been briefed is that it was an overload of the system, right? There were so many simultaneous fires that happened at once. There was multiple firefighting resources that were utilizing and, and putting, using the water system to put out these fires.


And it put a strain on the system. We know that everybody's gonna have an individual and unique need and they need to contact their insurance company. 'cause their insurance company may also provide alternate living expenses. I'll be honest with you, I can't see how the insurance company's gonna be playing, paying all these claims and on top of paying those claims, paying for people to stay. And that's gonna be a lot of money. And I also see that they're saying that a lot of the people that have Airbnbs or renting out their properties or, or doubling the prices and tripling the prices, I, I just don't see how this could happen without a huge government assistance and not just to clean up, like to help these insurance companies and help these people. If not, it's gonna get worse and worse and worse. Yeah, I was reading this article this weekend in the Wall Street Journal and the, the headline was California's Wildfire Insurance Catastrophe.


And it talked about how the state has refused to let insurers do proper pricing for risk and Emini here. That's just a mistake that homeowners and taxpayers are gonna pay for. It's really, it's really just that simple. Yeah. So to your point, Charlamagne and Envy Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bassey, she is urging residents to report illegal price gouging at the wake of the wildfires. Now California law prohibits excessive and unjustified price increases for essential goods and services during the state of an emergency. So yeah. So we'll continue to pray for those in LA and continue to watch what happens in the aftermath of those wildfires and hopefully that they can continue to be contained. 'cause there is some minimal containment around some of those fires, but they are expecting some of the, the weather to impact that in a negative way as the week goes on.


Yeah, they're supposed to go to LA this week and they, they like no, that this is not the No, that makes no sense. Not the time to go. I was supposed to be doing a a, a show on Friday. They're like Nope. Oh wow. All right. Well bringing things home to New York for you guys. A business man with the links to both New York City Mayor Eric Adams and the Nation of Turkey. He is pleading guilty. Erden Arkan whose Brooklyn based construction company has ties to Turkey pleaded guilty on Friday to federal charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud that fraud pro prosecutors say involved Acan giving $1,250 a piece to 10 of his employees to donate to Adam's campaign. Those amounts are small enough to qualify for public matching funds.


Arkan could testify against the mayor whose Federal Bribery trial. Trial is set to begin in April. So we'll continue to watch what happens with that. But other than that, guys, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Alright, thank you Morgan. Winners. Now when we come back, ne need leaks and Sierra Gates will be joining us. They're launching a new podcast this week. It's called Me and My Home Girl. And we gonna talk to them next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Aria, Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the Building. They in here talking crazy. They got a new Podcast. Me and my home girl. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Nene Leaks and Sierra Gates. Welcome Girl. Well good morning to both of you. Good morning. Good morning. So we gotta talk this podcast. How did you get together to do this podcast? Oh, I found this girl somewhere. Yeah, I'm just kidding. You found it somewhere. We Really did. We really kind of found each other. We really Did. I think people don't know that Sierra And I have been friends for a very long time. I don't think we've ever posted a kitchen together. Have we? Never? Nope. I Don't think we've ever posted Real friends Are Housewives friends because Y'all go Housewives everyday Y Housewives. She claims she haven't even watch Housewives. Which I know she lying. No, I have never heard Seen an episode of Housewives before in my, I don't Watch tv.


I don, I don't, I don't believe that I don Black. You've seen the episode of Real Housewives And I have seen clips on Instagram and stuff. Okay. But I have never watched it. But I always just loved Nene. Like she's a cuny. Like I just love her. So What did you see that you love from ne I love Sierra. She just, I don't know, she just was always laugh Emini here I'm her. That's not even A course. No. I'm trying to get her to admit she watched Love and Hip Emini here. Real housewife. Exactly. You see what I course she You what I said, I said I like Leni because she was loud and just like pretty I am not loud and glam you N you Said I'm not loud. Loud as the weed. Somebody got in this room right now. Somebody got it on him right now. Not loud. Please don't try to act like I'm loud. I am not loud.


No, not like a ghetto loud. But you are because you guys are My ghe loud. No, like a ghetto Loud Ghe Loud. No wait, we're just Ghet ghetto. We a little ratchet. But you're loud though. The love of hip hop. It's nothing Mama being loud. That's your personality. That's your personality. If anybody was gonna be on my side, I thought it would've been you. No. She just as Loud ain't loud. You just louder than them. Yeah, you are. Because they all love, they are low voice people. You the est person. Yeah. And you got a big personality. Big cut It out. Hollywood. What's wrong with N this morning? Yes. How do you think you made all these coins all these years.


Exactly. I thought I had a smile. I made coins. Oh, next thing. Where's the money? Girl. Crazy. No, but Sierra, I, I always love Sierra. I will watch her promote her businesses online all the time. I said, this girl is really somebody. Oh, So you don't watch Love hip hop either. You didn't watch love. I did watch Her. No, She did. I said Okay. And I loved her way back in the day when you were married to the other guy. 'cause you know she loves to get married. Jesus, The other guy. And And I, I Love for that. I was married to my first husband who I was with for 10 years. And that was right. That was, that was, I was just watching that over the weekend And I liked her from that.


And I love that she was a single mom. I was a single mom also by myself. Yeah. So I love that about her. And you a Hustler. No you are. Yes. She. And then when we actually got, well how we met is we kept bumping into each other and we were by ourselves every time we seen each other at the bar, we seen each other at the nail salon. We just kept seeing each other. And we was always by by ourselves. I said I'd be by myself. She was like, me too. And we was just like, let's be friends. And honestly us growing to be friends, it was kind of just like, it was little by little. 'cause we both the same, we don't like to do too much. I think people don't realize that they, like they said, you have a, I have a big personality. They don't understand. I'm kind of by myself. You by Yourself a Lot. I'm really like a loner. She, I do a lot of things by myself.


She traveled by herself. I traveled by myself. Yeah. I could Never like she understand. So how you end up doing a podcast with you and your homegirl if you like being by yourself so much Because we were running into each other. Being by herself. She would be by herself, I'll be by myself. We both the kind lover girls we kinda loved to be be like, what I, okay. You know, more with our guy than I love my girls. I'm a girl's girl. Yeah. But I like being with my guy. I like being by myself. Yeah. I'm okay with all of those things. A lot of people don't know how much we have. Like we have so much in common. It's almost crazy sometimes when I'm talking to her, I feel like I'm talking to myself, like down to the family, down to how like we real picky about our gl. Like, we love, we glam girls, we shave every day.


Like we love per like, for real. We feel a snuggle. We shave like we just like the hair grown That much. Emini here. Jesus. Every other day, whatever. We like to just, we like to gro, we like to groom. We like to Aren't You married? You married now, right here. Yeah. My husband Right now, of course Alone. That's my best friend. No, I'm saying I don't, I I be by myself. Like I don't hang with a lot of women. That makes sense. Got you. Got gotcha. But I, I be with my man, like my man don't see Her And I get a Man. Especially this one. But you know what, I wasn't, I wasn't as clingy with my, in my other relationships. You wasn't? No, I was not. I not, I don I don't know. I don I didn't hang with them like that. Like I was, you didn't, almost never with them.


But with, with Zay, it is bad. Like I be like, please come with me. Come with me, come with me. So how long y'all been together? Because this, this happened this day fast. I'm like, hold up. Yeah. We've been, he's, he's, well, he's my old best friend. Ex close friend's brother. So we grew up together. We've been on each other since we was kids. Gotcha. And actually throughout all my relationship. But he was on You for a long time. He just didn't say it yet. Waiting. He was just waiting slip. He was just waiting for, for that slip Up. Me and Shooter had a conversation. A couple shooter. Yeah. A couple months ago. That was the first husband. That was my first husband. Come on, stay up. Charla. Yeah. Come on, come on, come on. And so he mentioned, he was like, do you remember that you, you, you talked about Zay, like you you told me about him. And I was like, 17. Then he was like, you remember Zay was bothering you when you was in a relationship with me?


And I was like, eh. Yeah. I remember. So every relationship I was in, he was always there. He was right there. So how did they slide back in? Was it Hey, big head on dm? Right. Hey, big head Did too. I was cussing my ex out and he kind of, Hey bighead me. Yeah. And then I'm like, boy. But it's always, this is my friend's brother. So it's like, okay. Bza. And you also had a, a health scare after a tattoo. Yeah, I did. It was real scary. Everything okay with that? Yeah. What happened with it? I think, I wish I could've seen it. 'cause it's from the bottom of my, from the bottom of the, my leg to the, all the way to the top. And I, something that should have took me a year. I did it in a day and my body, just after the numbing cream wore off, shouts out to my son because it works really good.


It allowed me to get 20 hours worth of tattooing. And I didn't feel nothing. But when my, when my 20 hours. Yep. Girl. But when my tattoo girl, I love tattoos, but when, but when my body like woke up, it was just like, no, this is not right. What are you doing? And then that's, you know, when it it, it shot back at me. Which you're okay for sure. Now I'm okay. Yeah. Got it. Now I am kind of scared to get some old tattoos. I'm getting at. Well You just don't do a 20 hour session. That's crazy. Yeah. That was Crazy. That was Emini here. We stopped a little bit, but yeah. And Nini, you got a show about love coming, right? So is it like you trying to find a man, like for the love of Nene or Oh, no, no, no. Nini is not trying to find the love of Nini honey. Okay. No, I'm actually hooking other people up.


Oh, okay, okay, okay. But yeah, I would like to get hooked up. Which, who? Y'all know. I thought you had a boo. I thought you had some African man. Why is There always some African man? I don dunno as ne Stop. Of course MNE love her African. Do I love her African Man. I, I hope you marry a, like that's gonna be your Girl. You are funny. Would you? He was up here with, what was the brother name? That was it. Will you be That was a tall African trying to get you a truck. He was, he was gonna send us suits. Remember he send us some suits. Bunch of owls.


Now. Everybody All, we got more with Nene Leaks and Sierra Gates. When we come back, they have their new podcast. Me and my home girl. It premiers on the 16th of this month. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's D ej nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Nene Leaks and Sierra Gates. They have a new podcast launching this week. Me and my home girl. Jess, let Me ask you. So who can we expect on me and my home girl? 'cause it seem like y'all talk about a lot in private. Y ain't talking about Up here. What, what, What can we expect? No. So from our podcast, one of the things that Sierra And I kind of pride ourselves on is being just really real and very vocal, raw and, and talking about any and everything.


So we don't wanna be one of those podcasts where you're just interviewing people all the time. Yeah. We wanna talk about everything from pop culture to love, relationship, politics, nothing's off limits. We'd love to do some interviews, but we don't want that to just be our focus. We're out trying to get people to interview. Yeah. We wanna do everything and talk about any and everything. And I think the, one of the things, one of the reasons why people will really love our podcast is because we just keep it real. We just be ourselves and just talk about whatever. I'm an open book. Yeah. You guys literally can ask me anything. Now whether I answer or not, that's another story. Yeah. But I am truly an open book. I can talk about anything. We talk about plastic surgery 'cause so many people accuse us of having plastic surgery.


We talk about any and everything. Love sex. Yeah. Nothing's all been people. People have been with you about that a lot lately. Mnie. I don't, yeah. People talk To me a lot about plastic surgery and filters. Yeah, filters. I've heard the filter thing. So I get this all the time. I am a walking filter. That's What People need to really understand. Yeah. One and two, I believe everybody that talks about plastic surgery, they could have plastic Surgery. They want For sure. I've never had a face lift. Never. I've never had had a knife to my face. Me neither. Never. You sitting here looking at me, aren't you? Yeah. Okay. When you have a face look, you be cut off Behind you. Yes you can actually. I know That kind of stuff. Of course I've had my, my boobs done. I've had liposuction, I do things.


Fillers. Yes. To nip and tuck fillers. Botox, why not? Yeah. Emini here. I have the money to do it. I'm in the public eye. I wanna look great. So why not do it? My man or the man I've dated haven't had a problem. So do you. So do you have the man or not? I Emini here. I not sad. African Men don't like her. Do not put this on African men. First of all, I am not a woman that I was with an American man for 25 years. That's right. That's right. Okay. So I happen to have dated an African guy. He's the first African guy I've ever dated before. I do like Africans. They do tend to, I do like So crazy at sound like now, like I do play African Emini here.


I Do like African men, but he's the first African guy I've ever dated and never been in a relationship with. I love their culture. I do like them. They tend to date women a lot larger than I am, you know, with all of these things. You know. You said they don't like women with surgery. Well they take women with huge butts and stuff like that. And I don't have a huge As and all of that. That's nice. As far as, oh yeah, no, no. I got a nice ass. Now we gonna make sure of that now. Okay. But as far as surgery is concerned, yes. If I need anything, I will 100 go and get it. Well Sierra, you found how many times you been in the place? Sierra can find a man in every five seconds. Like she, I can't Do this but you. No, let's and let's stop y'all.


She hates when somebody said No, listen. No, but listen, but listen to this. Listen to this. First of all, the second one only lasts like six months. And I was, I And I And I You can't be Acting discount. I'm not gonna Discount it. I don we we weren't together. That wasn't real. You love Fasting. You love faster. Yes. I, I do Emini here. I'm a lover girl. I love, love. But I will say just because I've openly had these relationships, I can count on one in one more hand. How many guys I ever, one more. How many guys I ever Sex?


How, how many, how many girls could actually say that they did that? Like for real? Just being honest. I was, I I can say And I don't, I can say on Yeah because, and it is like, because, oh, because I live my life out loud. I'm on t on television. Oh, you, oh you go to man, I, no, I don't. I I've had sex with less than I I know a billion girls that done f way more than me guys. You know what I'm saying? I'm saying treat a man that's judging me. Definitely are a lover girl. I'm a lover girl. That's a great percentage. A lover girl. I'm A love girl. If you had sex With six guys and three of them married you, that's actually fantastic. Yeah. That's why I said she's just no man And I that and then honestly, And I, And I am a open book. I talk about everything Jess, you know that I don't hide nothing.


I talk about my lips, I talk about my butt shots. I talk about I I'm a open book because I always say that my testimony 'cause save somebody. That's right. Yeah. So it's okay. I did. But I want people, and I'm saying this, But are you offended when peaceful people Say, no, I'm not ve been married. Three, I'm not offended about that because that's my life and that's my truth. So I'm never offended. But what I am offended by 'cause it's, it's just like the narrative I go from, I'm with man after man after man. No, I don. That's not, don't, no, I'm not, I don't view the World though. They'll do that to me, they don't Feel that way. They Critic Feel like, you know, you can, you really are like guys like you. You get a man quick Emini here guys are Like, lemme ask you a question if, if your husband loves you the way you are, would you still wanna do whatever?


But more but shy to no more fellas because he like, he like, he loves you how you are. So he's like, don't do nothing no more. Good. I did that. I did well. I love my lips. I do that. I did that for me. Everything I did, I did for me. I don't care what my husband said, I did that for me. You for Answer me. But Yeah, because I was married three times. Yeah. But I did that for me. But now I would, when I got my butt shots, I was like 17, 18 years old. I would love to get them taken out. I talk about it. I am advocate telling young girls, what Did your mama say? She said it was okay. I mo I I left home when I was 16. Okay. I ain't seen my mama house since I was 16 years old. I was just curious. She your last wedding either She wasn't at my last wedding. Me and my mom has. That's my girl. My mom is an amazing woman.


She's always been a hustler. I watch her in and outta jail my whole life trying to take care of me. Stealing whatever she gotta do to take care of her girls. She love her girls. But it's just, you know, family sometimes Wanna come to the wedding Because the last, we just got into it. Remember the whole happy with the sisters on the Instagram. Oh you and your Sister are still. Yeah, I just decided to fix my relationship with my mom. 'cause that's my mom. You only get one. But my sisters, they I'm you dead. They're not dead to me. I'm just, you know, you Just taking a step back, Taking a step back. Like a big ass step back. Nina, you in the public eye crazy. Everybody ask the same question all the time. 1,000,001 time and what is that? Bring her back please. And Real Housewives, would you come back?


Did you make up when Andy Cohen, is that a possibility? Are y'all in meetings, conversations, thoughts, anything? Well, we're not in meetings. We did settle our dispute with each other. I don't know if I'll go back to Housewives. I don't know what that looks like for me. But I won't say never if they got a check that's got 0, 0, 0, 0, 0 on the end, you know, I might be back. I don't know. I don't know You Andy. Cool. Now y'all speak now? Now I haven't spoken to him. No, but I'm not against speaking to him but I haven't spoken to him. It'd be a no brainer. Emini here. I know you get this all the time. I do. It's kind of ridiculous that they haven't asked me come back yet. Do You miss it though? And the franchise is struggling? You know, I do miss the trips.


Absolutely. I do miss the check. I don't miss the arguments And I felt like if I was there they would have to put certain girls around. Like all of those girls that are there now. I don't even know who they are. Yeah, We don't either. I thought it's a lot. Alright, we got more with Sierra and Nene Leaks when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. DJ Envy, Jess, Larry Charlemagne, the God. Now we're kicking it with Nini Leaks and Sierra Gs the new podcast. Me and my home girl premieres this week. Charlemagne, Is it true you ran into Kenya Moore at the Airport? I did. How was it? So Kenya And I had been texting anyway, like when she went through this whole thing.


Whatever happened with her exiting the show, we text a few times. I was in London celebrating my birthday. She was there. We text, we were gonna try to have tea but we couldn't. And just so happened we bumped into each other in the airport. And so we are cool. I'm cool with all of those girls. I don't have an issue. You know when you are on the show, the show kind of picked you up against each other. But I don't have an issue with any of the girls. No one. Not anybody. Did You say anything to Candy? Because I know, I know she was praising your looks, but then she also said you need to lay off the filler. So did you shoulda the Candy and said something? No, we talked in the airport. First of all, I told her that they said, I think her and Candy were saying let's give Nene, you know, her props or or something. That was first like you don't give people, they props and then throw shade trees, honey.


Yeah. And then she said what I was talking about the filter. Well honey, you use filters too. I don't know anybody that's posting their pictures without a filter. Most women are posting their pictures with a filter and they're cleaning up their picture. Now if you look absolutely different in person than your picture on Instagram, now that's another story. Wouldn't you say? Absolutely. That's a different story. But that's not what's happening over, over you. You don't I use a filter And I am the filter. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. Okay. Can you, okay, Kenya. Okay, because these girls need to use filters too. Yeah, yeah. I see them in the airport. I see girls on Instagram, they look great on Instagram.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced track in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Peace of the planet. Charlemagne Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about to light up your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo. Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes. You heard me right. Scissor is gonna be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of our I grab you girls and get ready to laugh. Only in theaters this Friday. Rate it all, get your tickets.


Now. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education. That moves with you,


Pam. You see them in person, you'd be like, this is the same person. How did Kenya look at the end person That well you messy too. You messy, you just as messy. Right? How Well, you know, I don, you know, I don't, I just keep it real and tell like, did she, it is, you know, I'm never afraid of any of those girls. She looked okay. She wasn't looking her best, but she looked okay. She could have used the hairdo and a filter. Okay. You feel, do you reach out to people like when you see like Pia going through a divorce or anything? Yes. So when Pia was going through her divorce, you know she was married to Simon. I was dating Yoni. They're both African guys. They hung out together. We hung out, we double dated and all those things. And I was talking to her during that time And I was doing this show called The Upshaw's and she kinda was like, she didn't wanna do the upshaw's with me.


She didn't tell me that. She told the production crew and the production told us that, you know. So you did it? I did it. They brought in Cynthia Bailey the next day and Cynthia shot the scene with me. Oh, Supposed to be you and Portia. It was supposed to be Portia And I, I did not know that. And I don't think Portia knew that until we arrived to set that we were both gonna be shooting a scene together. And she Oh, So Portia was on set? Yeah. Yeah, she was on set. Wow. The day before she had gone in to do her fittings and things And I gone in the next day to do my fitting and the following day we were gonna shoot the scene and Portia didn't show up and they went scrambling and they ended up flying Cynthia Bailey in and she did it. But Portia did do that. Now that's the honest truth. Didn't have time.


It doesn't really matter to me. I haven't spoken to her since after that. I, I I don't have, I You Think it could have been a personal issue and she had, I don We Didn't have No, no. With her. Like when her life, like No, I don't think so. But listen, I don't care. Why would They even tell you that? That's messy to even tell you that. Yeah, because they were in a frenzy and we weren't shooting. And my manager did some digging and asked somebody that was on set and they told us what happened. But listen, I'm still not mad. I really don't care. I'm gonna text the source. It's not that serious to me. You can text her right now. So can I Fact, in Fact, I have the text messages. 'cause I did text her when it happened And I told her and so I did, I I did text her. Wow. And, but it's doesn't matter what, say listen, if you don't wanna work with somebody, that's fine with me.


I, you don't have to work with me. I'm not even mad about that stuff. It just is not that serious to me. Some stuff is so petty. These girls really do think that they're bigger stars than they really are. So I, it's really okay with me. I wanted to ask both of y'all, 'cause you know, I saw Marlo and she made some comments on Tiffany Cross's podcast where she said how people judge you for life after you do reality tv. They did even in business. Is that Oh, that's true. True. Wow. That's true. Very true. It's bad. Yeah, they won't even, they, they, they won't buy, they, they treat you away that they won't even do other businesses just because of reality tv For Sure. Yeah. People have a perception of you. You know, like you guys were in here when I first walked in here, you guys were treating me real up.


Trying to say that I'm loud. I'm not loud. Yeah. My voice is very tight. Nene, We've been watching you for over 10 years. Ghet, all millions of people listening to you right now are like Nene. Cut it out. You Guys are judging me. Yeah. You guys have this, you know this thought about me because you saw me on Housewives. Actually I am soft. I am a girl's girl. I am a lover girl. Right. You are. You definitely, I am Way more laid back and cool and chill than you will ever know. I don't want no confrontation. Don't start none. Won't be none. I've done shows with you now. Very comedy shows, SV shows Had a crush. Don't, yes. I don't crush on women, but I had a crush on her.


Did you wanted to siz eye? Yeah. The what? Wanted the what really? Oh, siz. I, yeah. Yeah. She said if she was, you know, from the community, but She not I don't date women. Yeah, But I don't mean you can't sleep with 'em every now and then. No, Don't Wanna How would you feel About honey? We talked. We talked about that. We Talked about that. Yeah. What we don't, we don't, we date, we don't date girls. Yeah. No. You don't like smell other coochies. Yeah. That, that part I always say that. I be like not, I don't want nothing. I know my get we, I don't want nothing else around me like that.


Like Yeah. Uhuh, You know what's crazy? I'm good. We say that about ass. What? What? Because I be like, you gotta, you gotta clear that up. Sound crazy. Clear that up. Like what, how my ass smells. Why would I wanna be in another man? Yes, yes. Start like that next time We Just have conversation about ass. Like start like that. We do Emini here about that in general. Oh yeah. Emini here. Lazy y'all. Yeah. I saw a video you posted of, of Greg rest in peace you recently. Yeah. Did people reach out to you after that video? They, A couple of people who I do not know strangers, but not, Not your friend. Are people you consider friends? No, I reached out to you. What you said. I brought You that long ass message.


What She said. Oh, you did you the next morning I woke up and saw her the next morning. Yes you did. You Didn't read it though. You saw it didn't read. Definitely put on the No, no, no. She told me that she prayed for me and all those things. But honestly when I, I did get some people DMing me saying, Nini, I hope you're okay. But that is not why I posted the video. I actually was going through my phone looking for something else And I came across those videos And I just said, oh my gosh, somebody post these videos. 'cause they made me smile so I just post them. But, so some people did think that maybe I was having an emotional day, but I wasn't actually, it was a actually a great day. And I love those videos. That's one thing Greg And I would do with dance. So I love that video. You check up on people all the time, right?


You talk about Peter, you check up on, you talk about all these people. Absolute. I check up on people. Do people check up on you? I don't feel Like they really do not that much see her. She is right. But she would reach out to me and a couple people, but no, no, no. I don't feel like they really do. I don't feel like I have that kind of support. Do you Kim still speak? I actually feel like I'm very like alone in this world Right Now. Yeah. I do right now with my husband being gone, I really, my husband was a real force, you know? Yeah. He was really your best friend there. Yeah, my best friend and really all about his family and not having him there. Yeah. I kind of feel like I'm alone in a lot of situations, which is unfortunate, right? Yes sir. Sometimes I'm at home like, oh, I don't have anybody wonder who I would call. Kind of like, Yeah.


Yeah. It sucks when you to go to person and you don't got nobody to go to. Nobody reach out to you And the only person that you had is gone. And now it's a, a void That Yeah. Even my kids don't get it because they're so young. Like they don't get it. Emini here, risk 25. Like, you know. Yeah. He doesn't get it. He's still very young. They don't understand like, oh my mom need me. They be like, mom, where you gonna put some more money in my account? Like, they don't really get it. They don't get it yet. Well, I'm praying for your healing Energy. Absolutely. Yeah. Thank you so much. And I, I'm, I'm sure that special someone is coming Is out there. He's coming. They're out there. You know. Absolutely. Thank you. Check out the podcast both y January 16th, 8:00 PM me and my home girl. Yes. And we appreciate you guys for joining us.


Thank, thank you for having us. I really appreciate you. You Charlamagne. We love you. Love you. Good. Stay in touch gates. Yes, thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lie. Don't she don't spare nobody worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see that it's time to set it door. Okay, so more on the Cali wildfires.


Okay. So people are gonna be dealing with lasting effects. Obviously back in March, State Farm announced that they would not be renewing coverage for some people. So in a non-renewal letter provided to the state, State Farm said that the 30,000 property insurance policy holders who are being dropped across California in areas deemed to present the most substantial wildfire or fire following earthquake hazards. This decision obviously couldn't have come at a worse time since these California fires are not letting up. Tyler Perry shared a post on his social media to call the insurance companies out. He said watching a daughter use a garden hose to try and protect her 90-year-old parents' home because their insurance was canceled was gut wrenching to me.


Does anyone else find it appalling that insurance companies can take billions of dollars out of communities for years and then all of a sudden be allowed to cancel millions of policies for the varied people that be, that they became rich on people who have paid premiums all of their lives are left with nothing because of pure greed. We have the audio of the woman that he actually talks about in that post, in this heartbreaking. So they're dealing with this. They're 90 years old through the state of California. They've lived in this house for 75 years and they've had the same insurance and these insurance people decided to cancel their fire and we're going through this and it just happened and they have no fire insurance.


Probably shouldn't do it, but you know what, under the circumstances, send me to jail. That's fine. There's no words to even describe how heartbreaking. That's your entire life. You don't get that bad. The memories are gone. This is the worst thing you could wish in someone's life. Aside from death. Yeah. The, the insurance market crisis is gonna be the biggest thing. Once the fires die out, that's what's gonna hurt Homeowners and taxpayers across Cali. The the both, The sad, the sad thing about it is, is the government's going to bail out the insurance companies. Like they bailed out the automotive industry a couple years ago. But it's the regular people like this lady that's, that that's probably gonna lose her house. Or, or or the destruction that gets hurt the most.


But he's right. You pay these insurance company for 10 years, 12 years, you never make a claim. And now they're saying we are forecasting fire so we're gonna drop you. Yeah. Yeah. People will be pissed to F off. Tyler Perry did say he's in the process of trying to figure out how, you know, what steps he can take to help as many people as he can. And he's keeping everybody in his prayers. Kim Kardashian called on a governor, called on Governor Newsom to raise the pay for incarcerated firefighters. She said the incarcerated firefighters have been paid $1 an hour to risk their lives. And this pay has been the same since 1984. It has never been raised with inflation. It's never been raised. When fires got worse and many died this year, there was an agreement to raise the incarcerated firefighter pay to $5 an hour, but it got shut down last minute.


I'm urging the ca governor to do what no governor has done in four decades and raise the incarcerated firefighter to a pay rate to honors rate the honors a human being risk being risking their basically basically risking their lives. You know? Right. Chloe Kardashian did her sharing of trying to call people out and got dragged. The LA fire chief Kristen Crowley did an interview on Fox 11 LA about the lack of resources that they got. Did the city of Los Angeles, PLU and your department and our city. It's my job to stand up as a chief and exactly say justifiably what the fire department needs to operate to meet the demands of the community.


Did they fail you? Yes. And I know you expressed concerns that those DWP hydrants would not be inspected thoroughly because of the budget cuts. That is something to discuss and we're gonna look into that in regard to how we can ensure there's going to be water when we need it. You know, I'm gonna defer that to DWP. I can guarantee you that when our firefighters showed up on that day, they did absolutely everything they could do to rescue and to save people's lives. What's that about? Now that was the, That was the LA fire tree Chief Chief talking about the mayor. Okay. Chief Crowley. Yeah. Talking about the man. So Chloe reposted that Chloe Kardashian and she reposted that same interview on her Instagram story with the caption.


I stand by you Chief Crowley. You spoke the truth and you had tears in your eyes because I can tell you didn't even wanna say that, but it was the truth. Thank you for being honest. Chief Crowley, mayor Bass, you are a joke. Social media uses dragged Chloe for filth for her posts because Chief Crowley referred to a water shortage. But back in 2022, Chloe's Cal Bass's home used roughly 101,000 gallons of water, which was over the allotted limit. And the criticism of Mayor Bass alleged budget cuts also isn't necessarily the reason for the lack of resources. According to CNN in June, mayor Bass approved a budget of nearly 13 billion, including a 17 million reduction in the LAPD's budget of more than 800 million for 2025.


However, a website for the city of LA shared that in 2024, mayor Bass was able to secure a historic funding of more than 50 million to replace the old fire trucks in apparatus beyond service life in order to purchase new equipment. Everybody always wants to call 'em compartmentalize these things instead of acknowledging it's not just one thing. Right. Our one person that leads to these situation, they Wanna finger Situation. Right. Hey Emini here you got climate change, you got wealth inequality, you got billionaires not paying their fair share of taxes. You know, so, you know, people don't have the resources they need poor leadership from both parties over the years. Like the whole system been outta whack. And we're reminded of that whenever it's, you know, tragedies like this are A-C-O-V-D or whatever it is.


Yeah. Yeah. But you gotta point a little finger, right? You gotta point a finger at Not to just one person, not one person or it's a multitude of things. Not but if there's no water in the fire hydrants, right. Who, who, who was the one that was checking it to make sure that there was water in there? Because it's not the first time they had fires the first time It's bad. But they had fires before. So you know when the fire department's go into these fire hydrants in there is no water. Whose fault is that? I know in New York they check the fire hydrants every couple of months to make sure that it is pouring water. You know what Emini here. So who checks these fire hydrants? Especially in places where these fires Happen? I don't know whose fault it is. I just know it's not one person. Right. Yeah. And it's not just one thing that leads to situations like this. Right. Most celebrities have been coming out to help in whatever ways they can. Beyonce donated 2.5 million to the LA Fire Relief Fund.


The game is also donating his time. Not just money. A lot of people looking at celebrities like, oh, all y'all doing is giving money. Nah, he was actually on the ground saving animals. And I seen that. Yeah. And helping people and you know, trying to put out the fire as well. And then the Marathon burger, which was started by Nipsey's brother, black Sam, they was donating free food to affect the families and things like that. Cheryl Lee Ralph, she was out out there giving out clothes and you know, helping out. So it's, it's also people doing what they can. Yeah. Salute the all of them. And when it comes to the pay of the incarcerated, I was About to say the same Thing out there. Fighting the fires. Yeah. Can we do it on a case by case basis? What you mean? I need to know what you locked up for first. Because some of y'all did things that are so heinous that y'all should be out there fighting fires for free.


Okay. Right. Like I need, I need to know what everybody did individually before I start, you know, fighting for y'all to get more money. But if I do go fight a fire, right? That's what you wanna focus on, Not to pay. Yeah, but can you let me out early? Let me out a lot. Depends what you did. Let me out. Like if I'm gonna go there and I'm gonna fight the fires and I'm gonna risk my life once Again, depends what you did. Take off some time. Depends what you did. Take off all the time. Depends what you did. I don't need the dial out, the two just gimme let me Out. It depends what you did. And guess what, I'll let you out and now you can go be a real firefighter depending on what you did. I need to know what you did. Yeah. But if, if you did something that bad, you're not gonna want 'em out there fighting fires. That's my whole point. No, you leave them. That's exactly what I'm saying bro.


No, but if you No, no. If They Not using those people, what if they leaving them, you know what I'm saying? Like the pedophiles or whatever. All them people, the murderers and all that. What if they're not using them? What if they using everybody else? That's my point. That's why I need to know what the cases are. That's exactly what Emini here, what is the case? I need to know what you're in there For. Because if you're a murderer, right? And you out there shooting, fighting a fire and you know you got life, you ain't, you gonna be like, all right, I'll be right back. Lemme go get some more water If you murdered somebody who did something to your family. You know what I'm saying? Like this is a lot to be looking into about That's What I said case by case basis. That's what I'm trying to tell Y'all. Alright, well that is just with the mess. Thank you Jess Charlamagne. Who he doing that donkey too Man. Before, after the hour the Bible says honor thy father, thy mother. But y'all don't read that part. We'll discuss. Alright, we'll get to that Nexus, The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. And I just wanted to know how you came up with the donkey. There's a bunch of donkeys out In this street. We live a life where we might our tongue off who we may offend. We never will say anything. I don today. That is why Charlemagne, he was AAG guy. He's a donkey. That was he mother. Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving donkey today. The who now? Busta Rhymes donkey of the day for Monday, January 13th goes to a 20-year-old Pennsylvania man named Evan Gabrielle Houseman.


Evan is facing a bunch of charges including assault, strangulation, terroristic threats, resisting arrest and criminal mischief and harassment according to online court records. Who did Evan attack and why would you like to know? Well, police were dispatched to a home because Evan's father called 9 1 1 and said his son. Mm mm Assaulted his wife, meaning his mother. What kind of sucker ass father does Evan have? If I'm calling the police after my son attack my wife, it's because I done hurt my son. All right, you a 20-year-old grown man. I gotta whoop your ass for one. Putting hands on my wife too. For you putting hands on your mother. What type of human are you? Okay, I'm gonna do you bad like I don't know.


You then call the police on you And I so they can come pick us both up you for what you did to your mama and me because of what I did to you. Now according to dispatches, they could hear the sounds of a struggle in the background of the call. And Evan was yelling, shoot me. Now Evan's mother said the argument started the previous night because Evan said he wanted money transferred to him so he could go buy some weed. Yes. Marijuana, pot, grass. He wanted his mama to transfer money to him so he could go buy some. And when she said no, the argument escalated. Evan threatened suicide, said he was gonna overdose on pills. Okay? If he didn't get that money, he acting like he broke up with his mother.


That's how I acted when my lady broke up with me in 2001. Sometimes you gotta fake kill yourself to get your girl back. It happens. But this is not his girl, it's his mother. Okay? Acting like this over some damn weed. So the next morning she told police that he grabbed her head, pushed it toward the floor and then put her in a headlock. Okay? His mother? Yes. Jesus. She said that her son told her that if she did not hand over his medication, he was gonna apply pressure to her neck before he released her and took his medication into his room. Jess, what would happen to your son if he tried? You like this? Excuse me. I wouldn't even, I can't even say it on air. I can't. This is how I know parents be capping when they say I bought you into this world so I can take you out.


Okay? Mothers be in situations like this and all they can think about is how they bought this child into The World because a stranger, they would've attempted to take a stranger out a long time ago. But wait, it gets worse. Okay? Daddy got involved, daddy and his son began arguing. So Evan, big grown ass, 20-year-old, threw a TV and a Xbox down a flight of stairs breaking both of them and damaging a wall. So when his father went down the steps to check the damage, guess what his son did? What pushed him down the stairs? White. I'm sorry. Not that, not yet. We're not there yet. Pushed, pushed him down the stairs. Okay. Pushed him to the ground. He hit his head on the garage door talking about the father. His father then went outside to distance himself from his son running basically.


Okay. While his wife called 9 1 1. What kind of punk ass pops did Evan have? My daddy, my father going outside to get distance after I threw down a tv, after I threw a TV down a fly, I was on no gun. You know what I'm saying? What's wrong with y'all? Right? Then the son followed his daddy outside, pushed his daddy to the ground again and put him in a headlock and told his father he was going to kill him and take them both out. Damn. Then he let his father up and started to beat his father's car with a stick. So started doing damage to his father's car with a stick. Lemme tell you something. Not the caddy And I don't know what kind of car it was, but I don't beat my kids.


But I got all girls And I come from the era of extreme ass whippings from my parents. This 20-year-old needed an ass whipping straight from the 19 hundreds. Not to mention you 20. At that point you a grown ass adult. Okay? So whatever goes, goes. Now, when cops came, they ordered the suspect to put his hands behind his back. He said no, then he started to walk toward one of the victims again 'cause he wanted more smoke. Okay? His victims being his parents officers had to use a taser on him before they put him in custody. And while in custody he kicked officers several times and he was sent to a hospital to be mentally evaluated. Okay, let's play a game. I'm ready for This one. You wanna play a game? Yes. Let's play a game of guess what races.


All right. Evan Houseman of Pennsylvania facing a whole bunch of charges because he beat up his parents, all right. Basically beat up his parents, mom and dad. Then when the cops came they had to tase him. He put hands on them too. But he lived the tail to tail. DJ Envy. Guess what? Race? White, white, white, white, white, black, White, white. Why? Okay, okay. Okay. Fight. Just hilarious. Evan Houseman facing a whole bunch of charges 'cause he beat up his parents and when the police came he put hands on them too. But he lived the town to town just hilarious. Guess what Ra Call Cassidy with the audacity.


Well, DJ Envy Justin, Larry, you both are correct. Evan Houseman is a blue eye devil. Wait, wait, white, I knew it. I knew it. You got the blue eye. I know everything that's right. Straight out the caucus Mountains. Wow. Come on man. If I did that to my parents, I wouldn't be here right now. Hey, what are we talking About? I wouldn't Be here. This whole story reeks of whiteness. Damn peak whiteness. Okay, Capitol riot. Whiteness There. There's no no way. There's no way I would be here right now. There's no, what's The story when you need 'em? You need a bullet in both of them feet. What you talking about? Sit your ass down Lord Have mercy. I don't care. Could You imagine? No. No. Could You? No. No. Like what? What? Please Emini here.


I ain't saying you had to shoot him to kill him, but nah, you need, you need to. Yeah, you need to sit your ass down putting your for a long time. Putting your hands on your mama is one thing. All right. But God dang, when the daddy let you get away with it too. He beat the daddy up the dude TV down like he thought he was precious mother. Like he threw A tv. No black parent ain. No black family. They Understand what He not even in shape. He a little fat portly Caucasian. What about you Red ain't like, it's Logan beating up Envy Puerto Rican family that, that one happen. He be limping now. My Mom would've whooped my ass too. Oh, Your mother would've whoop chance? Yeah, My mother, I don ever thought of that. She got the C. Yeah. Yeah. Figured that. See we black and brown up here. Ain't no, ain't no damn wire.


Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Earlier we had Nene leaks and Sierra Gates on and she was talking about her surgeries And I asked her, why continue getting the surgery if your man likes you the way you are? So lemme ask you a question. If, if your husband loves you the way you are, would you still wanna do whatever but more but shot to no more fellas because he, he like, he loves you how you are. So he's like, don't do nothing no more. Good. I did that. I did well I love my lips. I do that. I did that for me. Everything I did, I did for me. I don't care what my husband said, I did that for me on me. But yeah, because I was married three times. Yeah, but I did that for me.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If your spouse is happy with the way that you look, would you still want to get plastic surgery? If he's happy, he's happy with your ass size, your boob size, your fillers, your lips, your eyes. What else do people do? Face, lips, whatever may be Botox. If they happy with how they look. Love the way that you look. You getting everything at home? Yeah, but they not getting it for the guy. They getting it because they want it. That's the point. Well let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club phone Man. It's topic time.


Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us. We had Nene Lisa Sierra Gates on the show earlier. They got a new podcast, me and my home girl and we are asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. When she was here I was asking about the plastic surgeries and the fact that her husband likes it the way that she is. This is what she said. Lemme ask you a question if, if your husband loves you the way you are, yeah. Would you still wanna do whatever but more butt shy to more fellas? No, because he like, he like he loves you how you are. So he's like, don't do nothing no more. I did that. I did well I love my lips. I do that. I did that for me. Everything I did, I did for me.


I don't care what my husband said, I did that for me. You answer me. But yeah, because I was married three times. Yeah, but I did that for me. So 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What do you do if you want to get cosmetic surgery but your partner doesn't want you to? Or fellas, how do you feel if your girl wants you to get something done that wants to get something done, but you're happy the way that she is now, Chris, your fiance, if it gets to the point, if, if you wanna get something done and he's like, no, I love you the way you are. Do you listen to him? Do you put his feelings into the thing or you Just say No, I'm doing it for myself. I don't care. I Still consider his feelings, you know what I'm saying? But if it was something that I always wanted, you know, to, to have done, I'm gonna get it done. You know what Emini here, just because yo growing up I had like the chest of a little boy.


Like me and Trey songs had the same trust. Jesus like, you know what I'm saying? Jesus. And I said that's what I was gonna do. As soon as I moved out my mother house or got the money for it, I'm gonna go throw some deeds on this bitch. That's what I wanted to do. And that's what I did. You know, the person I was with at the time didn't approve of that. They were so scared of me going under the knife so it didn't matter. You know, that didn't matter to me. I always wanted to have boobs. I'm like, nah. You know. So in my relationship now, is there anything else I wanna get? No, I already got everything that I wanted to get. But it would stand, it would still be the same if Chris was like, nah, I don't think you should go get no Botox. Nah, I'm getting that. Once again, Emini here. But you could understand it though, right? Especially if you go under the knife. Right. He loves you and he says, you know what, I don't want you to go into the knife.


It ain't worth it. Yeah. It ain't worth me losing you for whatever it may be. Yeah. You wouldn't, you wouldn't take that into consideration. I, yes, I would consider it. But you going do what you wanna Do and then you make my appointment. Yeah. It's just because it is what I see when I look in the mirror, you know, what Emini here, what makes me feel good, you know? And and a lot of things be coming up when you age yo and you be like, nah, you know, I wanna stay as youthful as possible and if and if I got means to make that happen, I'm gonna do it. Got you. Charlamagne, when you got your BBO, how, like what did your wife say? Did she, was she, was She happy? She never got a BBO. This is all naturality baby, you know. But what Justice is saying, it's true. It has nothing to do with the guy. It has to do with her. Like, you know, if she wants to get what she wants to get, she wants to get what she wants to get. I don't even see where the guy has any input other than to say, Hey baby, I don't want you to do that 'cause I don't want you to, like you say, get hurt or Right.


That's the thing. Yeah. I don't want you to get that. But it is ultimately not up to him. Yeah. Now if he paying for it Right, Then I could see, see But I would, I would fight, I would fight my spouse. Right? Yeah. Because you see all these people that go under and they never come back. Yeah. And I know that if, if, if they could recount and redo it Emini here, they would fight their spouse for actually having that surgery and we see it all the time. Yeah. It could be something as little as, you know, I'm not gonna say we see it all the time Emini here, there's way more we hear about it. More successful plastic surgeries than it is. Yeah. But we do hear about the, the, the cases where people do go wonder for, for small things, for typical surgeries that we always hear about. And they never wake up. They Don't wake up, they, you know, things happen. They get infections. Right. Crazy things happen. You know, you gotta take care of the personality. That's right. Once again, the woman made a choice.


It's on the woman, it ain't on the guy. The only thing we can do is put a little input in and be like, Hey, I don't want you to do that. But she gonna do what she wanna do regardless. Well, let's go to the phone lines. We got Kay on the line. Kay. Good morning. Good Morning. What's your thoughts? Kay. So I Think


the new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really, prime is not just one thing, it's all things I place to stream Movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night Football and Prime video, and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon Music got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagine kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What's up, it's Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the Brilliant Mind of Produce, a Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and ssa. Yes, you heard me right SSA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday rated art. Get your tickets now


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve, or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs, moves are a working professional, juggling career and family. A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you


Because I'm in a situation like that now and he tells me like, your body is fine, you don't need the body done. So I'm definitely not gonna go do it. I'll go to the gym. So it's building my confidence and just like making me wanna work out and do it the right way. Okay. That's what's up. Nice. That's what's up. Thank you mama. Yeah, Of course. Mary. Good morning Mary. What's up? You said anything? Hey. Hey. Hey. Peace. Peace. How you, How you feeling this morning? What's your thoughts In the 8 43? I'm chilling. Hey. Okay. I just think personally, you know, you should always just do whatever you do for yourself. Whether your man likes you this way or that way, you have to be happy with self birth. If you're not happy with self, then there's no need to alter anything for anybody.


Y you know what Mary, you're right. But you know, you know what my fear is? I, you always see these people, especially a lot of times women and it looks like they get addicted to plastic surgery. Right? And then they start looking like the cat woman and the cat lady. 'cause they just don't know when enough snuff. Like they never look beautiful enough. Their breasts are never big enough or they're this, you know what Emini here, that's a disorder too. Yeah. Then right then they're unhappy with self. You cannot make anybody else happy until you are happy. Right. Self. Okay. They start looking like a steel clothes on them. Alright, thank you. You are welcome. Bye Bye-Bye Raven. Good morning. Hey envy, how are you doing today? I'm well. How are you mama? I'm doing well.


What's your thoughts? I think that, hey, send my man. Tell me about my body. It is what it is. You know I'm a mama three. So at this point, guess what? If I wanna get my done, it is what it is. You hear me? That's Right. That's right. Okay, but what, okay, Kaela, ain't nobody gonna tell me nothing about my body, But now what? What? What if he doesn't want you to go under, you got three kids and, and he's scared that you might not never wake up. So he, he's saying, babe, I love you to where you are. Exactly. You know what, who was it? He's on the 85 South Show. Y'all know who I'm talking about? Carlos, Dc DC my dc I understand That, that I think that is under, that is, you know, like that is something that, Oh, dc DC you know, a woman should make Emini here.


A woman should make that decision. You see what I'm saying? Of course. Everybody's scared about that. If I, if I get told wrong, you know? Right. But sure, you know, at the end of the day you gotta be happy. If I'm happy with my body or if I'm unsatisfied with my body, I'm gonna take that choice. I'm gonna, I'm gonna make that decision for me. You see what I'm saying? And that's what it boils down. Whether it's life or death, I'm getting my, That's what it boils down. Burned with some D's on there. You know, we can make the a's work though, Raven. We can make the blues work. You ain't gotta go under. Yeah, my back be hurting at this point. Shoot my back. Don't kill me before them. Jesus Christ. Goodbye Raven. Yeah. Alright, bye. Good. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. This conversation is coming from Nene Lakes and Sierra Gates who stop through earlier today.


And then we were talking about plastic surgery. This is what they said. So lemme ask you a question. If, if your husband loves you the way you are, yeah. Would you still wanna do whatever but more butt shot to more fellas? No, because he like, he like he loves you how you are. So he's like, don't do nothing no more. I did that. I did Well, I love my lips. I do that. I did that for me. Everything I did, I did for me. I don't care what my husband said, I did that for me. You just wanna answer me. But yeah, because I was married three times. Yeah, but I did that for me. So we asking what your thoughts, if your partner likes you the way that you are, you know, are you still getting surgery for yourself? Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Tell off Made it.


If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we were talking about a conversation we had earlier with Nene Lees and Sierra Gates. This is what they said about plastic surgery. Lemme ask you a question. If, if your husband loves you the way you are, would you still wanna do whatever But more but shy to no more fellas? No, because he like, he like he loves you how you are. So he's don't do nothing no more. Good. I did that. I did well, I love my lips. I do that. I did that for me. Everything I did, I did for me. I don't care what my husband said, I did that for me.


You wanna answer? But yeah, because I was married three times. Yeah. But I did that for me. So we're asking if your partner likes you the way that you are, do you still want to get surgery? Jess said, look, if I like it, I'm gonna do it. It's, it's for me, not for him. Charlemagne says he's done it before and it's for him, not his wife. No, what I said was, it's up to the woman. It's not our, it's not our choice. Like we can, you know, say what we feel and you know, we can express our concerns. But the woman gonna do what she wanna do Regardless. We got Brittany on the line. Brittany, good morning. Good morning. Breakfast Club. How you feeling this morning, Brittany? I'm doing well. Yeah. I'm just pulling up to work. Okay. Where you work In la, South Carolina. Okay. So what's what's your, what's your thoughts?


So I'm totally against surgery because I'm, I'm already 36 And I just think about, you know, in the long run what it's gonna look like. I, I worked for dermatologists in the past And I can see, you know, long-term effects when people come in and they're just constantly filling themselves and you know, face, lips, all that. And I just, I wouldn't wanna look all blown up or saggy or whatever, you know, in 30 years from now. So I've made it 36 years in my life without it. So I'm just, I'm totally against it. Not gonna do it.


I respect that too. That's what's up. Thank you Brittany. Thank you. Bye. Hello, who's this? This is Danielle calling from Burger. Hey, what's up Danielle? Good morning. What's your thought, Danielle? I believe, okay, I've been married for 21 with my husband for 27 going on 28 years. And I had a tummy tuck after I had my last child, which is four children. And I believe that you should feel confident and, and do what you wanna do because the same woman that your husband don't want you to be, that's the same woman he end up cheating on you with or or being with. You know, it ain't happen to me, but I have seen it happen. So we hear these things happen.


So I think women should go for what they want, but I don't believe in messing with your face. Okay, Thank you mama. Yeah, We got some women that feel like that, you know, like yeah that's cool with the plastic surgery but not cool with touching your face. Right, I understand that too. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Ori from Savannah, Georgia. Hey Ori. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? So as a 26-year-old Mary, mother of three, I feel like women should do it because I understand the whole we're married, we're, we're under the oath of God. We're not supposed to get separated. But it's, for me, it's my life. I have to wake up and see it every day after kids without kids. Like if it's my insecurity And I want to fix it, I should be able to fix it.


And you should as my husband respect that. Yes ma'am. Yeah. But he might just want to, you just wanna make sure you, okay, you got three kids, like you said, he wanna make sure you don't go under the knife and something happens And I get that. But it's, it's my decision. Yeah, it's your, you're right, it is your decision. But he, he, he could have a say in in what he thinks and then you know, you could decide what you want to do. And I also feel like a lot of these, these women that they're doing the same surgery, they're starting to look alike. Yeah. Yeah. They're definitely starting to look alike. But again, if they wanna look like the next big lip person, they might wanna look like the next big lip Person. You wanna look like the next big lip bitch on damn thing. Thank you. Already. And I feel like that slowed down a little bit though.


The lip thing is but I feel like the nah, hell Lipstick did not slow down. Nah, the shape, the shape thing. No, I, I didn't say the lip thing slow down. The lip thing is still going. But the shape thing, when everybody was looking like ants, I feel like that slowed down a Lot. Yeah the asses. What? What is that? BBL What call that bbb? What call that BL Yeah that slowed down. Yeah I would say that too. 'cause everybody's body was the same, they just eating and it's going back to what it was before. Yeah. You got that because people think once you get your surgery done, you don't gotta go to the gym, you can eat the same way you've been eating. No. Like you really have to do things to upkeep the surgery that you got. And then also when that's that comes from repeat offenders, that ant body situation. Like people go in two and three more times after getting the first BBL, they, they get a little big a year later then they go back and they keep going back.


That's how you end up looking like an ant. Can you take it out after you put it in? Let's say you like pause, pause, pause. Like let's say I don't want it anymore. Yeah you Could. Michelle did that came Michelle reversed. She Reversed it. I think Kim Kardashian reversed a lot of her things. A lot of her stuff too. But yeah you can now sometimes that don't work because if you got it done a long, super long time ago, nah like it's gonna do more. What can't you reverse harm to you which you can't reverse. Yeah. Wait I thought this like when they put like the The Shots Yeah the butt shots. Yeah. Cement. It's not cement but whatever the silicone, they, they can't take through. I Don't know. I'm not sure. Oh I'm not sure. According to plastic surgeons. Yeah. Interest in BBLs has been declining. It said in 2020 it was, you know, a big thing. 2021 it increased and they said in more recent times it's been declining.


And they say it's because it is a trend towards more natural looking enhancements and nonsurgical alternatives. And then also yo, these women, they were going to had these little side jobs done. Like they, they weren't going to like licensed professionals, they weren't going to like great surgeons. They on Brooklyn basically. You know what I'm saying? Because that was cheaper. That was more accessible for them. You know what Emini here. So a lot of people that's walking around looking like that, they ain't wanna look like that neither did they know they was gonna work. Wake up looking like that. And and not only has there been a lot of decline to y'all point, there's been a growing number of reversals. That's What's up. Yes. And then you know what too, what he said 20 20, 20 21 was covid when people was getting that little extra change. Yeah. That little extra change.


Yeah. Throwing in their body. Yep Ted, that goddamn money. Yep. Exactly. So and the PPP loans went to a lot of BBL should I'm sure. Hey Yo, that's crazy. I ain't never do one of them. Yo and them people ain't never go to jail. I should've, I should. A lot of they still going. They still him up. Yeah, they still locking them up though. Every Know ain't ain't no more every single day. Yeah. Give em a minute. It's a 10 year statute of limitations. Yeah because it's somebody that I don't like that guy when I'm waiting for this bitch Time jump down, down, I'm trying to Hurry the process. It's Only a matter of time. Alright, Damn well we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? We Do. So apparently allegedly Diddy mother is the originator of the freak off. What are you talking about? I'm gonna let you know. All right, we'll get into that.


Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spell nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get Y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off. Alright, real quick before we get into Diddy mother. All right, look Lil Baby, he just got number one on Billboard chart 200.


That's right. Congrats. So that's what's up Wham. Just went number one. So that's what's up. Drop Coon for Lil Baby. Absolutely Keep doing this thing. He's very consistent like that. All right, so, so remember when I said Diddy mother might be the originator of the freak off all. So apparently tomorrow there's the, the Peacock is dropping, the Diddy documentary is called Diddy the Making of a Bad Boy. And the doc gets into Diddy's childhood and his experience growing up in connection to the lawsuit and sexual assault allegations he's currently facing. According to the Rolling Stone, the doc features an alleged childhood friend of Puff's, hip hop producer Tim Dog Patterson. He alleged that Janice Diddy's mom would often throw parties at Diddy's Childhood Home.


He says that during the parties it wasn't uncommon to walk into rooms where adults was having sex Emini here. That was just their normal and the doc when talking about the parties, Tim says verbatim, that's what we were privy to. This was what we were fed. Was it desensitizing us? I'm sure it was. Were we aware of it? No, that was just Saturday night. And the doc per Rolling Stone, this type of childhood is alleged to be why Tim, the long time friend of Diddy's Puff believes, believes that Puff found himself in a position he is in now. You know, and then for background just a little bit, Diddy is facing almost 40 civil suits from men and women alleging that he assaulted them at some point of time during the span of 19 between 1990s and 2024.


All of which he denies. Diddy has also pled not guilty to three criminal charges against him for some of the same allegations, sexual assault and sex trafficking, which his team also denied. So Dropped. Yeah, I saw, I saw that peak not come in. I saw another one. Discovery Ideas doing plus 50 is doing one. Is anybody gonna wait to see how this all plays out first? No, it's all about clicks and life. That's all. That's all they care about. Mm. Nobody cares about the Truth now. I think Emini here, I don know what the truth is. Emini here. People should, yeah, I'm, you know, but Emini here, but Truth gotta come out court. Yeah, right. Should, Well I don't even know about the truth. Just an ending like, you know, like, let's see how it plays out. All these docs got going on This's Be a part one, part two, part three, part 4, 4, 5, I guess. I Guess this one is delving into like why he is the way he is, like the childhood and all that type of stuff.


So Emini here, but it comes out tomorrow Peacock. So if y'all wanna watch that dead, it is going to be, it's gonna be releasing because the Trial starts is what in May, right? Yeah, yeah. Well and more news. Dion Sanders speaks on Travis Hunter deleting his ig. So Travis Hunter is the Colorado football star. He had to delete his IG back in December after he was being dragged online. The people weren't letting up on him because of all the situations with his fiance. Leanna Lenae fans hated the way she interacted with Travis on many occasions on camera his senior night she appeared to have an attitude. When Travis was doing a fan signing, she seemed annoyed and was ready to go. And during one of his most important nights, you know, the Heisman award ceremony when it appeared like Coach Prom had to prompt her to stand up and share for him, she did come out and explain that all of this wasn't the way it looked.


And she ended up deleting her IG too. Travis. He did return back to ig, but she still has not. So Coach Prime was on Tamron Hall's show promoting his new talk show with Roxy Diaz and his new Amazon doc. And Tamron asked how he felt about Travis deleting his ig and here's what he had to say. Did it hurt you when he had to deactivate His account? It hurt me that he did. Really? Because what the enemy wants you to do is stop. I I I don't, I don't hunt And I don't kill, I don't do that. But I, I'm a country boy that lives on a ranch And I understand with the wild hogs that come and ravage my property and the deer that runs And I don't let nobody touch them. When people want to harm them, they harm them because they get a clean shot and they steal.


When you moving, it's hard to get a good shot at you if you keep on moving and when somebody stays still, now you got a chance to attack. And I hate the stillness of that. Keep on moving. Is that what you Told him? Yeah, you Did. You have endorsements. You have people that are sponsoring you to talk about their product. We can't deactivate, we gotta activate right now. My daddy used to tell me that about selling crack. He thought standing around on the corner to sell crack or standing in one place to sell crack was just stupidest thing on the planet. Absolutely. It was. He was like, move around and sell your dope. Don't, he Didn't say that. Don't stand in one spot. He did. Don't stand in one spot. That's how you get caught. So he didn't say stop selling dope, but Just say that too. But he knew I was an idiot who was gonna be out there doing what I wanted to do anyway.


Right. So he was just telling me. Right. Absolutely Jesus. Or do it as right as you can. As right As you can. Like, like why He like, he thought that's why he, that's why they called it the trap. Well he said it was a trap back then. Trap. Yes. But yeah, like you stand in one spot the whole time waiting on him to come get you. Dumb ass crazy. They know exactly where you at. And by the Way, yo, you don't Sands look good to, I ain't gonna lie, he, he should have shaped this little bed up on Tamara Hall, but he look good. I said okay black man, you better get it. Okay. No, I'm just saying I love how like love to see how black men age like that. Yo, this and he, he still be moving around anyway. My bad, my bad, my bad. Anyway, he got seven Toes. Excuse me, he got seven Tolles When What you What? He had to, he had to take cut off a couple of amputate, a couple of his Toes.


Okay. All right. Nevermind moving on. No, He still look I'm saying he still look good And I just, he good but come on, come on Emini here. There's always be little things to let you know that we older know whether it's gray hair, The to why did they, what Happened to the Other three? You know? But you know how somebody hate you be like, he look fine. He only got seven toes though. Like, he's just like, yeah, he just couldn't let it go. Like yeah he do. That's crazy. I love prime time. Okay, just letting you know that there no Seriously no hold up. What happened to them? He was sick or something right? Oh, so it was Okay was yeah, there was a problem and they had to to cut him off. Yeah. Emini here. It wasn't an accident like, you know he was born that way. No, No, no, no, no. Okay, that's, I think he had a surgery in it and they were cut off. Okay. Alright. Yeah, but no, he fine though. He is fine. Alright. Gorilla on being single. So Bit Glow. She had a post recently explained why she does not have a man.


That's what she said. I ain't got no, because I'm such a real myself and you just be like, like real deal s like that's what you is a And I a call so fast. Like that's why like I ain't got no, because I curse s out like, like yeah on some real make me outta character out Translation Bitch. That's Why you don't no nigga. Look if you, damn, you be cussing if you talk to him like that man. But look, this the thing though. People really like Glow.


Like it's some like Busman deal on her body. Heavy, heavy. Currently he was A big blushing when we I know right? And he, you know, he and he's also have said things on Twitter also. Damien Lili. Now we never heard him say, you know, yeah, we doing things or, but we never heard him deny it either. True. She, he's choosing to be secretly so is she blocking her blessings? Is she picking the wrong type of niggas or is she, she like, I don't know. 'cause she said people basically can't handle her. These, they can't, they can't handle her mouth. But I need, it's gonna take somebody to, to put Glow in her soft girl era. Who can do that? Like is boss man dlo able to do that? Is Damien Lila able to do that? Is that why she feel like she she gotta be single? I don't even know what she says so I have no idea.


But that's what It is. Can't nobody handle that mouth. Basically that's what you get from that audio man. These niggas ain't trying to wake up to that. So you know, she needs somebody that can soften her. That that's, that's how I feel about it. But that is just for the mess. Hopefully she find the right one. Yeah. Salute to Glow. All right. Yeah. Thank you Jess. Yep. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in. Now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess hilarious Charlamagne Ne Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute to Nini Lees and Sierra Gates for joining us today. That's Right. Make sure you check out their new podcast. Me and my home girl premieres January 16th at 8:00 PM Eastern on all major platforms. That's right. And salutes everybody that checked out. Jess out in California this weekend.


Absolutely. And then this coming weekend, this Friday, Saturday and Sunday, I will be in Arlington, Texas at the Improv. Make sure you get your tickets@jessofficial.com or improv tx.com. Get y'all tickets y'all. Yep. And salute to everybody I've seen at the Philly Auto Show when I was there this weekend. And also everybody I ran into at the MGM in Maryland had a great time this weekend. Hopefully we get to do it again. All right, when we come back, we got the positive note. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do man, I tell y'all all the time. Destiny's not a matter of chance, it's a matter of choice and that's just true.


Okay, life is about choices. Some we regret, some we're proud of. Some will haunt us forever. But the moral of the story is we are what we chose to be. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish Or y'all done?


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into are getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the Shadow Rock. Join me Danny Trails and step into the flames of Right, right an anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.