
Okay. You say, I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says, we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously. When you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details. There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything.


That can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details. Our, are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash.


No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more. Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatories Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true.


Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview well-known people who look like they have perfect lives. But like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively. And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Your Show every single day.


Breakfast Club. God Damnit, The Breakfast Club. That ass up on The. Breakfast Club. You can't say Breakfast Club without The, Breakfast, Club. You're like this Rare Air. You got platforms and partners all over the place because your demand is so high. People wanna be in business with the breakfast, but I don't think white people know how popular you guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious Charlemagne de Guy. You guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night talk show. Y'all know what y'all talking about. Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo.


Just hilarious. Good morning. Y'all mean to God. Peace to the, to the planet. It's Monday. What are you doing here, Jess? She ain't got no business here. This is where I work at. It is, but you also pregnant. You are nine now. How many you? Eight months. You said nine months? Eight months and two weeks pregnant. Wait, Eight months and three weeks. Yeah. See what I'm saying? You supposed to be on that screen right now. You're supposed to be at home relaxing, Chilling. I know, but I be looking. Pix deleted. It don't matter. You say you want to have that little baby in in Maryland. Yeah. And you need to be in Maryland. Yeah, I know. Because that water breaking here right now. Guess what? We gotta deliver. That's Right. Damn. So, yeah, it's up. All right. How you feeling? I feel good. Yo You know.


It's crazy. Alright, look. I know I'm, I'm like almost there. I can't drive. Yo, I hit so much stuff this morning. What you mean? Good thing I ain't driving my trucks, so nobody know. Okay. But yo, I hit a lot of people. No, I didn't hit any people, thank God. But like, Si, I swip in everything. Like I'm, I'm like yo people. Yo. What the hell People No, not people Actually like vehicles. Yeah, cars, curbs, You know. I don't think you should admit that on the back of somebody bike, it's late. I Don't, I don't think you should admit any of that On the radio, sir. They're not gonna know it's me. 'cause it wasn't my truck. It's too late. But yeah. I Oh my God. Now so crazy. You pregnant, you can't see Like, yo. No, I'm just clumsy. I be burning myself cooking. Oh gosh. Like, I don't understand what's going on Here.


Let, let me ask you this question then, then just ask you one again. What, what the hell are you doing here? I love y'all so much. I wanted to do my fa wow today. So this is my last day in the studio. So I wanted to come and see Hey y'all. And then bye y'all. We Didn't need that. I love you though. That is Crazy. Now, Friday, you did say you was coming Monday. I thought you was captain. When you say I'm coming Monday, I was like, yeah, whatever. I know, but, but you really came. Yeah. 'cause I had to get some stuff from my place up here to go back home. We, we, and we had to come and do her, our nursery here ain You by yourself. Who? With you? I'm not by myself. Oh, Naya. No. You came by yourself. Who was With No. Oh, I ca I'm, I came to work by myself. Yeah, She came by herself. But I got Ash and Chris up here with me too. Oh, okay. Yeah. No, no, no, no. And I didn't drive up here.


Chris drove, of course. Oh. But I drove to work. That's that big Mack truck in front of the building. No, she drove of all That's big. No, Don blame me. No, it's Dang. Y'all been tearing people cars up. That's what that is. That's why you been sideswiping people, because they ain't know Mack truck supposed to be on the street. No, I don't have that. That's not what we drove up here. Goodness gracious. All right, well let's get the show Crack in common. And Pete Rock will be joining us this morning. They got a new album, the auditorium volume one. We gonna kick it with them in a little bit. And what a weekend It was in America this weekend. An assassination attempt of the former President Donald Trump of the United States of America. Donald Trump. I'm sure Morgan will give us some updates in front page news. That's, and we will be discussing this morning.


Yes. Right. Alright, well, front page news is next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's almost disrespectful to cutoff Kendrick's verse at this point. That's good. You. know what I'm saying? That verse gave us so many at adverse was the catalyst for so many great moments in hip hop. The greatest rap beef of all time is bla blaus. To cut that verse off. Yeah, we, we just did, but we ain't got no time. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning. Is it a good morning? Let's recap the craziness that happened over the weekend, and then I'll talk about what's coming up this week. A lot to cover guys. So, former president Donald Trump is gearing up for the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee, Wisconsin after there was an assassination attempt on his life on Saturday, just after 6:00 PM shots rang out at a Trump rally in Butler, Pennsylvania.


And one of those shots reportedly grazed the former president's right ear as he was addressing the crowd. We do have two audio clips from the rally. And I will issue a disclaimer that the audio could be difficult to listen to. So If, you have children in the car or are shell shock? Please be advised. Let's hear what happened at the rally. Take a look at what happened.


Wow. So once given the all clear secret service agents rushed bloody eared Trump off the stage, but not before he pumped his fist and mouthed the words, fight to the crowd as they chanted you. SA, he was taken to a medical facility where he was later reported that he is doing well. Now the shooter is identified as 20-year-old Thomas Matthew Crooks of Bethel Park, Pennsylvania. He was located on a roof outside of the venue. Shortly after he started shooting Secret Service agents took him from a nearby roof, spotted him and took him out. Meanwhile, Corey comparator, a 50-year-old firefighter, former firefighter, died in the incident protecting his family from the gunfire.


And two other attendees, 74-year-old James Copenhaver of Moon Ship, moon Township, Pennsylvania, and 57-year-old David Dutch of New Kingston, Pennsylvania were shot. They are expected to survive. They are in serious condition. The FBI continues to investigate a motive which they have not figured out. And the agency is calling on the public for help. You guys see what happened there? Yeah. RIP to those individuals that lost their life. Yeah. At, at the rally, So many national and global leaders called on people to unite and denounce public political violence and sent Trump's, sent Trump, excuse me, thoughts and prayers and well wishes, including former President Obama, former President Clinton, vice President Kamala Harris, former Vice President Mike Pence, speaker Mike Johnson.


Nancy Pelosi. The list goes on. Ukrainian president, even Bmore Zelensky, and of course, president Biden to name a fruit few in a prime time address from the Oval Office. President Biden said there needs to be a lower temperature in politics following the assassination attempt. Let's hear more from Biden. Yesterday's shooting at Donald Trump's rally in Pennsylvania calls on all of us to take a step back, take stock of where we are, how we go forward from here. Or we may disagree. We are not enemies, we're neighbors, we're friends, coworkers, citizens, and most importantly, we're fellow Americans. We do not know the motive of the shooter yet. We don't know his opinions or affiliations.


We don't know whether he had help or support or if he communicated with anyone else. Thankfully, former Trump is not seriously injured. I spoke with him last night. I'm grateful he's doing well. And Jill And I keep him and his family in our prayers. So Biden, of course, said violence has not been the answer when it comes to American politics. Citing examples, including January 6th, Capitol riots and the assault against Paul Pelosi's. Nancy Pelosi's husband. He spoke about resolving differences at the ballot box and not with bullets saying that the power to change America should rest in the hands of the people and not in the hands of a deadly assassin. He went on to say that he did speak with Trump on Saturday night, and he's grateful he's doing well.


He also extended condolences to the family of the retired firefighter attending the rally who lost his life, shielding his family from gunfire. Now, an important thing to note, that there has not been an assassination attempt in the United States on a president since Ronald Reagan was in office. And that was March 30th, 1981 as he was leaving the Washington Hilton Hotel. What do you guys make of all of this? I mean, do you think it was the media? Do you think it was divisive politics? What do you think? I think all of this, I think we have get it off your chest coming up next. So feel free to call up and get whatever you want off your chest. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I'm reserving all my thoughts about this until 8:00 AM eight.


Am we really gonna open up the phone lines and have a discussion with the people. But I'm, I'm, I just wanna hear what everybody else got to say for the, for the first couple hours. That's right. And what we talk about next hour, Morgan. Yeah. So we'll talk about what's happening this week. The RNC gets underway today. So, and Trump is in Milwaukee. He's ready and geared up for it. Yeah. He said he's changing his speech. He rewrote his speech that he's speaking on Thursday. So we'll get more information next hour. Everybody else. He's definitely gonna walk out to 50 cent mini men though. I just wanna throw that out there. He's not walking. I'm telling you. He I was gonna say, when did the jokes then? He do either, either fifties, I don't think 50 will be there to perform it, but he's definitely gonna walk out to 50 cent mini men. I'm telling you what I, he's and a Bulletproof, but Amber Rose fucking Right.


I don't know if Amber Rose's gonna be twerking, but he definitely gonna walk, walk out 50. He's supposed to be there. So we'll talk about it. I'm, that would be, that's man, I'm telling Queen Switch death upon me and my e And I. I'm telling you. Right. Get it on your chest. Eight Oh, you went too. Five eight. 5 1 0 5 1 is the breakfast slogan. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest off, man. Or blessed. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Rich. What's up Richard? Get it off your chest. I'm just feeling like, bro, we Good morning, everybody.


My bad. Good. En v charmagne, Justin. Good morning, king. But we, we, we get to like sad times right about now. Like I well I need everybody be blessed up. Stay, stay out there. Because these people gonna use this as a pretext this to Star War. Mm. I'm Listening. It's, but they is gonna use this as a pretext to do what they always wanted to do. Well, the reality of this situation, And I did say, I'm reserving my thoughts until 8:00 AM so I will, nevermind. Hello. Who's this? This is, what's your name? Hello. Hey, what's your name bro? Jazzy Dayton. Hey, jazzy, take us off speaker. Take us off Bluetooth please. I'm on regular phone. Okay. All right. We'll get it off your chest, brother. Yeah. That's all. Hey, did interview with Dr.


Umma a couple days like that, man, some things he said. I didn't feel like You know black in a white as a whole. Oh, you got a white girlfriend. You got a white wife. Well, but I have a white girlfriend. I know. The thing is, I don't get dis own. No, I'm cool. Which I'm cool with you If. you date a white girl. I'm not gonna disown you because you date a white girl. That's like my brother because you the white girl. It is You know. That's, that's your choice. It is incredible to me that of all the things Dr. Wilma says, that's the thing that hurts people's feelings the most I can. It's like, like I can always tell, listen, love. Who you want to love My brother Dr. Umma. Exactly the way Dr. Umma is about who you should love. You know shouldn't be an issue. I believe that Black, no, I, I believe in black love too though. I like to see black men with black women, but I ain't not, I Believe, I believe in black love too.


My You know he should be that way. Like I'm just only this person because You know. You know. He said he was gonna go for some dude named Donald West because he liked him. His phone is all over the place. What he, what he was saying was that he said Dr. Wilma said he likes Cornell West. Cornell West You know Cornell West is running into the third party presidential candidate, but he said he can't vote for him 'cause he's a bunny hopper. Because he is a bunny hopper. Yes. Hey, yo. Hello. Who's this? Yo. Hello. Hey, what's up Bro? How you doing brother? What's going on? Can you off your chest? Yeah, no, I just had some comments about You know what went down. I think it's, it's definitely a reflection of where You know the state of our, our country and like where we're at with everything.


And it's just very interesting. Like You know The left is basically showing like their true colors because like, they're supposedly the liberal progressives, but like, they're suddenly like believing in like false flags and like, oh, is it true? Is it not You know kind of vibe. And a lot of of people I talk to also, they're like, they wish it it, he was hurt. He was hurt You. know what I'm saying? And these are like the, the progressives and everything of that You know. And aside from that, I think the, the, it it's, it's showing like the radicalization of You know young men in, in this country too. Because You know Young, young white men. Young white men say it, call, say it what it is. No, I'm not. I I I, I mean I, yes it is young white men, but I think quietly it's becoming all men in general.


I mean, nope. Not giving you that one as culture. Because as culture becomes more gyno. I mean, you guys, you guys don't speak the most highly of young men. You know. And, and, and If, you just, if we look at the violence that, that, that occurs, You know in a lot of these incidents, incidences, it's You know the pariah of society that are kind of You know, often spoken down upon, Well you shouldn't call 'em pariahs. How about start there? How about You? know practice what you preach, my brother. You can't. Well, they No. Well, no. Well, they authorized, they said that he was, he was alone and he was humiliated in school and things of that nature. So not, and not justifying what he did or anything like that. I'm just saying it's, it's, it's basically a reflection. We Don't even know if that's the reason. He was a loner in school.


He was in a gun club, a local gun club and pa we don't know the reason. He had no real digital imprint. Imprint or, or no, nothing on social media. I, I don't, honestly, I don't know. Like this is, you can't just say anybody that's a loner is a You know. Yeah. I don't like the term pariah, even though I understand what the term pariah means. It means an outcast, but it also means an outcast or someone who's despised and avoided. It's the difference I think between being in being considered an outcast and being somebody who's despised and avoided. That's why I don't like to call people pariahs. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest, whether you're mad or blessed. So you better have the same Energy. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? It's just Remy. Hey, good morning. Get it off your chest. Yeah, I think that whole Trump thing was a hoax. Oh, you think it was fake? I think that The, yeah, I think it was fake. I think it was set up, I think it was for publicity, but I also think that the firefighter that passed away was an accident. So that needs to be looked into. So you think it was a hoax and you think the firefighter wasn't supposed to be killed? It was an accident. Right. I think he was just a casualty. Definitely. You think, you think the 20-year-old that that shot at Trump, you think that was supposed to happen?


He was supposed to hit Yeah. I think he about to. I really think he about to go to jail for no reason. I Think he dead. He's dead. He's dead, man. He died. Oh man. He got killed. The Secret service killed him right then and there. Oh, you don't think he's die? You don't think he's dead either? No, I think he's dead. I, I did. If he's dead, he's dead. I just don't think that, I think it was set up. I think Trump had everything to do with that. I'm, I'm, I'm reserving all my thoughts until 8:00 AM I'm, I'm not serious. I'm reserving all my, I'm just listening to everybody. I'm reserving. That's what I've been doing all weekend, just observing and listening and I'm reserving my thoughts until 8:00 AM Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Autumn. Autumn. Good morning. Morning. Help Jess. The season we never see. Oh, absolutely.


Okay. So I'm on my way back home. I'm coming from Florida. I got a 10 hour drive back to Pennsylvania. I'm, my hometown is in slippery rock that is 10 minutes outside of Butler. So what I'm trying to get off my chest this morning is just to just send some love out to the community. I unfortunately wasn't around You know my, my local family and friends when this happened over the weekend. But I wanted to send some love out. This is something that is not new to us here in America. We are constantly being forced and divided and through social media. I've been trying to stay offline, but it has just been bombarded with arguments and You know, putting yourself out there.


But I think we need to come back to ourselves, come back to the heart space and be there for each other. Because ultimately this is all we have. So that's, that's what I'm putting out there this morning. I like that message. You are, you are Caucasian, right? I'm actually Native American. Oh, Okay. Okay. How old are you? I'm 28. 28 people. I've been listening to y'all. So for, for a long time. And I. Really appreciate all that you put out there in the love Charlamagne, DJ Envy, and Jess, congratulations. Thank, thank you so Much. Thank you very much. Have a good morning. All right. Safe drive. I appreciate that message. Absolutely. Thank you. Good morning. All righty. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. You can hear this up now. We got Jess with the mess coming up. What we talking about Jess? Yes. Cameron decided to get up and walk off his podcast show because of Dwayne Wade's nail line.


Oh boy. All right. We'll get into that next little move. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Happy Monday morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess h Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess News. Real Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess, don't do no lying. Don't She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off big. Pregnant. And you already know this.


Okay, so Cameron reacts to do Dwayne, Dwayne Wade's potential plans. So remember before the break I was telling y'all that he got mad, but D Wade sat down on CBS mornings and he revealed what his newest venture might be. He talks about it, your nails look Better than mine. Don't do that. Don't do that. They do, don't do that. So when are we Getting the new manicure? You know I'm work. I'm, I'm working on, I'm thinking about like, I'm actually thinking about jumping into the nail line like The World. Oh really? I've been thinking about it. Yeah, I've been thinking about it like I've been in it so long. And, I'm like, You. know what? It could be a good time. But I got some cool ideas that I'm


At public.com. We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place. 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Greetings, GULs and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling When she was with her imaginary friend. She would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the sum looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast where we chat to well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside. But through our discussions they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend, improve as a parent. There's so much discussion of how do we build our careers. When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's the hardest question you've ever asked your mom? Mom, what happened to your sister Margarita? For me, it's about a murder that's haunted my family for decades. They said that they took her And the next day she was already dead. To find the answers, I went to the place where my family's from El Salvador and found that the story starts with a priest who was killed on the altar and sparked a war. I'm Jasmine Romero and on Sacred Scandal Nation of Saints. Join me as we uncover an unholy war. One that includes government coverups and politicians turn death squad leaders. But I'll also tell you the story of one family mine. Because on this journey I found out that we had more secrets than I knew. Listen to Sacred Scandal, nation of Saints as part of the Mike ura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's time for a brand new podcast. Do you love weird pop culture facts? Like, mm, I don't know. What is Tory Spelling's favorite salad? Well then you're gonna love the podcast I do with my best friend, celebrity book club with Steven and Lily. You've probably seen books at Barnes and Noble and thought those look silly. I wonder what is inside of them. We've decided because we are grown consenting adults that we're gonna read a book every single week. And here we are. You probably don't have time to read books. Let us do it for you. We discuss the inner workings of the minds of these authors at great detail From Abraham Lincoln to Lauren Graham, John Stamos to Sylvia Plath. We cover lots of celebrities books, be they memoirs, poetry, children's books or cookbooks. And we discuss them in nauseating detail. It's pretty academic. It's basically literary criticism. So get your degree, put your glasses on And listen to Celebrity book club with Steven and Lily on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Explore. So this is breaking news actually, I need to tell you guys, I've been having some conversations on my own about exploring And I. Got a couple ideas and one of my ideas is one of my favorite things to do when it comes to this is actually sitting down with my daughter and getting my nails painted and painting hers. Which daughter? Because he is too old to be painting z Wade's nails. That's A good question. Yeah, because You know who many thoughts he got because he got a one, right? They got a aba. No, no, no. Yeah, the baby girl. Girl. Oh, got with Gabby? Yeah. Okay. All right. I had to think 'cause I'm like, Uhuh, come on. 'cause Zaya can go to the shop. That's Not a bad idea though. 'cause it is so many men out here getting they nails painted nowadays. It Is. It is. But Regardless of how you feel about it, how do you make it different? Like how do you make painting nails like a a new line?


Is it new colors? Is It He might have like his own gel polish or like his own little stones like that. They You know the decals and stuff that you can on. Yep. All you gotta do is put his name on some paint. Right. You, know what I'm saying? Pretty much D Wade Polish or whatever. People will buy it. Well, your wade polish With the glitter and the confetti. Gotcha. But in a recent episode of it is what it is, they attempted to discuss this, the potential plan, but they couldn't really get far. 'cause Cameron, he wasn't going forward. He didn't go to audio. Dwayne Wade. So he reveals he's considering creating a nail care line. He said, oh goodness. One of his favorite pastimes is getting manicures with his daughter.


How to get paid young. Get paid. So you get here like D Wade, like, I mean, not D Wade Cam came on taking his mic off. He like immediately started taking the mic off and d Wade commented and he saw that and he was like, it's the old goodness for me. 'cause Cam said, oh my goodness. Oh goodness. Before he got up. But this is the thing, Cam got up and put a purse on and left out. Did he like It was Yes. Yes. He, I'm talking, he whipped it on his shoulder. Like, oh goodness, I ain't doing this. Take his mic off. I'm sure it wasn't Purse, Purse on and got outta here. Wasn't no Damn purse A man bagg. I ain't even see it. But he had a statue, Right? It was a, yeah. One of them things that we wear a lot.


A statue. Oh, a statue, okay. But either way, you can't get mad at a man with a nail on and then you get up, put your purse on like, I'm outta here. Yo, that was hilarious to Me. I I respect Cam for just getting up and walking away because If, you don't have anything nice to say. You don't only say anything at all. Don't say anything. Even though I don't necessarily believe in that. But I would say Cam used to get smoked from wearing pink all the time. Yeah. So I would of, so I I would think he would have a little bit more understanding. He got smoke for that. Oh Yeah. They used joke Cam at first for wearing pink. Absolutely. And everybody started wearing pink and everybody started wearing pink. Everybody started wearing Look nice. And I didn't know nobody had a problem with it. And that's what I'm saying now you got so many dudes already wearing You know, already getting their fingernails painted. Dwayne Wade come out with a a a a fingernail paint line.


It is. And it'll probably be a lot of dudes that buy it. I'm telling you. It is loyal. Gonna be the first one in the line. Oh, let me get that. That's Why I laughing. That's it. What happened to Young get paid Young Get paid. That was funny. Go knock the hustle. That Is funny. Anyway, I love it is what it is. By the way. Dropping a clues bomb here is What it's Yeah, that's a good show. Fantastic show With Khalifa. Break silence after being arrested in Romania. So he performed at the Beach Please Festival in Romania on Saturday. And he's being charged with illegal drug possession after using marijuana while performing. You can see in the video where he's in You know after one of his performances, he takes the blunt out on stage. We can say blunt, right?


Yes, yes. He takes the blunt. I I'll be so scared what to say up here. So he takes the blunt out. When he starts smoking, he lights it up on stage. Later on that night, he was searched by authorities and he was caught with 18 grams of cannabis. Cannabis is considered a risk drug under Romanian law. And if Wiz is convicted, he could face up to 10 years in prison in Romania. Wiz was taken for questioning by local authorities after there's a performance early on Sunday along with several other people. He was charged, but he was released soon after. And that's what he jumped on Twitter to say last night show was amazing. I didn't mean any disrespect to the country of Romania by lighting up on stage. They were very respectful. And let me go, I'll be back soon. But without a big ass joint next time.


Absolutely If. you go to prison, you're gonna have to, I don't know why we think Yeah, These artists are crazy. Yeah. Like going out the country. No. Who do we think we are? Like Americans, period. Like but like yeah, artists. But why? And then they haven't learned from Britney yet. Nobody has learned from Britney. You gotta study laws when you go another country. A Hundred percent. Learn the laws of the land. You going to a hundred Percent you have to. Because for cannabis to be a risk drug under Romanian law, you didn't know that your team didn't do research. That's right. You You know what I'm saying? That was just not for somebody. Think they can go and then you lit up on stage like, You know what I'm feeling good. And people was in comments like, why book Wizz if they knew that he Yeah.


No, you're right. Not but not even, not even international. You just gotta know what state you're in. You know what venue you're in. Yeah. I remember a couple of weeks ago Little Duvall was performing and they was so scared Duval was gonna light up on stage that they begged him like nine times. Please don't, they're gonna shut the show down. And he didn't, but well At least they did. Told him, asked him You. know what I'm saying? They did tell him. But, and And, and by the way, If you, if If you, If you. I forgot I was even gonna say, oh, you're not booking somebody. You thought you said about the fans saying, oh I booked with Khalifa. You're booking him to perform not mean smoke weed. Exactly. Not to smoke. That's Crazy. Yes. Come On. Yeah, that's what I was saying. But that is just with the mess for the first hour. And Luke Duvall on another successful Duvall Day in Jacksonville, man dropping Aon for little Duvall.


Okay. He had a very successful Duvall day this past Saturday. Whole bunch of people, no problems. That's no issues, no assassination attempts, no fights, nothing. Not at all. Shout to Duval. Alright, now when we come back, Morgan Wood will be joining us from the Black Information Network. She'll be giving us some front page news. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Good morning. Good morning. So yeah, what's happening this week? Republicans are across from across the country, are gathering in Milwaukee this week to officially nominate Donald Donald Trump for the presidency. Security has been dramatically heightened and the Secret Service is confident in their plan following the assassination attempt on Trump's life during a campaign rally on Saturday in Pennsylvania.


Now Secret Service RNC security coordinator Audrey Gibson Chio joined Milwaukee Police Chief Jeffrey Norman and smoke more about security measures. Let's hear more from them. We've Been working on the RNC security plan for more than a year and have been in constant coordination with our partners and the Republican National Committee. During our extensive planning efforts. We have accounted for various security scenarios that may arise and we are confident in the plan we have implemented for the Republican National Convention this week. We will continue to assess the security environment and adapt our security measures as appropriate. The Secret Service is working diligently with the Milwaukee Police Department as well as all of our federal, state and local partners to ensure a safe and secure convention for attendees volunteers in the city of Milwaukee.


Yeah, that's crazy. I wouldn't have confidence in, in my team if I was Donald Trump. I definitely wouldn't. I mean, the fact that a 20-year-old pretty much kid came there, people was telling people that there's a guy on the roof with a gun and, and the fact that he was still able to let those shots go and I'm supposed to have the best security team in the country in The, World, nah, I wouldn't have confidence in my team. Yeah, well, Milwaukee Police chief Jeffrey Norman also spoke during that audio where he basically said, you can't prepare for everything but Milwaukee is prepared. He's a black man. Just saying, go ahead brother. About 50,000 people are expected to descend on the city and protests are expected outside of the secure area area Police who live, or excuse me, people who live downtown will have to deal with major delays and crowds all week.


So convention goers and residents are asked to pack their patients with some understanding this week. Now meanwhile, back to the shooting the FBI is leading the probe into the assassination attempt. They of course identified the gunman as 20-year-old Thomas Matthew Crooks, the FBI said, he acted alone. Although the motive of the shooting remains unclear, they of course swarmed his home after the event overnight and found explosive materials. A former classmate described crooks as a loner who was frequently bullied in high school. Now, multiple reports say the suspect used a semi-automatic rifle when he opened fire during the rally. Speaker Mike Johnson, who says the house will conduct a full investigation.


He wrote, the American people deserve to know the truth and said they'll have secret service. And FBI officials appear for a hearing as soon as possible. Attorney General Merrick Garland is also canceling traveling plans for the week to focus on the probe into the assassination attempt. That's according to the Justice Department. Garland was supposed to travel to Nevada, Idaho, Utah, and Kansas to speak at the National Bar Association and speak with local enforcement in tho local law enforcement in those states. But he has since changed his plans. And of course, Trump was spotted golfing yesterday as if nothing happened. He flew into Milwaukee last night and it's being reported that he will deliver a different speech than originally intended for the RNC.


Now speaking to the Washington examiner, he said his original speech was going to be a humdinger, but that a new one is a chance to bring the country together. He went on to say that he has received calls from both parties in the past day. Now this incident has not slowed the Trump campaign down. In fact, he's already using the fist pump imagery to fundraise. Many people are calling the incident a, a little distasteful or at least that a little bit distasteful. Meanwhile, president Biden's reelection campaign, they will resume on Monday night, or excuse me tonight after a short break. You know they're just trying to take a moment. I guess it's like a moment of silence, A mo moment of Solemness You know because of the loss of lives.


What Do they call in distasteful? The the the money shot where he got his fist in, his fist in the air and the blood coming outta his face and the American flag behind him. The Fact that he's already using it as You know fundraising imagery. It's already on his fundraising page. I mean, there's so many different things that are being said. You know people are calling the incident staged. Others are calling for You know to, to denounce these type of narratives and call for unity. That's why I'm curious to see You know we have, I am not even gonna hold you guys. We got a big platform. See what we You know what what we do here. I told you I I I'm reserving all my thoughts until 8:00 AM only I will say this about in front page news, just, just to tone that Republicans set at the RNC over the next 72 hours.


At at is, is very important. Like You know, they they have the power to escalate and deescalate a lot. And if I was them, I would try to deescalate because there is a climate that exists in this country right now. We are clearly re re regardless of what party you are in. You're not safe. Hmm. Well, yeah. So again, Biden's reelection campaign, they will resume tonight following a short break after this shooting officials tell the hill that the DNC will also start back up. Biden's Prime time interview goes on tonight NBC on Monday. Yes. It will mark the beginning of his campaign kicking back into gear. And shout out to the black information networks Vanessa Tyler, who is on site at RNC And I.


Hope to get some coverage from her today regarding what's going on. See what, how you, as you mentioned, how that tone is actually set. Well, I ain't send you Morgan. You could have dusted off your MAGA hat You. know what I'm saying? We're out there undercover. Mm. Okay. So that's your four page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Thank you Morgan. You could follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network at Black Information Network and BIN news.com. All right, now when we come back, Pete Rock in Common will be joining us. Their new album. The Auditorium Value one is in stores now. Fantastic album. But keep in mind I was born in 1,978, so I appreciate adult contemporary, adult contemporary hip hop.


That's right. We're gonna talk to them next. Don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special legends in the building today. Today, yes indeed. Yes indeed. We got the brother Common and the brother Pete Rock. Welcome. Yes sir. Good. Please peace. How y'all feeling man? Man, this is this. I got breakfast here. Nah, nah, I wish. Nah, good morning. Some morning. Yo, this, this is a beautiful day, man. For us to like, have a new album and just be together creating music, man. I ain't gonna front I I was, last night I was just like taking things in like man, it's been some years of making music ups and downs and to be here, like just releasing new music and the fact that some people see me on the street like, yo, when that new P Rock joint coming out of that, I ain't had that in a long time.


So I ain't gonna front. I'm feeling like just blessed and on a high man, just a spiritual high. You be on the street and, and this is how hip hop comedy is If, you try to battle common in anything on the street. It don't matter if it's dancing, if it's rapping. Yeah, if it's graffiti, he's to the full and, and he participates. He participates and age don't matter. He be spinning on his back. I'd be like, I know his bag hurt after that. I know his bag Got hurt. Hey envy. Yo, my, my team be tripping. 'cause we was in a prison, man. We was You know doing some prison work and this girl wanted to battle me in a break dancing. And her girl was like, yo, she could break dancing. She gonna get you. I was like, okay.


So she started doing her little pop locking man. I went down and did some windmills, ate out. They was like, they was like, you ain't gonna let the girl in prison beat you man. And I'm a competitive man. I wanna win You know the new album is the Auditorium V won produced entirely by, by Pete Rock. Yeah. Why, why is King's Theater the cover for this project? Well, once I, we got the title of the auditorium. We wanted a dope, a dope theater, a dope auditorium. We had heard about different ones. And I looked at King's Theater. Somebody from my team sent sent it to me. Nicole And I was like, yo, that's it. And I was like, man, they they gonna fit it within the budget. And for a second I called, I called my, my agent Mary who books my shows And I was like, yo, can you help us to get King's Theater?


She was like, I'm going there tomorrow. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get, I talked to them and then I went up there. Yo, I went up there on my own, just went and knocked on the door like, Hey, y'all You know we wanna shoot a cover. Me and Pete Rock and the dude, the security let me in and was like talking to the person like, yo Common is right here asking me, wow, could I get, so it ended up Yo Charla man. It ended up being like, man, this was divine order because You know when we was taking those pictures and it said King's Theater, I was like, this is dope. And it's You know, they've had like a lot of historic, it's in Brooklyn. They had a lot of historic performances and Diana Ross reopened that spot and actually Yo Fell, your wife was lived around that area.


So it was a lot of tie-ins. And even just shooting a cover, Pete And I was like, man, we ain't shot a album cover in a minute. Where you going through that experience of taking shots and just You know? It was, it was dope Man used still so salute to the King's Theater. Yeah. Your production is so stellar. Thank you bro. It's still so stellar. And I. I was wondering, did you have these beats in the stash or did you make these purposely for common in this project? I had Some in the Stash and maybe made some recently, but they were all done. And then You know, I just took a whole bunch and start sending it to him. Well he came to the crib first. Yeah. And then You know he sat down. And I started playing Beats. He was like, yep, yep, yep. That one. That one. Yeah. He fast too.


But he also was sending, but he also was sending me records too, like that. And that's a process that You know I haven't been a part of in a minute where, where like I'm sitting down and the producers like got the record and he finding this what he's about to sample for me. Pete was sending these, these records. And I was like, yo, yo, that's it right there. You know, like looked at and, and to be a part of that process, it's like a creative thing. I feel like that's how you can come with a sound. And it was even bigger than just us. Like just making music. To be honest, soon as I got to Pete's crib, we start talking about life You know and that and that. And that's something that's like in the, in the process of being artist and creating together, it's like you need to be able to like be, be connect as human beings like.


And like, man, we was talking about therapy life. You know you sometimes you just know when you in the right place You know it's energy, energy, energy is like, and that God intuition is one of the, the most like, underrated things. And I was like, soon as I was at his crib, I was like, okay, we gonna do an album. Like, and And I felt like we both would put our heart and souls into it. And I was noticing that his sound was fresh. It wasn't like, Didn't sound old, didn't sound dated. Nah, nah, I just took what we did from back in the day and just kind of mixed it in with what's going on today. You know and we wanna, we wanna rock with the Youngs. Yeah. I was gonna ask You know the celebration last year, the, the 50th celebration, it seemed like it, it made people respect hip hop again.


Yes. And not just the newer artists. The older artists. Because I'm seeing a lot of the, the OGs back on tour. Yes. I love that. And I'm seeing their show sold out people. Have you guys witnessed that? Yes, Bro. I was, I was on that, that ll force tour with the Roots for a second. And I did different cities. Cleveland, Chicago, Detroit. I'm like, yo, it's people here like coming in they outfits like, like fresh celebrating this music. Yeah. And lls doing songs that ain't even hit, like hits from his album. Like one 900 ll and people to it. And that, that, like all that was, I I agree that we celebrated the culture. What made me feel good was like we celebrated ourselves. We ain't have to like wait for somebody else to determine what this was.


It was like, man, we celebrating ourselves. Like when I first started rhyming, I ain't know like I'm 52 years old. You know I'm rhyming. Like I'm And I still And I still feel the love of of what that I have for this culture. And I didn't know when I was 19 rapping I'm like, I was thinking like by the time I'm 30 man, I might not be able to do this. Right. Right. But we just didn't have any blueprints of people who had evolved and grown in the, in the industry to be able to find out how to exist and, and, and, and so many genres of music, they do it right. Like, I mean I'm a, I'm a big jazz head and it's a, it is a jazz drummer named Roy Haynes that plays in his nineties You know And I. I want to, I feel like we now feel believe that hip hop and you can be however old and just create, if the music is good, young, old, I mean just create great music Now when you heard the Drake and Kendrick beef Right.


That fuel you to be like, I want to get back into it. 'cause you was the type that they, they used to throw shots at you all the time. Yeah, yeah. You would throw shots back. It doesn't That's what I bro, Did you feel like, did give you you that that that feeling of, I I wanna jump back into this. I Want to think about it. I ain't want to get in a battle. 'cause I was like, not battle that battle, but I was, I I was more like man enthused and kind of like, well it was a, it was to me one of the greatest battles that ever existed. I think the greatest I might have to agree. I, I do feel like because I've been through some experiences and heard certain songs that mean so much to me that I probably ain't been able to give it up. It's like when people be like LeBron or Jordan. Right, right. You know. It's like, because I grown up through Jordan, it's still, but I recognize that LeBron is right there.


Chicagoans get mad at me for saying that, but LeBron is, is right there. Yeah. But that being said, I would say if I'm just being purely true, I do think it was the best battle because of the back and forth that they, and the way they were delivering records and how great the records were. And, I wanna say as a, as a Mc, like that was a real battle. It wasn't like just as soon as it started, somebody had won. Drake was delivering and then Kendrick just came and said, yo, I got this. And, and did delivered something just two of the greatest, not only this song, songs in hip hop to me, like Meet the Grams and, and not like USA just classic songs, but Drake was not like just sitting down.


He was fighting. It was a heavyweight fight. Yeah. Just in this battle. Kendrick just prevailed man and brought the people together. So he, he just won. That's the part. Alright, We got more


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public investing, Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Greeting schools and girls and Welcome to Haunting purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a Claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The things That I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast where we chat to well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside, but through our discussions they share the vulnerabilities in imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend, improve as a parent. There's so much discussion of how do we build our careers. When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's the hardest question you've ever asked your mom? Mom, what happened to your sister Margarita? For me, it's about a murder that's haunted my family for decades. They said that they took her and the next day she was already dead. To find the answers, I went to the place where my family's from El Salvador and found that the story starts with a priest who was killed on the altar and sparked a war. I'm Jasmine Romero and on Sacred Scandal Nation of Saints. Join me as we uncover an unholy war. One that includes government coverups and politicians turned death squad leaders. But I'll also tell you the story of one family mine because on this journey I found out that we had more secrets than I knew. Listen to Sacred Scandal, nation of Saints as part of the Mike ura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


But we loved is a podcast about queer history. I'm Jordan Gonsalves, your host. Growing up, I thought being gay was the worst thing I could ever be. The gay history I learned was tragic. Jerry had died of aids, and it's like, what is happening? It Was survival. That's why it's called survival sex. But as I interviewed queer elders, I realized there was another history that I had never been taught. A history of courage and perseverance. I wanted to take control of my story and not be ashamed of it. And it was a history full of love. The joy we found in saying husband again and again and again was incredible. And while learning this new queer history from my elders, I realized they had so much wisdom to pass down. The Key is to understanding yourself, learning to love, and embrace yourself. For iHeartPodcasts. I'm Jordan Gonsalves, and this is, but we loved listen to, but we loved on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Common and Pete Rock, when we come back. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with Common. And Pete Rock, Charlemagne, and this might be a dumb question, but did you really have the daydream or dreams that you described on dreaming on, on the new album? Because they sound so vivid. Yeah, Yeah. Well, I actually, some of those dreams definitely happen. And that's one of the things that for me, like people come to me in my dreams, especially like people that have transitioned passed and left and passed on. Like, that's why I talk about my cousin Alee, who died in, in a motorcycle accident in Brooklyn 2009. That my man Yeah, he he come to, yeah, Pete, Pete actually used to ride motorcycles with him, but, but God bless his soul, like, and all these people, Dr.


Maya, they have come to me in my dreams. Wow. But this that's great. I was like, let me just be like, because I, I've been in the MC space, like, I was like, let me be clever with it and talk about Prince and, and talk about these things and just play with the words of it, but also keep the, the spirit of like what dreaming is. And when people come to visit you in your dreams, Did y'all have a discussion about that? Is that what inspired you? Yeah. Okay. Because I told 'em HEV comes to me in my dreams. Troy comes to me in my dreams. You know. Yeah. Every one I lost from family members to friends You. know what I'm saying? They come to me. Wow. And I. I take that as a sign and that they're watching me and they got eyes on me. Yeah. And I feel like You know the ancestors speak to us in different ways.


And And I definitely believe. And even though I don't even always remember all those dreams, I still like remember the visits and, and then You know for me to talk about Nelson Mandela when prison couldn't break on and You know when Malcolm talking about Isa Laham, he in the window saying, ISA Laham, I'm thinking about that by any means, necessary picture where he was in the window. Like all those things, man, I was just, I wanted to give it up for, for people who've inspired me. It was almost like a tribute to, to the ancestors, but in a, in a good way. When You produce Troy, right, what was the mindset back then? Because usually people didn't do records like that. It was either hard records, it was club records, it was party records, it was street records.


But you did a record as a, as a reminisce, as a dedication record. What was the mind framing? What was the labels mind frame feeling of putting that record out of all? 'cause that's one of the most classic records out there. Well, I'm gonna start off saying I was depressed. You know. I I was really depressed. 'cause it You know we lost one a a a a block general too. He was like, he taught me how to fight, taught me this, taught me that. So when we lost them You know it was the whole community was was was crazy. So I went somehow found the strength to go dig through records. And I found this record and listened to the whole thing. And when I listened to the whole thing, I got emotional, started crying. And I said that was a sign to say, yo, try to do something with this You.


know what I'm saying? And so that's what I did. And I heard these elements in the song, and that drove me to make the Beat Man You. know what I'm saying? And when I heard that sax, you knew it was it. That was it. I was like, no hook, no nothing. Just rock that horn. Did cl have that, that lyrics already done. Really? He just, he added Troy. He did. All he did was like, change a few things, but he, he, I came when I gave him the BD, he had the lyrics, but he just changed some, a few things. Words to come into the concept of Detroit. Why did, how did you feel when you first heard that acronym? Like that's like the damn U Reminisce Over You. That was real clever of cl for him to come up with that title You know what I'm saying?


That was, that was crazy to spell out my man's name and how that title is, is it was this Magic was happening for us Bro You know what I'm saying? Like yeah, everything was coming together. We did that You know we don't give you credit for a two P Rock man always putting Dawkin Brothers in a pocket on Chocolate Boy Wonder. Just that, just that title. Come on on, Come on bro. Dark Kin. You call yourself Chocolate Boy wonder at some point. It's Common You know what? I don't give you enough respect. No, nah. Look, light-skinned, dark skinned. Here we go. You know. I'm saying who filled that in you though? Heavy D was very talented in coming up with names. He gave c smu his name gave Pete gave me, well his brother, my cousin Floyd gave me Pete Rock and he have taught me a lot about like bridges and songs, You know, like just how to structure a song, a hit song.


And then it stuck with me You know what I'm saying? Because he was the first one to notice my talents. He was like, yo, you got some, but he's saying you need to bring that out. P he's saying who instilled that? That that black Black like, like black pride. Like as a, as a, as a chocolate person. Confidence In Your Oh, for me? Yeah. Oh, I mean You know what I'm saying? Like I had the talent You know, I You know. I thought I was decent looking as a, as a black man. Yes sir. But alright, I just rolled man. You already had it. When we come from that era though, we come from the black and proud era You know. Yes sir. Like even when I listened to You know on honor of God You know You got a line on that song. You say, my testimony came from all the the testing. Yes, sir. Just kinda expound on that a little bit. Man. I, I feel like anything that I'm really can talk about from a, from a pure and like a place that resonates is because I, I've experienced some things in life and You know I experienced things like we all do.


But that human testing, that thing of going through things is what allows us to really connect And I. And I'm just saying like, man, we gotta go through things to, to have a testimony that really means something and resonates. I ain't saying you go out there to try to suffer, but, but You know, life gives you things and it, and it's the way we deal with it and overcome it and, and move through it. And what builds character that will allow us to be like, yo, when I'm sitting down with people, they listen because they know I've been through something You know. So that's the testimony. You Know You got Jennifer Hudson on the record. How is it asking your lady for a feature and does she charge you? Well, let me say this. It was definitely, it kind of just came pure because I was playing the record.


And I had the rhyme and Peter sent me the beat. And I loved this, this beat And I thought it was a Aretha Franklin, a sample from Aretha Franklin. And I asked Pete, he like, nah, that ain't Aretha Franklin. And Jennifer heard it and was like, man, that is incredible. Like that's outta all the beats I was playing. She like, that's that's my favorite right there. And, I, And I. And it just, man, I was like, damn, this kind of give you that soul for Aretha. Jennifer played Aretha in a movie. And I could tell she was inspired by it. I was like, yo, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get her to sing on it. But at first, after I You know, we, I had the verses in the subject matter. I wanted PJ, who was a incredible artist and writer. PJ Dope. PJ is super dope.


She You know. Yeah, she from North Carolina. It's super dope. But I had her write the hook and, and, and then also I was like, I want Jennifer to sing kind of what the sample is doing. And I was like, what's up, you wanna do this? She was like, yes, yes. I, because she, she was excited to do it. And You know ain't no charge. It'll be a fair exchange. I'll do do something on her. No points on the back. You know no points, no points. Alright, we got more with Common and Pete Rock when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Common and Pete Rock, their album, the Auditorium volume Morning.


It is out right now. Now Common. How do you deal with the criticism like you dated women in the industry that were famous. Yes. And sometimes people go at them. Yes. How do you deal with that being their man, but you also know that this is the entertainment world. Yeah, man, I try to do my best, do my best to, when I'm like in a relationship or partnership that is with somebody public, which has happened, I just try to make sure we stay as sacred as possible with us. And like, I try to make sure we build together and have our own like foundation. Because once people start talking, it can, it can distract you, it can get you off, it can discourage you. But If, you got the foundation and know what y'all purpose to do. You know. And that's, I guess any relationship.


But for me that's what's been like dealing with the, the publicity of the stuff. And You know you feel something if somebody attacking somebody you care about you love, you want to, you going to defend them. You want to defend them. But You know, I try not to get caught up too much into what people talking about the relationship. Especially if it ain't true and if it is true that it wasn't supposed to be out there like that. So we gotta resolve that within the house. Like If somebody criticizes her show for instance, right? Yeah. And then you gotta do an interview. It's like, it it got who was her come got a great roster. He talking about about, I would never talk about it Go home, And, I, married, come on.


Like You know. So how do you deal with that? Because you might just wanna say, You know what, I ain't like what he said, I'm gonna talk to him later on. So how do you deal with that? But then you also know like, this is the entertainment industry. And I gotta let it go. But You know people sometimes people think common is sweet, right? And I know Common ain't Sweet. And I every Once in a while seen Common tell the story, Seen it seen On stage rapping and then walked in the crowd smack somebody and did not stop freestyle Talking about smacking the dude South Carolina House of Blues eyes. Wow. That Was, hey that was back there. Like we said, light-skinned s ain't just go back down. So how do you deal with that part of It? Nah, but for me, man, like when people criticize your your work, man, you can't really take that too personal.


Like, I get criticized all the time. You know I done got caught out for wearing crochets. You know, like, you gotta know who you are. And like If you put out like I put out music, they this people like, man this, what is this? Like I can't take that personal. So I I apply that with her. Like if somebody's talking about her show, they don't like the show. I, I under You know that's what they, that's what they feel. But if somebody disrespect her space, that's a different thing. Right? Like, just like, it's different than criticizing on, on You know the, the work we do than it is like disrespecting the space of a person. So that's how I feel. But a show is doing excellent, bro. So I'm, I'm happy for her and I'm grateful she on the album Jay Hud. Yeah. How do you feel when you look back at the electric circus time come?


Because I, I think about like You know we people ask the locks about the shiny suit time. Yeah, yeah. What do you look back when you look at back circus time? What do you think, what did the Queen Eric bot do? We got her on the way. Oh Yes. I Love, was it her that had you dressing like that? Because I love when the internet this new ine old stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And that's what they say. Nah, what Well see, this was, this is the thing. Erica is very influential, but not influential enough to say dress like this. And I would do it. I'm I'm, I'm, I'm I'm a man. Like though, like, I'm gonna be like, I'm gonna put on what I like everybody might like ask they woman when, when your lady be like, oh, you look good. You feel good about that? Yeah. But I am not going to my lady like, is this one right or that, I mean, I might ask that, but nobody's gonna say, yo, wear this.


Wear wear, wear this. And, and she You know. That's a powerful woman. She's amazing, incredible human being too. And just man, just, just one of the greatest. But as far as dressing me, no, that never Happened. That never happened. How do you, how do you tap into that Chicago energy all these years later? You know you, you've been all over The. World. Yeah. So how do you tap into that energy To be, I'm gonna be real, real with you. Like having a lady that's from Chicago allow me to go home and just be home. Wow. Like, and And I hadn't did that in a while where I was just like going home and just being around my loved ones and didn't have no work to do. Man, I ain't gonna front that helped me with this album.


That sound, that sound like you might get married, come for real. Like, that sound like you building a real foundation. I mean, listen, I mean this is definitely a, with all due respect to all the women I've, I've dated You know. 'cause they all, it's all love. But this is a really healthy and beautiful relationship bro. And like, I'm just doing my best to keep God first and communicating, taking all the stuff I've learned as a, as a human being, the failures I've had and in relationships on my responsibility. I'm taking that learning from that, growing from it, using all the therapy, all the, all the You know, understanding that man let me enjoy moments and, and also just life is about creating happiness and creating joy and creating love and embracing the grace that exists.


So when you with somebody who's from where you from, it's a different kind of connection too. That's something else. But I mean, she's from where I'm from spiritually, she's from where I'm from, from like, from where we geographically come from The shot And You know, just from where I'm from as a person, like one of the things that that I felt was before we even started was together, we were doing this movie, this security guard said to me, he was, I came to the set, he was like, man, you and Jennifer Hudson, two of the coolest celebrities I ever met, man. I was like, what? For real? He's like, nah, y'all real cool. And he was like, she just bought this ice cream for all these people here on the, the set. And I was like, man, I just like people to treat people. Good word. That's probably the home too for me. So yeah, I mean she Is she there Bro, you seem the happiest.


So you, so you're saying you wanna get married. I mean that would sound like to me, comedy. I mean if, if I'm going to get married, it's to her. Wow. Well That's simple as that. And I. See Pete Rock smiling every time you talk about her, he's smiling like, he's like, like he might know something that we don't know. I, I, I don't know nothing. I dislike it. I like to see them You. know what I'm saying? Together. It makes me feel good. That's Good. I got a hip, a hip hop, head record, CMO and P Rock. Whatever happened to the group, Just growing pains, man. You know. It's weird. We're two different people. Y'all cool with each other now or? Mm, I can't say that, but You know because I You know because I wish anniversary. I never seen y'all perform together. Yeah. And I. I always said, damn, that would be for 58, 50 year anniversary.


Yeah. Everybody coming back. I was like, it, it would be a amazing to see Troy on stage schedule Or the record straight out. Yeah. I, I feel the same way. But You know some things just can't happen. You know and it is what it is. It's not, it's just life, bro. You know what I'm saying? My last question, You know, we saw meth recently. He said that he realized that there's a generation gap is just too wide for him. He don't wanna perform at certain concerts, younger concerts at certain concerts. Do y'all feel that way? And do you feel like there's not a home for OGs in hip hop as far as not even just perform of a radio as well? Mm. I I don't feel that way. I feel that like man music can prevail over any age. Like the one good thing is that I feel like a lot of that music is coming around again to the, to the youngest.


If we deliver music that has that soul and that timelessness, young people will respond. Old people respond. People will respond. Well If, you looking for that? The auditorium V one is out right now. Yep. Listen, I and Pete Rock, let's play a join off today. What y'all want here. Oh, I was gonna say let the Sunshine again. Okay, Well thank y'all for joining us. Pick up the album right now. The auditorium volume one is out right now. Common P Rock. Yes sir. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess is real Hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She Don't spare nobody Worldwide.


Worldwide. On The Breakfast Club. She's a coaches shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it door. Okay, so Alec Baldwin, case dismissed. If, you don't remember. Back in October, 2021, Alec Baldwin was rehearsing a scene on the set of the Western movie Rust, which I don't think ever came out when the prop revolver he was holding went off and killed Cinematographer Helena Hutchins. He was originally charged with involuntary manslaughter and a firearm enhancement charge. The charge was, the charges were dismissed altogether in April, 2023 as prosecutors cited new facts in the case.


Then in January, a grand jury indicted him on an involuntary manslaughter charge. Once again, he could have been sentenced up to sentenced up to 18 months in prison if the jurors agreed he committed the felony. But in a shocking turn of events, the judge on the trial dismissed the case. On Friday, Alec Baldwin breaking news. He's breaking down in tears. The judge dismissed this case and the decision came after the judge determined that prosecutors, they withheld evidence. The pivotal moment in Alec Baldwin's criminal trial seen here when the actor's legal team claimed new Mexico prosecutors did not disclose new evidence pertaining to the live rounds found on the Russ film set in 2021. The judge sending the jury home on Friday as she decided whether to dismiss the case against Baldwin.


The State's willful withholding of this information was intentional and deliberate. Your motion to dismiss with prejudice is granted. His lawyer said that the Santa Fe County Sheriff's Office took possession of live rounds and of ammunition as evidence, but did not record them in the official case file of Reveal that their existence to the actor's defense team. So as a result of that, the judge was asked to dismiss the case, arguing that they should have known about the collection of live rounds and given the ability to determine for themselves whether it was crucial to the case or not. So it's been dismissed. I totally agree with that. I I never thought he should have went to trial right in the first place.


Yeah, I never, I never I understood it either. I never understood how that became his responsibility. He was an actor on set. He doesn't do props. Nope, he did not know that was not a prop gun. Like I never thought he should be on trial for that. Yeah. Yeah. It was an accident. Sad. And he was very, very remorseful for Helene Hutchins. Like he said, he knew her and her family and he just didn't understand how that happened. Like that Complete negligence, You know on whoever put that real gun there. Yeah, but I never thought Alex Baldwin should be Oh, real rounds. Yeah. And that's the person who should be tried. Like that's the person who should be in his place. Oh. Should have been in his place in, in court and stuff. 50 cent in Trump's assassination attempt. As we know, a young man named Thomas Matthew Crooks took a shot at Trump on Saturday.


The bullet grace his air and Trump survived the assassination's attempt after assassination. Attempt 50 tweeted a picture of the Give Rich or die trying cover. But for with Trump's face on his body with the caption, Trump gets shot and now I'm trending. That's what he said. So apparently he wasn't the one that made it, made the, the the cover. But he was the only one that I seen posted. Yo 50 is funny. He be trolling. Maybe he made it, maybe he didn't. But later on he had a show in Boston and he had the same picture up on display while he performed many men. I think that is hilarious. That is funny. I have, I really believe that Donald Trump is gonna come out to many men. You think so? At the Republican National Convention. I wouldn't be surprised. I I I can see it.


I would not be surprised In more 50 news he responds to Omari Hardwick during a recent appearance on a panel at the Tribeca Film Festival. Omari Hardwick address fans disappointment about his character ghosts being killed in the Power series. That's what he said. Matt, I have so much empathy for the fans bro, because you were sold and told a story that did not continue guys in the way that it was sold and told to me that it would continue. So y'all have every right to be like it didn't end right and because we don't honor our fans enough, but had it ended the way that we started the show, then I think you guys would be extremely satisfied with the art.


You should be able to forever have conversations about the show. But I just want y'all as fans to always remember I played the guy so I'm a little bit bigger than him so it's better to follow me than a character. Hmm. Fi saw the clip of the conversation and shared it along with this caption. This nigga is a strange bird. The F is he talking about. I never done nothing but look out for him. If, you needed something. I gave it to him. I understand now that it did not matter. So of course 50 felt some type of way. And then I also seen it a few weeks ago, Omari Hardwick was, he sat down with Ryan Clark and them at the Pivot and he was actually saying that he don't feel like he got paid enough to play the character Ghost in the original Power 50 didn't respond to that.


But I saw that and that didn't hit as many blogs as I thought it would. But he was saying that


He@public.com we've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all you are investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank, not investment advice.


Greetings, schools and girls and Welcome to haunting purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host Teresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling when She was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the sum looked more like a claw, like a demon, Some even downright terrifying. The Things that I saw, heard felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast where we chat to well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside. But through our discussions they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner. To be a better friend and prove as a parent there's so much discussion of how do we build our careers. When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's the hardest question you've ever asked your mom? Mom, what happened to your sister Margarita? For me, it's about a murder that's haunted my family for decades. They said that they took her and the next day she was already dead. To find the answers I went to the place where my family's from El Salvador and found that the story starts with a priest who was killed on the altar and sparked a war. I'm Jasmine Romero and on Sacred Scandal Nation of Saints. Join me as we uncover an unholy war. One that includes government coverups and politicians turned death squad leaders. But I'll also tell you the story of one family mine because on this journey I found out that we had more secrets than I knew. Listen to Sacred Scandal, nation of Saints as part of the My URA podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Marandi is dead then it's probable then whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up, lock her up. You killed your daddy, you don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your Emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll hold Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad, Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Rodsky, Leah, aria, Leia, Solana and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. LL Those to Listen to. Does this murder make me look gay as part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Didn't He You know he thanks Curtis. He thanks Courtney Kemp. But he didn't get what he thought he was worth to play the series main character. How I feel about that is very like conflicted. 'cause I'm like, things change in TV all the time. Like they rewrite stuff. You never know as an actor what they, I don't know what was sold to him. Right. I'm not discrediting his feelings. But things change with series all the time. Like I, I'm not, I can't speak for like for movies too much 'cause the movie is just one You know. But this was a series You, know what I mean? And, and the series lived on, we got spinoffs and all that and you coulda got brought back.


That's the thing. I Don't even know what he was trying to say on stage with Matt Bond in them. What was he trying to say? That I guess he's, yeah, he didn't seem like the way he got killed off the show. Yeah. Seemed like he was promised that it maybe a little longer and then they decided to kill him off and he didn't see that coming or something. But he, he did six season, I think he, he averaged I think 150,000 in episode or something Like that. 150,000. Yep. That's what he told got paid. I I, I don't know. Yeah, I'm not sure. But either way he is a strange bird to 50. So He got an rich Negroes business man. Rich Cock Diesel Negroes business Stay Stay out of it. I'm Gonna stay out of it. They have discuss, discuss. I have to report it. I have to report it. So let's just see if it unfolds. 'cause I'll be talking about it again.


And it's weird whenever they do inside baseball like that. 'cause we truly do not know what the hell is going on, what's Going on. You know even the fans was quiet like, oh my god what does this mean? No for real For me the next day I really did not understand what he was trying to say on that. It sounded like he was promised something and they changed the character. Yeah, they just changed. The character was changed because the fans are upset about an ending that don't got nothing to do with you, with You Acting. They're upset 'cause they love you as a character but you're no longer on the show. But, And then when he was was like, follow me, not the character. Huh? That's ghost More than tomorrow. That's what I said because on another movie you doing a bending. So it's like what if I'm, what if I want to like Goose what you saying? I get what what you're saying.


I totally understand what you're saying. I get it. I get It. Yeah. I just, I don't understand. But you Ain't following the movie 'cause you be like damn ghosts getting bend off. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like no, don't Uhuh one of the greatest scenes in movie history by the way. The fact that we don't have that on the board right now just to play bothers me. I love when Janet Jackson turns to him and says, so you doing the bending? Oh so you doing The bending? Yo, that was so funny. I loved It. I said Tyler Perry got one here. Yo, he got one here. But anyway, that is just for the mess for the second Hour. Thank you Jess Charlamagne. Who you giving a donkey too? Well You know four after the hour. I said I wasn't gonna talk about You know the Donald Trump assassination attempt until eight 8:00 AM So here we are four after the hour.


I need house speaker Mike Johnson and Senator a JD Vance to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with them. Okay. All right. And then we're gonna open up the phone lines, right? Absolutely. To discuss with the people. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I know you guys seen what happened all weekend long with Trump, the attempted assassination. Let's discuss. What are your thoughts? It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a donkey To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did.


And so we are in a state of emergency. Okay. White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm Also very proud that My wife is white The Breakfast Club bitches. Mary Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day? Well, Tommy Lauren Donkey of the day from Monday, July 15th goes to the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, Mike Johnson, as well as United States Senator from Ohio JD Vans, first and foremost, before we continue, let me state the obvious and say, regardless of what you feel about a person's politics, violence is never the answer. It's that simple. If, you don't like a candidate or an elected official.


You should attempt to take them out with your votes, not violence. If, you think otherwise If, you think violence is indeed the answer. Just do a simple exercise and ask yourself, if this was a candidate or elected official that you actually voted for and supported and they got shot at someone attempted to take their life, what would your reaction to that be? When we discuss what happened to Donald Trump, I believe that discussion, like most discussions in America is multilayered. But first and foremost, we should talk about the issue of political violence and we should denounce it and state quite plainly that we have no place for it in America. Period. And. I'm not saying that to be politically correct, I'm saying that because that's how I truly feel. Now, back to the donkeys at hand, Mike Johnson and Senator JD Vance from Ohio.


First let me read this tweet that JD Vance posted on Saturday at 8:20 PM just a couple of hours after the assassination attempt where Trump occurred. He posted today is not just some isolated incident. The central premise of the Biden campaign is that President Donald Trump is an authoritarian fascist who must be stopped at all costs. That rhetoric led directly to President Trump's attempted assassination. End quote, speaker of the House, Mike Johnson was on NBC's Today Show on Sunday morning, and he said this in regards to the Trump shooting, everyone needs to turn the rhetoric down. Let's listen As America awakens to a rather surreal morning. This is a horrific act of political violence. It ought to be roundly condemned.


Obviously, we, we can't go on like this as a society. We've gotta turn the rhetoric down. We've gotta turn the temperature down in this country. We need leaders of all parties on both sides to call that out and make sure that happens so that we can go forward and and maintain our free society that we all are blessed to have. Now, I've been observing and just listening all weekend You know I'm not a person who rushes dis spill. The first thing that comes to mind on social media, I've just been taking it all in And, I wanna say to Mike Johnson and JD Vance that you can't honestly have a conversation about dangerous rhetoric that leads to political violence without discussing the dangerous rhetoric that has come outta President Donald Trump's mouth and his social media. Mike Johnson said, everyone needs to turn the rhetoric down.


The question I would ask Mike Johnson is, who is everyone for him and JD Vance to make comments like that and not acknowledge the countless times Donald Trump has said things that have led to violence or could lead to violence is disingenuous. And it's them playing campaign games. It's them politicizing this situation because of course it is a presidential election year. They, like many politicians, Republicans and Democrats are using this as an opportunity to score points on the opposition. Real leaders would be using this as an opportunity to actually bring people together. Instead, you both are causing more division. You are causing more people, in this case, Democrats to be targets. Once again, you cannot make any statements about dangerous rhetoric that le leads to political violence and division without acknowledging the words that have come from Donald Trump's mouth and his social media.


There has been a real unserious attitude in regards to political violence in this country. When a nut ass follower of Donald Trump came to Nancy Pelosi's house and attacked her with a hammer, Trump made fun of it, And we'll stand up to crazy Nancy Pelosi, who ruined San Francisco. How's her husband doing, by the way? Anybody know? And she's against building a wall in our border even though she has a wall around her house, which obviously didn't do a very good job. Remember when Trump posted pictures of Biden looking like he's bound and hog tied on his social media? Donald Trump in an, in a, in an attempt to overthrow the results of the 2020 election told his followers to fight, and that led to an attempted cool this country and some of his followers did bring guns and ammunition to DC for that purpose.


They did storm the capitol. They were chanting to hang Mike Pence because he wouldn't alter the election results that happened, and it happened because of Donald Trump. I'm not even gonna go down the rabbit hole of how many times Donald Trump has incited political violence or cosigned political violence or suggested political violence. I'll give you a couple that come to mind. You remember when the now governor of Montana, I believe it was Montana, he was running for Congress and he body slammed a reporter and got charged with assault and Donald Trump said, he is my type. Is that not encouraging violence? You remember when Donald Trump suggested that You know Second Amendment advocates assassinate Hillary Clinton. Hillary Wants to abolish, essentially abolish the Second Amendment, by the way.


And if she gets to pick, if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks, although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know, but Come on. So Mike Johnson and JD Vance, please don't act like Donald Trump is not solely responsible for creating this environment of political violence that he's not even safe from. About 12 days ago, Kevin Roberts, the president of the pro-Trump think tank, the Heritage Foundation said this, In spite of all this nonsense from the left, we are going to win. We're in the process of taking this country back and we are in the process of the second American Revolution, which will remain bloodless. If the left allows it to be, It will be bloodless if the left allows it to be Mike Johnson and JD Vance.


Could that kind of rhetoric lead to political violence? If somebody was at home right, reading Project 2025, which is put together by the Heritage Foundation and heard Mike Johnson say that, don't you think that could lead to some type of political violence? Why aren't you denouncing all that type of rhetoric? Okay, then and now, how could you in this moment immediately point the finger to Democrats and how come more of the media haven't been saying this all weekend? I understand sadly, there was an assassination attempt on the former president, but in a moment like this, we can't worry about You know, striking the right tone. We have to worry about telling the truth. Now, Mike Johnson and JD Vance both say that Donald Trump has been vilified and You know, calling him a threat to democracy was one of the things that led to this.


I saw Mike Johnson again on Anderson Cooper, and Anderson rightfully pointed out that Trump has said that about Joe Biden as well. Let's listen It, it's an objective truth that Donald Trump is probably the most persecuted and attacked political figure in, in history, certainly among presidents, maybe at least since Abraham Lincoln Civil War era. And, and that takes a toll. I mean, when, when my colleagues go out Democrat colleagues and say, democracy will end, the republic will be in an emergency stage if, if Donald Trump wins for president, it, it's just not true. It's another election. And, and when they say that kind of rhetoric and they heat it up like that, there are people out there that take these things to heart and they act upon them when politicians are not responsible for that.


But we do have a responsibility to be responsible. I I do wanna point out the former president himself has also used that kind of rhetoric. He said on June 27th, Joe Biden is a threat to democracy, a threat to the survival in existence of our country itself. That's certainly the, the same kind of language you're talking about. Listen, e everybody is prone to overstatement, okay? Okay. I mean, a few days ago, earlier this week, I mean, Joe Biden actually said, we need to put Donald Trump in the bullseye. I mean, right? I I don't think either of those men meant to imply anything beyond just rhetoric, but the point is the rhetoric has consequences. Once again, you cannot talk about rhetoric without talking about the things that Donald Trump has spewed outta his mouth and on social media.


People like myself and others call Donald Trump a threat to democracy because he has done things that have threatened democracy. I could argue that in regards to the three judges he put on the Supreme Court, democracy is done, but you all won't realize that until November when the presidential election comes. But I'll get back to that. For all you people who may think saying Donald Trump is a threat to democracy is just noise. Well, when someone says we should terminate the Constitution to overthrow the results of an election, that's a threat to democracy. When someone tells people to fight and they storm the capitol to overthrow the results of an election, that's a threat to democracy. Trump put three judges on the now illegitimate corrupt institution that is the Supreme Court, and they are absolutely threatening our democracy. They granted him presidential immunity for crimes because he asked, that has nothing to do with the Constitution.


Look up the Chevron ruling. The Supreme Court did the, the Supreme Court did. It's basically saying they can make up stuff based on their own interpretations. That's one of the biggest views to the Constitution I've ever witnessed. They are abolishing constitutional rights like Roe v. Wade. They made it to where elected officials can take bribes. Donald Trump and Republicans have put together a corrupt supreme court that literally doesn't have to care what voters want. They have set up a system where either Republicans win elections or elections do not matter. Is that not a threat to democracy? Wait until November. Now, personally, I don't believe Biden can beat Trump, especially after Saturday. But if he does, when Donald Trump contests the results of the election because he will, if he loses in light of all the Supreme Court's recent rulings, do we really believe they aren't gonna side with him?


Is that when some will finally believe he is a threat to democracy? Are we going to just believe him when he says the election was rigged? Only difference is this time when he says the election is rigged, the Supreme Court is gonna side with him and it will be a kuba court, and of course it will be people in this country who will believe him if he loses and, and, and, and says the election is rigged because people believe what they want. That's why some folks wanna believe his, his attempted assassination was staged. Nobody believes the truth in this country anymore, and that is another problem in America, depending on what side you stand on, that's what you believe. Nobody thinks anything is real unless it confirms what they already thought. That's why folks immediately rushed to say, Donald Trump's assassination attempt was staged.


Why? What's the reason to spread that narrative? What happened on Saturday was very real, and it should be a teachable moment for us all because this is what happens when you have people in positions of power spreading the kind of dangerous rhetoric that Donald Trump has been spreading since 2016. No one should shake. No one should say this is staged. Saying it is staged is exactly why we can't fix the problem because we not acknowledging the truth. What happened to Donald Trump is very real. Political violence is very, very real and it's only gonna get worse, especially when you have people like JD Vance and House Speaker Mike Johnson blaming Democrats when we don't even know the shooter's motives yet. Okay? The truth is, president Donald Trump has created an environment of political violence that not even he is safe from, so it's damn short not safe for anyone else.


It is my hope that at the Republican National Convention, Republicans use this opportunity to deescalate and not escalate because if they go out there and escalate, they have to know they are continuing to make things unsafe for everyone, including them. Trump stood up after getting shot, fist in the air blood on his face, and just like on January 6th, he told his supporters to fight, fight who? We don't even know why this happened to you, everyone just speculating. Everyone got their own conspiracy theories, their own ideas. You can't just tell folks to fight. What we all need to learn from, what we all need to learn from this is that history now shows us that folks are willing to fight and kill for what they, whatever they believe in, whether it's storm in the Capitol or shooting at the President, it seems like violence is inevitable.


The stage has already been set. How far it goes depends on us, the American people. We have to decide what kind of republic we want to live in and we need to decide that. Now. Sadly though, when I see and his statements from Senator JD Vance and House Speaker Mike Johnson statements that continue to divide us and make people unnecessary targets, I fear it may be too late. Well, let's not forget the moral of this story. We are all adults in this country, okay? Big boys, big girls. We can condemn political violence and what happened to Trump on Saturday night, and also talk about the dangerous rhetoric that Donald Trump has spewed that got us here. Please let Remy ma give Senator to JD Vance and House speaker Mike Johnson, the biggest hee-haw Hee-haw Hee-haw.


You stupid mother, are you dumb? Open up the phones. Let's discuss. Yeah, we gotta get to it fast. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? So you You know, of course they tried to assassinate Donald Trump. What were your thoughts on it? Everything that's going on, we're just gonna open up the phone lines and take your thoughts. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. I'm Terry McCreed with the top stories on the Black Information Network. The National Security Council spokesman is spaghetti. Yeah, let's get back to the world's most dangerous morning show. That's what's up. It's The Breakfast Club. Bless daddy. Calling my phone. Calling my phone, man.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club nephew. Just joining us, we open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're talking about everything that went on this weekend, the assassination, the rhetoric. Some people believe that it was staged, it definitely wasn't staged and, and, and there's no need for us to, to, to keep saying that. Like I, like I said, during Donkey today, we shouldn't be saying that this is staged. We need to be talking about how this is very real and You know. Political violence is very real and what happened to Donald Trump is very real and we can't fix the problem if we don't acknowledge the truth.


And the truth is You know the type of dangerous rhetoric that has been spewed, You know by, by, by President Donald Trump You know, and, and, and MAGA is what leads to these kind of, this, this type of political violence. And it's actually very disingenuous You know. That's why I gave You know House speaker Mike Johnson and JD Vance Donkey today. It's disingenuous to, to say things like You know, it's the rhetoric of Democrats and people calling You know Donald Trump would threat the democracy that led to something like this. And everyone needs to tone down this. Their rhetoric. No. The only person that needs to tone down their rhetoric is President Donald Trump, which is probably why he's changing his speech. You know at the Republican National Convention You know this Tuesday, you cannot honestly have a conversation about dangerous rhetoric that leads the political violence without discussing the dangerous rhetoric that has come outta President Donald Trump's mouth and his social media.


Yeah, there's so much to discuss and we're gonna open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. I just think it's crazy that You know violence can erupt over who you wanna vote for. Growing up as a kid, we never talked about politics as far as who we voted for. We talked about politics and we listened to both sides, but it was one of those things where you went into that box and you voted and you kept it to yourself, but now it seems like it's at a point right now, regardless of what sides you are, people feel a way about it. Yeah. If, you decide to vi to vote Biden people are mad If, you decide to vote Trump. People are mad and and not just mad because we should be able to vote for who we want vote for, right? We should, we should be voting for our best interest. But people are, they want to kill you depending on who you're voting for, which seems crazy to me.


They wanna cancel you for who you're voting for, which seems crazy to me. We need to get back to a point where we can have conversations and it ain't a violent conversation You know what I mean? Yeah. One of one thing that I, I seen online that, that I kind of was like, Hmm, that makes sense. We look at the Secret Service with all the secret service security guards that they had out there yesterday, this young man, 20 years old, who was pretty much a novice, right? He was, he wasn't militarily trained. He, he was in a gun club. He was 20 years old, got up on that roof, people were pointing him out, still was able to take shots at the, at the president. Now, do y'all, would y'all feel comfortable the fact that Secret Service who are trained organizations, they should be knowing what they're looking for and doing all of that to protect the president. Would you feel comfortable with teachers carrying guns that don't have the same training to be looking for the same thing?


Would y'all feel comfortable with that? That I, the reason I don't like that, like I, I heard people say that the reality of the situation is Secret Service Got that dude outta here within seconds, but he he shouldn't even been able to do that though. Yeah, but that, but my point is, if a kid, if somebody comes in the classroom with a gun, And I don't even know why we're having this conversation. But if somebody comes in the classroom with a gun and they shoot right, and somebody takes them out immediately, that's what you would want. Yeah, but Secret Service is supposed to avoid the problem. You like that? That's what the scan was. The scan is supposed to be when they come out with the snipers and everything, they're supposed to be


Scanning@public.com. We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US based company and member of finra with award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank, not investment advice.


Good Greetings, GS and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling. When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon, Some even downright terrifying. The things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview well-known people who look like they have perfect lives, but like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively. And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to Believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's the hardest question you've ever asked your mom? Mom, what happened to your sister Margarita? For me, it's about a murder that's haunted my family for decades. They Said that they took her and the next day she was already dead. To find the answers, I went to the place where my family's from El Salvador and found that the story starts with a priest who was killed on the altar and sparked a war. I'm Jasmine Romero and on Sacred Scandal Nation of Saints. Join me as we uncover an unholy war. One that includes government coverups and politicians turn death squad leaders. But I'll also tell you the story of one family mine, because on this journey I found out that we had more secrets than I knew. Listen to Sacred Scandal, nation of Saints As part of the Mike ura podcast network, available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not a episode is a problem. You. know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. Culture. The, World Point. Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I oh God, this. See, I mean, to push out the road. We'll see, I'll be down You know, gonna be racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective. I, I think if Bold Mayo hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Rage we giving you reliable game news and real genuine game reviews. I, I, I'll stand for Lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude, I hate you so much. Right? Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black in effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Stuff, right? And you would understand if it, it's a malicious, somebody trained, but this was a 20-year-old kid that climbed on the roof that people see, like people point 'em out. So with that said, the teachers shouldn't be the first line of defense. They should have something at, at the school. Oh, I'm security that stops people from coming into the school. I'm, I'm with you. Thousand percent. So that's what, that's what their, their job is to like If. you stand with whole area, right? Make sure nobody gets in here with nothing. Correct. And If, you do get in here with something and you try to do something. Now, the second line of defense is the, the Secret Service. I mean, that's what I, I, I don't know. I don't, I didn't understand the comparison between the Secret Service, the teachers in the classroom. That sounded strange to me. I didn't get that. And not from you. I just saw people saying that And I was like, I don't understand the correlation you're trying to make here. Well, let's go to the phone lines. A lot of people on the line.


Hello, what's your name? The e and DP. Alright, Brother. What, what's your thoughts? You know brother Charlemagne King Charlamagne just spoke so eloquently. I can't even follow that because he was gonna say exactly. He said exactly what I was going to say. Say, I say Brother Malcolm said it back in the day. Chickens come home to Ruth. And life is real simple. You live by the golden rule. Anything you put out is energy hit in return. It's really that simple. You sneak into existence, the power of the tongue. We take it back to hip hop to you got a label called Bad Boy Record. Look what happened to the Bad Boy. You got a label called Death Row Record. Look what happened on Death Row. You got a label called Cash Money Record. You got a little Wayne, Vicky and Dre speaking his sisters.


That's it. Okay. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? How's it Gun? What's your name? Louis From, from Florida. Hey, what's what's your thoughts, Louis? Sorry, I I just dial in, but the questions in general over the entire environment and, and why wherever we are, right? Yeah. So I personally think then that I, I believe a lot of this on the media, right? Because I think rather than informing us and helping us make decisions and telling them the facts, they're riling everybody up to each of their side. And it seems like that's where they're making their money, right? So then you have people that watch either Fox or CNN or M-S-N-B-C, and when they turn off the tv, they're reach and they were so, rather than just being informed about something and, and, and, and getting the facts, they're actually more emotional when they started watching whatever it was, right?


Because we have, we have people that either where we're each in our own teams, right? And the people that are in the middle that are just trying to be informed really have nowhere to go. Right. Other than like shows like you guys, right. That like how it is or like, you may add your opinion to it and at the end of the day you also give the facts, right? And then it's okay, we let you make your choice. But I think that what, turn off the tv, you actually start talking to people. Most people agree at the table, but a lot of what's going on, I think it's on the media end because they actually rally to one side or the other. Right? And, and And I lot, a lot of friends that I have actually common race by just split into whatever media putting.


So you want, you, you, you want to hear more ba you think we need more balanced discussions? More sides need to be talking with each other and not at each other, is what you're saying? Yeah, 100%. I I, I mean in terms of the media itself, like I turn immediate to be informed, right? I, I don't want to really hear too much of your opinion, just tell me what the facts are and I'll make that my mind. But I don't think that we have too much of that, except for a few places I got you. Where you have a balanced conversation where If you have a panel. Yeah. You have someone that leans left, then you also have someone that leans Right? Right. And then I can get both sides of the story versus just getting your side and it being completely anti-left or anti right. Okay. Got you. Well, thank you.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're just opening up the phone lines hearing from you guys. I mean, this weekend was a crazy weekend. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club If. you just joining us, we're talking about everything that happened this weekend. Now Jess, what, what were your thoughts when you seen everything that and how it unfolded this weekend?


To be honest with you, I really, I, this goes with back to what Charlamagne said. I I thought it was staged myself. You Thought it was staged at first? I honestly did. I, I mean, nobody moved. It is, it is a couple reasons. Nobody moved for real. He, he didn't react like he had just got shot at. It was like, he wasn't even trying to get off the stage. Like they had to get him outta there. The people behind him just wasn't phased. You know that. Oh, wow. It's funny that you said that. That's the, I call my You know. My dad is, is a retired police officer. So when I, I called him And, I'm like, isn't it strange that gunshots went off and they didn't Scatter like, like they didn't run right. You Know people. People did though, like, like, I, I guess not behind them.


They didn't scatter About the stage view of It. Yeah. I think y'all was you looking at a certain group of people? They was mad people running and covering each other. Like that's how the, the the the, the guy got shot and killed. The guy got shot and killed because covering his family, he covered his family. His family. Yeah. But on the stage heard that like nobody scattered. It seemed like when you first seen it, I'm like, nobody moved. Yeah. And, I just, and then like you said, we live in the times where you don't believe anything because every time we do believe something it is, comes out as natural. Most of the time it's not true. Oh, It is ai, Right? Yeah. And then also this is also like, nothing surprises me that happens to Donald Trump or Donald Trump does because of how he moves who he is. Like he can use this. He's already using it, but he's using it.


Like he, I don't know. He he'll do anything to win the election. Yeah. And You know what I'm saying? So another reason I I I thought it was, I, I didn't, I never thought it was staged because immediately I saw everybody pull their phones up. Mm. That's what I knew. I was like, You know. But, but also, I just don't think that we should run around And I. I get why you felt that way, but this was very real You know. And this is what happens when you have people in the positions of power spreading the kind of dangerous rhetoric that Donald Trump has been spreading. Political violence is, is really real. And it, this is, this is, this is, it can get worse. And that's what I'm saying. I didn't find out about the person that actually died until late, late last night. Yep. Like you didn't hear that You know what I'm saying? I I didn't hear that. And I.


I didn't. That's why I'm, I'm quiet right now until you just asked me how I felt. 'cause I don't want to start parading that saying that because this is a huge platform. You don't wanna say, oh, it's stage to stage. 'cause that is crazy. But look at the times that we live in, most things are not real anymore. Most things are, are most things are staged. Right. But when I'm asked Yeah, that's what I thought. Yeah. The only reason, I mean, I I do think Donald Trump will go that far to win an election. But that's, that's pretty like a bullet to your head. Yeah. He don't gotta he don't gotta go that far to beat Joe Biden. Yo damn man. He don't, he don't have, he, he's probably gonna, he going probably be, he probably gonna beat Joe Biden before Saturday. I think he beat Joe Biden definitely Saturday and he got the Supreme Court in his back pocket.


You know. So I don't, I yeah, I don't think he would go this far. Jamia, This is me. Hey Jamia. Good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning. I just wanna say You know we, there's no place for violence in this country. And You know God rest the soul that we lost. But I will have to say that I feel like it is a distraction. I feel like Project 2025 was really picking up steam within the black community. And this is just something to distract us. And at the end of the day, God forbid, I just want all black people to make sure that they're registered to vote. Go vote and then go learn how to shoot a gun and protect yourself.


Get your kids out there. 'cause it's, it's real. It is a real situation. And although we can go on black Twitter and laugh and joke on different things, this is serious. That's right. Somebody tried to kill this man. And at the end of the day, black people, we really have to open our eyes and stop laughing at everything. Don't be on social media, on a, on a platform. If, you have thousands of followers being black. Talking about, oh, he's gangster now. I'm about to vote for him now. That's ignorant. Stop being ignorant. 'cause people's lives is on the line on this ballot. Our rights is on the line on these ballots. Women's rights is on the line.


Like it's serious and we have to take it serious. And I. Just want black people vote. Please vote. Thank you Jama. I'm not Telling you who to vote for, but vote And I'm, I'm You know. She, she brings up up a good point. You know. I I they keep calling this an assassination attempt. Yeah, it was an assassination attempt, but it also was a declaration of war You. know what I mean? Like, whenever you You know, decide to take a shot at a former president You know somebody who is You know a a leader of, of, of a whole other side. 70 plus million people on this planet. Don't you think that his soldiers, don't you think that his minions you think they just going to take that lightly? No. That's why it's so irresponsible for people like Mike Johnson and JD Vance and whoever else to just run out there immediately and say, this is the Democrat's fault.


Yo, we had Ru Russia said, this is Biden and them's fault. Like why are they interfering with us business just trying to cause division? Can't we see what's going on here, people? No. Come on man. People can't come on man. And that's the sad part about it. All right, well what's the moral of the story if there is a moral, the moral of the story for me is what I said during You know donkey today we are all big boys and big girls. We can condemn political violence. We can condemn what happened to Donald Trump on Saturday. We, we, we need to condemn it. We, but we also have to talk about the dangerous rhetoric that Donald Trump has sped that got us here. You should be able to do both. It is disingenuous for house speaker Mike Johnson to go out there and say, everyone should tone down the rhetoric.


No, there's only one person who should because there's only been one person that's been doing it, that is irresponsible for JD Vance to go out there and say it's rhetoric from the Democrats that led this to happen to Trump. It's very disingenuous to say that and not acknowledge the rhetoric that Donald Trump has spewed on his social media and outta his own mouth. No. What's, what's really scary is what you said and what people have been saying all weekend long that they believe that Biden has no chance of beating Donald Trump. That's what's really scary because when people start talking like that and people start believing it, that means people feel like they don't have to go out and vote. No. They feel like they can sit out on the couch and just sit this one out because they feel like they lost already. No, I think everybody should go out there and vote and we can't do that. One of the reasons I don't, one of the big main reasons I think it's gonna be very tough for President Biden is because of how Donald Trump has the Supreme Court in his back pocket.


Because Donald Trump put three Supreme Court judges on and the whole Supreme Court is doing his biding. Everything from You know he asked for immunity from crimes and he got it. There's nothing constitutional about that. So that lets me know that if he contest the results of the election in November, what reason would I have to believe that the Supreme Court witness outed him? Yeah, but You know, I was reading something too that You know. They said he'll never go to jail. And, and one of the, the other main reasons is not the fact that not only because he's a former president, but also because they said the amount of money they would have to pay for Secret Service to actually be in jail to protect him would be in the mil hundreds of millions of dollars. And they weren't definitely gonna do that. I don't know.


I just want everybody to go out there and read the article from Ellie Ell that he wrote in the nation talking about the Supreme Court because the Supreme Court is the only branch of government that claims the power to rule unchecked by the other branches of government. If Congress passes the law, the court claims authority to overrule it. If the president issues an order or regulation, the court claims the power to overrule it. If a state legislator or governor passes a rule or ordinance, the court claims the power to overrule it. And if voters attempt to elect leaders, the court claims the authority to overrule them by literally picking whose votes should be counted or recounted to say nothing of who gets to vote in the first place. Does it not sound like this fight gonna be fixed coming November? Yeah. So, so y'all, we in for a long six months baby.


I'm just telling y'all to get prepared for what you about to see. Okay? Okay. Alright. Yes. Blasphemy. I'm Talking about the rumors. Oh, we got just with the mess coming Up. Yes. Lil Wayne sings not like us Right before he performs his verse of the motto on at in Vegas. Yeah. But people, I I think it's some trolling, but we gonna get into it. I don't know. I don't think he would do that too. His nephew like That. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't she don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide message on The Breakfast Club.


She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Former NFL star receiver Jacoby Jones, who won Super Bowl 40 Super Bowl 47. But the Baltimore Ravens has sadly passed away. He was only 40 details surrounding his death have not been released. He retired from the NFL in 2017. He returned to his alma mater Lane College and became a wide receiver coach. He is from New Orleans though, right? Orleans? I know. I I believe that he's actually a New Orleans native. But he went to Morgan State and joined Alabama State staff in 2022.


His family released a statement saying he died peacefully at his New Orleans, Louisiana home. Yeah. Oh cool. Okay. So that, that was rest In peace to him. Rest in peace to that brother man to his family. 40 years old. That's way too young to go too young. Scary. It was a lot of death this weekend. Yeah, It was. It was. My son actually told me about Jacoby Jones 'cause I really wasn't on online yesterday. And I was like, what? He passed away. Dr. Ruth passed away. Richard Simmons. Richard Simmons passed away. Shannon Doherty passed away. A lot Of people passed. And then Richard Simmons, he passed away as well. He was 76 though. Yeah. So, and then another Diddy allegation. So allegation against Diddy came up, the former editor in chief of Vibe Magazine. Danielle Smith claims Diddy threatened her saying she, he found dead in the trunk of a car after she refused to show him his Vibe Magazine cover page in advance.


He was set to be on the cover for the magazines December, 1997. January 98 issue. A few days before the issue went to press. Did he demand it to see the cover image saying he needed change? If he didn't like it, Danielle Smith refused to show it to him stating that magazine policy was against showing pre-publication. Didi allegedly showed up at vibe's office demanding to meet with her. Her colleagues quickly escorted her out of the office the next day. Didi reportedly called her, threatened her and taunted that he knew her location. When she demanded an apology for the threat, Diddy allegedly laughed and said, F you. That interaction led to her contacting her attorney, which made Diddy fax an apology to her hours.


Later days later, the magazine servers, which had all the pages for the upcoming issue was stolen from the office. She immediately suspected Diddy and his crew. She claims she blocked the story from her memory until two people reminded her of it. Why she He stole all the magazines. Yeah. He stole like The whole, the whole Pack of them that they Deliver. Y'all stupid man, y'all are stupid. Yeah. All the boxes that was Took all of 'em. So, and she said, yo, she blocked the Emery out. She blocked the memory of her mind. So two people reminded her like, remember that? Remember that time? And then that's when, that's when she remembered. But she reflected on this incident in the writeup for New York Times magazine.


She said The nauseating image of myself running and hiding from combs with colleagues protecting me, made me confront other things I'd possibly repressed about that furrow and fantastic time in my life. Danielle is the wife of Elliot Smith. She served as editor in chief from 97 to 99. Elliot Wilson. Right? Not Elliot Smith. I mean Elliot Wilson. Yeah. Elliot Wilson. My bad. I'm sorry that happened to her. Yeah. That is a crazy image though. Diddy telling his GOs go up the vibe Tick called the magazine. Take That, take that get those magazines. All the magazines. Like all the magazines. They could Not be put out. That's crazy. If I was in this crowd thing, I don't think that's how that works though. Yeah, I don't They distribute the magazines to all the stores and everything else.


I think they would, they were taking, trying to get the computers and the hard drive so it couldn't be taken. Okay, well Jais proposes to girlfriend Deandre Sanders at the baby shower with a couple hosts of the baby shower over their baby boy. I mean for their baby boy. When Jacque COIs popped the question, he presented her with a princess cut diamond ring along with a speech about his love for her You Know I can, I can remember when I first met you when Patman called me on FaceTime. And. I usually hate singing on the phone with girls when my fathers call me because I usually turn them up. But not this time. It was the same for you. And we just watched power and went to sleep that night.


I really knew you was special because we didn't do nothing and If you, you was locked in with God. That's when we started kind of making a deeper friendship in my eyes. Yeah. So congratulations are y'all remember me reporting on the fact that she thinks that she well not thinks that she wanted to hyphenate the name and she also may have wanted to be married. That's why she wanted to hyphenate the baby's name. And so he answered her prayers that that was one of our prayers to be a wife and also a child's mom. And the engagement comes just weeks before she expected to give birth. Her due date is early August. Okay. Mine. Good job. Jacque girl. Right after me. Right before me. So yeah, it's good job. Good job.


Little Eee Dropping a clue bomb for Jais. Yeah. Sweet team. Congratulations. Now she now he'll get his child named after him. I think that's dope. That's dope. Dang. Yo. I could not even do the Lil Wayne not like us thing. That was crazy because I definitely season. Alright, so in Vegas he performed yo. And this was funny. He was singing not like us over the model beat before he wrapped his verse. So many also suspected that Lord Wayne was actually saying they don't like us rather than they not like us.


But I swear I heard it. Let him click 'cause he was offbeat when he was saying it. So I heard him saying it. We play it one more time. Yeah. First he said sound. At first it sounded like they don't like those. Then switched Randy was holding up his OVO chain while he was Yeah, he was, he did have the the OVO Owl chain in the video. That's why I was like, I do think that it was some sort of trolling. No, I don't think that he would. It's the worst Drake like that and be singing a a Kendrick song. But ain't it the worst when a song is a bop and You know you like the record. Oh but this in your man. Yes. That's gotta be an awkward position to be Absolutely.


Absolutely Is like, hey bro. Yeah, he went too far. But man, this song jamming. This is A Bop. No. Drake himself said the song was jamming on the har part six though. Did he did? Yes. If you go look at the end when he's talking, he was like, this could be something I could bop to if he wasn't lying or something like that. I kept paraphrasing but it's something like that. He been Dancing to it. Alright, Well that is just with the mess for the Day. Yes it is. Let's get to the mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let me salute to Laura from the UBS Center out in Long Island. And also, let me shout to Buju Bonton, one of his managers, Buttafuoco, he was in town this weekend, performed Saturday and Sunday.


This was his first time being in New York. And I think like 15 years or something like that. Oh yeah. So the show was, it was crazy. It was, it is such an amazing show. I didn't catch the whole show 'cause I had a a party that night, but my wife stayed for the whole thing and just say salute to Buju. What an amazing show. What an amazing time. Thank you for all the all the love that they showed, man. It was, it was, it was crazy. It was, I think he's doing Miami next, but it was, he did two shows. The first one showed sold out Saturday and then he did Sunday. But it was just dope. So Salute to Boo you. And he's from here, Right? He from Jamaica. Oh, he from Jamaica. Okay. He's from Jamaica. Yeah. And You know it's a lot of Jamaicans. They, so my, my lash check is Jamaica. She came and did my lashes last night and she was talking about it the whole time. She absolutely loved it. She said it was amazing.


It was no violence everybody. We was just happy to see him after him being gone for so long. It was a big event for New York. So yeah, that was Actually good. That's what up now for the, they said a lot of people flew in 'cause they didn't know when he was actually gonna perform again in the States. So my wife is like You know my wife is Jamaican, so she's a huge oos. Her her favorite Jamaican artist. Yeah. So she You know when they, when he was performing And I think, I don't know if it was Trinidad or Barbados. Her and her girls went out there and went to the concert. So they went out there last night. So that's what's up. It was pretty dope. So salute to you guys. All right. When we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club.


We got a salute to coming and Pete Rock for joining us today. That album, the Auditorium volume one is out right now. That's right. If, you are born in the 19 hundreds. Like me and you enjoy adult contemporary hip hop. You are going to love, love, love, love, love this album, man. That's right. Go get that. Go listen to it. And I. Wanna snoop to everybody in Tampa? Man, I was in Tampa Friday with the Urban League of Hillsborough. I had an amazing discussion with the Good Brother, D Strong and Queen B. Those are people they on 95.7 to beat in Tampa. You can listen to The Breakfast Club on 95.7 to beat in Tampa every morning. We were talking about my new book, get Honest to Die Line. Why Small Talk Sucks, which is available everywhere you buy books now salute to Kalia, who owned Seventh and Grove.


That's what the event was. Envy. They said you family, they love you out there. Seventh and Grove. Yep. Seventh and Grove. Yep. Seventh and Grove. Yep. And Dope Event Salute Dope Restaurant, I should say Luta Kia from the Urban League. You. know for, for helping to bring me out and salute to all the people I met there. Man, You know you just meet people You know that come to these events like You know Isha from Speak to Me, incorporated. Salute to Pecan. Okay. Can't forget Pecan Salute Tomimi. All right, I remember names, I remember faces. Okay, I do. I remember names. I remember Faces, man. So salute to everybody who came out to the Urban League of Hillsborough. I mean came out to the, came out to Seventh and Grove courtesy of the Urban League of Hillsborough to Seventh Grove. He, to hear me speak with 9, 5, 7. The beat food is amazing at Seventh and Grove.


That's what's up. Before you get to your positive note, July 26th and 27th, Friday and Saturday I will be in Raleigh, North Carolina at the Raleigh Improv. Get your tickets, y'all just official.com or Raleigh in prime.com. I will be there. We got four shows, two on Friday and two on Saturday. So, And If you, if you're there, you might have to deliver a baby. So just keep that in mind. Make sure we, we got a doctor, a midwife, and a doula that's coming. So You know just in case. But get your ticket sharp. You got a positive note. I do have a positive note, man. I just wanna tell everybody, please remember on this beautiful Monday that we're all on borrowed time. So choose people that choose you and let everyone else be All right. I like that.


Okay, breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview well-known people who look like they have perfect lives, but like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam grad. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively, And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In 1980, while El Salvador sat on the brink of war, one man held together the fragile peace Archbishop Oscar Romero. He was brutally assassinated in front of dozens of his loyal followers. His death marked the start of a civil war that left more than 75,000 people dead and a million more displaced around The World. My family includes both those that fled and those that died. Listen to Sacred Scandal, nation of Saints on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


It's time for a brand new podcast. Celebrity book club is Steven and Lily. You probably Don't have time to read books. Let us do it for you. We've decided because we are grown consenting adults that we're gonna read a book every single week. And here we are From Abraham Lincoln to Lauren Graham, John Stamos, to Sylvia Plath. We cover memoirs, poetry, children's books or cookbooks, and we discuss them in nauseating detail. It's pretty academic. It's basically literary criticism. So get your degree, put your glasses on, And listen to Celebrity Book Club with Steven and Lily on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.