
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime, or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon Music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door. With Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party. That's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is out today. What up, Lauren? Good morning, y'all. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet is Tuesday. Good morning. I think we gotta stop just saying Jess is out like, you know Jess, she posted a video. She was in the hospital last week. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't want people just to think Jess don't be coming to work. No, I didn't see, I didn't see, I didn't see her post a video and it ain't my business to share, so I didn't see it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. She had, I'm not, yeah, I'm not gonna give details. But she, yeah, she, she did post, 'cause she had to cancel a show, right? Last week. Over the weekend. Yep. Yep. But I spoke to her. She's doing well. She'll be back here soon. Yeah.


Yeah. She just said, I'm so sorry. We have a new day soon. She didn't say what was going on. So that's, you know her business to share. She Was laying in the hospital. That's right. Yeah. But Jess is, she's six. So she's out. But Lauren's holding it down. How was your three day weekend? Lauren? I know you to Poconos, right? Oh my God. I had so much fun in the Poconos, as y'all see, I'm still getting my life together. I had so much fun yesterday. I slept all day. Did you ski? Did you snowboard? We Snowboarded. We barely made the snowboard though. We, we had a lot going on. Yeah. It was more so just for us to connect before the year got started. 'cause everybody's so busy now. Gotcha. You and your Friends? Yeah, me and my friends. And those are my friends that don't live in New York. So everybody met in the Poconos and it was a good time. Y looked like an RB group that, you know, was searching for a record deal. And it almost was right there with a contract.


They didn't make it. That label decided not to go do it. But y'all still look good though. Well, Everybody else was telling us. We, we just gave like fly friend group. You know what I cool Emini here. That's cool. Like black girl luxury in the Poconos. That All right. There's A lot of black people in the Poconos. Yeah. Fly Friend group. No, No, no. No's. Not many black people in Poconos. No, it was like four of us. Four of us. It Was three, two me, two other people. I think we ran into like one other person. He was working the, like when you pulled in, like in the parking, we was like, where you from? Yeah. He was like, I'm from Allentown. We was like, Hey. Okay. Fellowship is very important, man. Building community is very important. Like those weekends that you had this weekend, you know, I did the same thing. I had, you know, a couple friends over the house and you know, one of those days where you don't mean to, but you drink a whole bottle of tequila.


Oh, We drunk too. Oh my God. Mm. That's why we barely made slopes. It was a time too old for that. But, you know. But you know, when you at home you comfortable, you know what Emini here or when you out with your, not out with your friends, but when you're in a comfortable homelike environment. Yeah. Like, you know, you tend to do a little bit more. Next thing I know that whole bottle of tequila was gone. We ride the slopes, but we were like, damn, we wanna leave and go back to the house and just be in the house. Drink and Chill And talk. Yeah. Like, and talk. That's right. And like laugh. And we woke up that Sunday. That's, And I like set our intentions for the week. That's right. We would've got snowed in, but I was scared that we were gonna get stuck. So I was like, yo, we gotta leave. We gotta get outta here. Fellowship is very good. You know, some food, some good friends, some drank. You know what Emini here, if you like to do a little plant-based medicine.


Yeah, that too. That's the best. Yeah. Nothing like It. I ain't do nothing this weekend, none of that. I just relaxed Yout. No friends. No. I just relaxed this weekend. And I had a show in Boston. But other than that, I never get a chance to just sit my ass down. 'cause I'm usually working. Yeah. So I just got a chance to just hang with the kids. We play Monopoly. I just relax the whole weekend, which I needed. I watch Football. I watched football all weekend. I got one pick right outta all my picks this weekend. I got two picks. Right. But that's my dumb ass though. I went for all the up sections except for the Ravens bills. I thought the Ravens Bills was gonna win that game. But even, but if the Ravens would've won, that would've been the up Upset. That would've been the up upset. Yeah. Yeah. Because Bills would, the Bills the number one seat. Who did The Yes. The number one seat on that side. Yeah. Ravens were the favorite. Ravens were the favorite. Okay. I don't be knowing nothing. I picked The command in the wood. That's the only one I got. Right. I saw Gilly with the Eagles.


That's all I know. Yeah. I Got the Chiefs right. The Eagles. Right. All right. But we'll talk about it in front page news. All right. Don't go in there. We got a lot to discuss. Inauguration. Your president was sworn in. Did you see it? Did you watch it? We'll break it down. I want some of it. Oh, and we got guest today too. Master P will be joining us this morning. Master P will be Joining us. This, yeah, we're gonna be kicking it with Master P. He, he has a new song called the City of New Orleans. Keep holding on. We'll talk to him. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out, she's sick. And Lauren Lar Ross is holding it down. Let's get some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Now. NFL Achieves beat the Texans. The commanders beat the Lions. The Bills beat the Ravens and the Eagles beat the Rams.


That's the only, only pick I got right was the commanders. I, I picked the commanders to beat the lion. I thought the Ravens was gonna beat the bills. Yep. Now the next game is Sunday at three and at six o'clock. Now, also in college football, I picked The Rams to beat the Eagles, but that was just hate. Was it? Because I'm, I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan. So Yeah. Well, in college football, Ohio State beat Notre Dame. 34 23. Who's gonna win the Super Bowl though? The commanders play the Eagles on Sunday at three Bills play the Chiefs on Sunday at six 30. Who's going to the Super Bowl? I think it's gonna be Eagles and Chiefs. Eagles. Nah, bro. I hate to say it. I think the commanders. You think commanders gonna be the Eagles? I Think the commanders. I don't think so. I think the Commanders.


I don't think so. The Eagle's got Gilly. Eagle's got, Gil got Gilli. The commander's got Darnell. What are y'all talking about? Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning y'all. Listen, I know y'all wanna talk about inauguration and all of that, but before we get into that, just like Charlamagne, I don't want him to pull my black card. Let's talk about Dr. Martin Luther King Day first, if that's all right with y'all. So the US, of course, is reflecting on the civil rights icon as of yesterday. His son, Martin Luther King. The third says holidays. The holidays normally mean a day of rest and relaxation. However, he also hopes people can work together and to make The World better. And the continuation of his father's work goes beyond politics.


Let's hear more from MLK iii. But this is really about continuing the work that my dad and mom started to finish and create the beloved community so that freedom, justice, and equality becomes real for all humankind. Today we are more divided than we've ever been. Civility has to be brought back to the political landscape. We want to be fulfilled and we must help create that climate no matter who is the commander in chief. But at this time, I think that it would be wonderful if we were engaged in service. So while Martin Luther King Day was created in 1983, after the signing of legislation by President Ronald Reagan, the movement to honor his birthday didn't actually begin until 15.


Well, his, the movement to honor his birthday actually began 15 years early after, just days after his assassination. And Stevie Wonder actually played a major role in that with his song Happy Birthday. In case you didn't know. I was gonna say, that's the rabbit hole that you gotta go down by yourself for. But we don't have time for that. But Bernie's king, she checked in talking about why or how it was wonderful that MLK Day fell on inauguration day saying it reminds people of the work of her father and those who are unhappy with Trump's election. She said America needs to focus on the fa the the goal of her father, which was non-violence. Now, switching gears, we are talking about inauguration and President Biden.


He has made his departure out of the nation's capitol. He gave remarks at joint base. Andrews following him, leaving the US Capitol via helicopter. The former president reflected on his time in office and praised his staffers. Let's here take a listen from to Biden at joint base. Andrews on his departure. We're leaving office. We're not leaving the fight. You're smart, you're skilled, you're passionate. The country needs you. Again, Mr. Herbie say before, no president gets to choose the moment to enter history, but they get to choose the team they did in history with what? And we chose the best damn team in The World. Hey man.


Good riddance. Okay. Oh, I know y'all love your Uncle Joe, but if you ask me, he leaves behind a legacy of selfishness. Okay? He should have been a transitional president who passed the baton to a younger generation of leadership. But he decided selfishly to run for a second term, only to end up dropping out way too late, which didn't give Democrats the time they needed to formulate a real plan. And Allah, we are here now today. All right, well I was gonna say really quickly, if I can, there is a snowstorm that could be impacting the South as far as Florida and the Gulf of Mexico. Or excuse me, maybe we should name it, rename it the Gulf of America. But we'll get into that a little later. Cold weather also affecting millions in Louisiana, Georgia, Florida, Alabama and Mississippi have all declared states of emergency.


The storm is expecting to bring snow, ice, freezing rain through Wednesday, making travel. Treacherous officials are urging those to stay off the road and keep a little water running through the pipe. So they, to keep them from freezing and bursting. In Texas. In Texas. Houston's airports will be closed today in a national weather. Weather service is warning that there should be con, this a generational winter storm. So, but we'll talk more about inauguration at settle. There's, there's a lot going on. I'm telling you, it's just not enough time. Y'all 25 is underway. Let's go. But Biden also pardoned his whole family. Yesterday. He pardoned, he did Dr. Fauci and the January 6th committee. He gave him preemptive pardons because he said, you know, he thought that Trump was gonna, you know, prosecute the Revenge.


Yeah. He doesn't What about, what about Fannie Mae? What about Marilyn Wilson? About Fannie Ma? Will, What about Mosby? Mosby didn't get a pardon, but what about Fannie Willis? What about Alvin Bragg? What about ts James? All those people that put they neck on, they on neck on the line. Prosecutor, them Sisters are coming out too. The January Sixers are also coming out. Just, you know, but he put his family, Make sure his family was straight. Yeah, I'm just talking about the folks that Biden pardoned that pardoned at the moment. I just, you know, it's crazy. Yeah, it, it is definitely, definitely crazy. Alright, well Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Now wait a minute, get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that You talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not Just me. I'm with the culture. I feeling. Hello? Who's this? Yo Envy. You know the vibes. How you feeling this morning? It's Mellow. Mellow. What's up brother? How you feeling? It's cold outside this morning, bro. Yeah, man. Life is amazing. It is what it should be. Uncle Chawla. How you feeling? Peace King. I'm blessed. Black and Holly favored. What's happening LL cool day? What's the word? Good morning. How are you? Yeah, I'm good. I'm good. Yo, I'm not gonna hold you. I gotta give Uncle Chawla a early dunk here today. To this morning, man. What Happened Melo? So Unfortunately we had a lot of snow this weekend in New, in New York.


And I blame Uncle Charlotte for that because respectfully, I was watching this movie And I seen him make his wife drive through a snow storm talking about I'm trying to save my marriage. And I'm not judging that, bro. You gotta, you get done in a day for that, bro. You, she was watching Why did I get married? Yeah, I'm, that's exactly what I'm talking about, bro. And then you add out everybody's dirty, dirty laundry. Like you ain't bringing your side piece to the center. Now let's be for real. I do. I I do. Resemble every baldhead sexy man from a nineties romcom. You do not. Yes I do. You do not name a baldhead sexy man from the nine, any nineties romcom. And that could be me, Morris Nu. There you go. That's my girlfriend. And tell her she got great taste.


What's her cash app? I'm gonna send her? No, no, no, no. Not about cash. You Say you look like Morris Chestnut. Say that. I Just say he look like Morris Hun. No, he look like Morris Yo Mellow. Stop hating. Gimme her cash app right now. Wow. So I can send her $50 with a heart. I love you. I love you Mo Boo. That's crazy. Me Pulling here again. Mellow. Mellow. Gimme another cash app right now. Gimme that. Beautiful Queen's Cash. I Bella meow. You better not. Bye. You started to arguing that man's call. I listen, it is not my fault. I'm nineties rom confine. Oh My goodness. Hello. Who's This? Yeah. Yeah. Good morning man. This is DJ Bipolar Man. Represent. You already know. Like Guy New York, all that Harrisburg.


Red stand up. Brooklyn, get up. That was a lot. Damn. That was a lot of places. But I get it off your chest brother. Hey yo. Good all. So three things real quick. I want everybody to be safe man. It is really, really cold outside and black ice. You cannot see it. I done seen it. Flip over. Big rig. Three foot trucks laying on the side. Y'all have to be careful driving when it's cold. Please drive slow. Lemme tell you something. 61st, man, that black ice busted my ass so bad yesterday. I started to freaking ass Trump to do an executive order. The goddamn deport black ice where you was at. You was walking in the house. I was walking in my driveway, going to check the gate and it was one of them things. It's So Dangerous. Oh my God. Ma'am, please just be safe. Be safe, be careful. Be lies right. Your man, Elon Musk talking yesterday.


He gonna throw up the Hitler sign. Right. Come on man. You, you, you should know better. You should know better man. And in this day and age, put that out Elon man. If you look at it on one site, it looks like the Hitler sign. But when you watch the whole thing, he's just saying how he appreciates everybody voting in Trump and he's going from his heart to the air with his hand. Just people are conscious of what we doing. Man, you the richest dude out here, man. You be C you better be more conscious of what you're doing out here man. A lot of people following you. A lot of people believing in you. You know what, Emini here, we trying to, we trying to really, you know what Emini here be better this year. So you know what, Emini here. Yeah. He's Our best guys. I'm still trying to figure that out because they, everybody, people were saying it was a Roman salute. And I saw when Elon Musk tweeted that frankly they need better dirty tricks.


That everyone is Hitler attack is so tired. Mm. So I don't know what that was to be honest with you. I don't know Evil. I'll wait for my butt. Alright? But get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, Have We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club? Hello? Who this? This is Michelle from DeKalb, Illinois. Hey Delle. Good morning. Get it off your chest. So I wanna get off my chest proton, put out this tweet telling all these baby daddies that if y'all want child support, y'all could claim y'all kids on all taxes.


I done got two text messages. Y'all ain't getting in out of Social security number. Stop calling my phone. Don't text me about nothing. Your owe Miss seven case Who You said who said send out that tweet? They said Trump put out a tweet. Trump ain. Ain't saying nothing like that. All the fathers, y'all ain't gotta worry about taxes this year. Y'all could claim y'all kids on y'all taxes. It y'all paying child support. Yo, I'm gonna tell y'all something. It's over. Like when I say it is over, it's over the fact that we even believe this. I know. I don't even, I know that wasn't a real thing But there was a rumor that Trump put that. That yesterday he signed in an order that if, if you pay child support, you can claim your child on taxes. That was a alleged order that went Out. Okay. I'm looking at it now. Trump didn't.


Okay. Trump didn't save female child support. Recipients can no longer claim children on taxes. The first thing that comes up on Google. Yes. US President Donald Trump posted on this is the claim. US President Donald Trump posted on true social that a woman who receives child support from a man can no longer claim the child on her taxes. False. We found no evidence of such a post on true social Rx. Trump has said he would expand the child tax credit during his second term in office. We're doomed Bro. Delle, you gotta do your homework. You just can't be believed what your homie told you. You know that we're Doomed. No, I don't believe none of that. What I'm saying is these baby daddies just believing it, taxing our phones. Talking about what's the kids' social security number? You're not getting nothing Boo. You owe me seven K.


So you saying regardless of what Trump signed or not, you ain't giving him nothing. Trump didn't sign you owe me $7,000 in black child support and you ain't seen your your kid in two years. How dare you. Yeah, he going to jail. Whoever that guy is today. You your baby daddy going to jail. I'm telling you that right now. He Okay, we Got court in March. He on it. Oh, you got court in March On up Glock. I don want the money go here. He needs to sit down for a minute. Thank. See I don't even want the money. I just want his ass to sit his ass down. All right, well God, thank, Thank you Delle. Thanks. Y'all have a good morning. Jesus Christ. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we have just with the mess coming up, what we talking about Lauren? We do. We gonna get into the celebrity Saturday of the inauguration.


'cause there was a lot of people that attended. There was a lot of people that performed for the pre inauguration events and people were pissed Off. Alright, we'll get into all that when we come back. Keep a lock. This The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Yeah. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. DJ Envy. That's hilarious. She's not here today, but Lauren LaRosa LL Cool Bay is. And it's time for just the mess. Music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody bro. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa And I got the Mess.


Talk to me. All righty. Also, as we talked about the top of the show, the inauguration went down yesterday. Trump was inaugurated as the 47th president of the United States of America. And there was a lot, a lot of celebrities in attendance. Logan Paul, j Paul, Mike Tyson, Conor McGregor, Nelly, Elon Musk, mark Zuckerberg, Dana White, Caitlyn Jenner. Now a lot of, there were, there were a ton of celebrities there, but in particular, there were a few celebrities who got a lot of, like, lot of dragging for performing and being anywhere close to anything that had to do with President Trump, Snoop Dogg, Rick Ross, Soja Boy, and Nelly. Now more particular in, in my opinion, Snoop Dogg and Nelly Got it.


The worst. Snoop Dogg performed at the, it was like a pre ball. It was the crypto ball. Yeah, the crypto ball event in DC That was over the weekend. And I believe that was like Friday. And then Nelly performed on actual inauguration day at the Liberty Ball yesterday. Yep. Yep. So now Snoop Dogg, he got the backlash because people are like, wait, this isn't the same Snoop from 2016 who had so much to say about the artist performing for Trump. Let's say listen to that. So ain't nobody gonna perform for Donald Trump? Huh? Which one of you Jigaboo ass gonna be the first one to do it? I'm waiting, I'm gonna roast the out. One of you Uncle Tom ass s for doing it. Which one of you gonna do it first?


O' the one that's performs for himself. Now, people were also upset at Snoop because when he performed, instead of blocking out the N word, he actually used the N word. And of course the crowd was extremely man made. So let's take a listen to that performance now on Nelly. So Nelly, as I mentioned, performed during the inauguration date at the Liberty Ball. He performed a set of different songs. Now, people were really upset at Nelly.


They were saying now with Snoop, we're confused because you don't need the money. But they were telling, telling Nelly, oh you must have needed the money. And that's why he performed. Even Ashanti was getting backlash because of this. Now Nelly actually spoke out about his decision to perform. Let's take a listen to him talking about respecting the office and why he decided to perform. I'm not doing this for money, I'm doing this 'cause it's an honor. I respect the office. It don't matter who is in office the same way that our men and women, our brothers and sisters who protect this country, have to go to war and have to put their life on the line for whoever in office. So if they can put their life on the line for whoever in office, I can damn sure perform.


Mm. No, that was him. He was with Willie D Live on YouTube. Now Nelly also in that interview talked about, 'cause you know, people are like, this is a, a man that, you know, has said so many different racist things that people think as think of as a a white supremacist. Why would you stand next to this? He talks about that. What do you say to the people that say, we we're not giving you this backlash because of your political affiliation. We're we're giving you this backlash because you are popping up a white supremacist. I would ask them to show me where he's a white supremacist. He, he did say, if you don't vote for me, you not black. Right? Oh, no, that wasn't him. Hold on. I I'm trying to think. Hold on, hold on, hold on. He did create the crime bill in the nineties, which said that if you get caught with it, five grams of crack, you do a mandatory five years that had mass incarceration.


He, oh, okay. No, he didn't do that. He did not rent to black people. What, what was in the seventies or the eighties? So nobody's allowed to change. Right. We can talk about past, but we never wanna talk about our past. You know what I'm saying? Now, I'm not saying that he ain't got the wage, but what I'm saying is that he's the president of the United States Now. He spoke out a, a addition in addition to this too, at the actual, the inauguration night. And he basically said, I got backlash my whole career. You know, when I, when I performed with different people. And you know, especially when he was in the country music world. And now Beyonce's doing cowboy Carter. So basically the, the backlash ain't about nothing, but people are pissed off.


And I'm Emini here. They're really upset about it. Ashanti had a fan page that said, you, we no longer can do this fan page. We don't want anything to do with them. Damn. They're saying that they lost respect for not just Nelly, but Ashanti, Snoop Dogg. I don't know. They even threw Chriselle CST Michelle back into it. Y'all remember she got in trouble for the first time. I remember that. Yep. And they, they Damn Near tried to kill her career. Yep. For performing now. Everybody was so happy that Ashanti spent the block and the family unit is good now. People are like, why would she spend the block? He a loser. She a loser. All this Stuff. You know, the hypocrisy that people display in regards to who they like and don't like is mind blowing to me. Like, there is no way. You are more mad at rappers for performing at these inauguration events than you are at the elected officials who told us Trump was a fascist, a threat to democracy, a danger to our country.


And the constitution. They likened him to Hitler. But then folks like Biden just welcomed him back in the White House. Obama was sharing a good laugh with him at the funeral of President Carter. We know why the rappers, you know, did what they did. We know why they doing it. They got paid. What's the politicians excuse for normalizing Trump? Oh, when I said that on Twitter over the weekend, I got, I'm still getting dragged. They said, because Obama has to do that as a politic. He says Trump didn't do it four years Ago. Exactly. If Trump said the election to do it, Trump said the election was stolen in 2020. And then he acted like it. He didn't do no peaceful transfer of power. He didn't show up to the inauguration. 'cause why would you ever show up to an inauguration after you just accused a bunch of people of stealing an election? Democrats could learn a thing or two from that.


And if you ask me all that smoke you have for the rappers, you should have for Obama, you should have for Biden. And all the other elected officials who got us all riled up and scared only to turn around and have tea with a man they likened to Hitler, like literally just was having tea with him yesterday. I would respect it more if folks was consistent and they gave Obama and Biden smoke, but I didn't see none of that. But y'all mad at Nelly and Snoop. Yeah. I ain't see this. Nelly and Snoop don't hold more weight than Biden and Obama. Like, that's honestly, those performances are inconsequential. But what are people gonna remember two years from now in midterms or four years from now when it's another presidential election? They gonna remember when, oh, you told us these were the, that you liking this guy to Hitler and this guy was a threat to democracy.


But then we saw you showing all your teeth with him at a funeral. And Not only that, when he, when he sat there and, and pretty much peed on your whole last four years in front of your face and, and you did absolutely positively nothing. They smiled, They boo Obama when he walked out, y'all. Yo, they did. President Biden did preemptive pardons yesterday for his whole family, for Dr. Fauci, for the January 6th.


Peace of the planet. Charlamagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real. That's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want at service, you deserve, or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Committee because he feels like Donald Trump is a threat to them and a danger to them. But then he turned right around and had tea with him before the inauguration. Well, you did all of that moral, you still saying this man is a threat to danger, but you still having tea with him in the White House. Moral the story is when they go low, y'all should stay home like Michelle Obama did. You thank God from Michelle Obama drop on a cool bombs from Michelle Obama, who seems to be the only person you can trust on that side because she's the only one keeping the same energy. If you don't like someone, don't pretend to. And if you think someone is a threat to democracy, act like it. Well, Biden didn't pardon his people, but he didn't part no. The the black people that needed it. Fanny, he didn't party, he didn't part in Maryland. He didn't part a bunch Of them. Oh Yeah. That he could, that he could've pardoned. Oh, Fanny, Fannie Willis and Alvin Bragg.


And could've pardoned all of them. Just James. They, yeah, right. Gets A party. He ain't pardon black people. We pardon his people. People that look like him. I'm gonna hold you down, but, but the, the other people that needed it. Now you on your own. Well, Welcome to a new regime, y'all. And I And I wrapping up And I, And I, And I hate so much when people say, oh, Trump, don't do me Snoop don't do nothing for the community. And Nelly. I'm sitting there like, man, if, if you knew what Snoop did for his own community, from the Pop Warn for all the itch that he has done for people, It's, I think the smoke. I just think the smoke finale and Snoop is inconsequential compared to President Obama and Biden who played in our faces. Hey, that's just my personal opinion. But you know, y'all, y'all, y'all need girls. Carry on. Do what you do. All right, I'm going back to TikTok Tac, Whatever.


All right, when we come back, we got front page news and then Da Vinci will be joining us this morning. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club on the Rosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Have some quick sports Chiefs beat the Texans. Commanders beat the Lions. The Bills beat the Ravens and the Eagles beat the Rams. All right, next week, well, this Sunday, I should say the Eagles take on the Commanders at three. The Bills take on the Chiefs at six 30 and college football National Championship, Ohio State beat Notre Dame, 34 23. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. DJ Envy, Charlamagne, the God and Lauren LaRosa.


How y'all feeling? Good. How are you? Less black and highly favored. Good. Love to hear it. All right, let's talk about this inauguration. I'm gonna just go ahead and get a disclaimer out there, y'all. It's just not enough time to get through all of it, but I'm gonna do my best. Okay, so President Trump. Yes, president Trump has officially been sworn in as the 47th president of these United States of America, saying the tide of change is sweeping the country. During his inaugural address, Trump said the golden age of America begins right now. And he will declare a national emergency at this nation's southern border. Now, Trump criticized the country's response to disasters and claim that the fires have been burning for weeks in Los Angeles without even a token of defense saying some of the wildfire victims were even in, in attendance of of his inauguration, despite not having a home to go home to, he also indicated that he will be changing the name of landmarks, the Gulf of Mexico.


He wants to be known as the Gulf of America in Mount Denali in Alaska, which was named for the native people. I believe in that land. He wants to be renamed to Mount McKinley. After the 25th president, president William McKinley Trump also thanked black and Hispanic voters for their support. And mentioned Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day when he spoke during his inauguration address. And he also spoke about eliminating DEI efforts and said The government will only recognize two biological sexes. Let's hear those comments from Trump's inaugural speech. From This day forward, our country will flourish and be respected again all over The World. We'll be the envy of every nation and we will not allow ourselves to be taken advantage of any longer.


Today is Martin Luther King Day and his honor, this will be a great honor, but in his honor, we will strive together to make his dream a reality. We'll forge a society that is colorblind and merit based as of today. It will hence forth be the official policy of the United States government, that there are only two genders, male and female. If you're a minority who voted for Trump, how do you feel about DEI? Initiatives being wiped away. I'm just asking a question. If you are a member of the L-G-B-T-Q community who voted for Trump, how do you feel about a lot of the executive orders you signed?


Especially a lot of, I'm about to say they, but I don't have to say that anymore. No, you don't. Especially you transgenders who, who supported, you know Donald Trump. How does somebody like Kaitlyn Jenner feel? Oh, she said congrats. She welcomed him right the way Or wait Bruce, how does Bruce feel? That's crazy. Wow. Yeah, we don't even know how, okay, welcome. But They knew what he was gonna do. He, he wasn't quiet about it. It's not like he was hiding. He said what he was gonna do first date. Now the he you talking about is Trump, right? Not Bruce just making sure. But they both He's They're both. Hes he, he, that's right. That's gold. I hate y'all. Alright. Alright y'all. You know, TikTok was a huge thing and that was a huge topic over the weekend. We were all stressed out or a lot of people were stressed out over the whole ban watching what happened on Saturday night.


It went dark for about 16 hours on Saturday night into Sunday morning. Well President Trump signed an executive order yesterday aimed at tackling TikTok in his first time back in the Oval Office. He signed the order. And let's hear what Trump had to say about TikTok. I May not do the deal or I may do the deal. TikTok is worthless. Worthless if I don't approve it. It has to close. I learned that from the people that own it. If I do the deal, it's worth maybe a trillion dollars. A trillion. So if I do the deal for the, I'm talking about doing it for the United States. If I do the deal for the United States, then I think we should get half. So basically, when users reopen the app, a message popped up thanking them for their patience and praising Trump for getting the app back online.


But I just need you guys to understand that this is only for about 90 days. So we'll see what happens as a result of this Chinese, this TikTok pan is still in effect. But as of right now, if you have the app, I believe you can use it while we're just sitting in limbo to see what happens. Go ahead and sell it to Frank McCourt and Project Liberty. You know, Donald Trump is proposing that it's a 50 50 joint venture that America owns half of it. China owns half of it. Emini here. Go ahead and get the deal done man. And give, give, give, give, give them whatever kickback they need to make it happen. Because about, And I disappointed by the way we was, we was hurt though. We was hurt Saturday night over TikTok. Not me, because I ain't got no damn tic tac TikTok. I got it. I was in a Poconos when it went dark, but I wasn't worried.


I'm like, Trump gonna bring it back. Yeah, we knew it was coming back. Trump know what he doing. Absolutely. Like he knew I, I knew it was coming back. Speaking of knowing what he's doing, he did sign an executive order, pardoning roughly 1500 people convicted in the January 6th riots. Let's hear more from Trump on that executive order for the J six rioters or what he refers to 'em as hostages. So this is January 6th and these are the hostages approximately 1500 for a pardon? Yes. Full pardon. Full pardon. Commutation. Full pardon? We, we hope they get him. We hope they come out tonight. Frankly. He said he was gonna do that. Yeah. And that's why his base loves him. You know, because he keeps, he keeps promises.


And I'll tell you something else. The reason that that one right there is so interesting is because think about the message that sends, if I do something on behalf of my president, I more than likely will get out 'cause my president gonna have my back. Right. You know what I'm saying? It's true. Like that's just, that's the message it sends. Yeah. Well if we could line up immigration Trump's executive order on immigration. So switching gears, he signed a lot of executive orders yesterday, to be honest. One of them in which is on immigration. He talked about it designating drug cartels as foreign terrorist organizations and also ending the birthright citizenship. Which basically means that if you are a migrant who came to this country and you had a child, well that child is no longer going to be considered a US citizen just because they were born in this country.


So let's hear more about Trump's executive order on immigration. People have wanted to do this for years. So they're now designated as terrorist organizations. Foreign and Mexico probably doesn't want that. They're killing our people. They're killing 250, 300,000 American people a year. It's ridiculous. We're the only country in The World that does this with birthright, as you know. And it's just absolutely ridiculous. But, you know, we'll see. We think it, we have very good ground. So of course as mentioned before, he has declared a national emergency at the US Southern border, which will bring additional Pentagon resources to the southern border.


And he does maintain that. He is fine with legal immigration. The Birthright thing is in the Constitution. So he can't do an executive order against that. Correct. I'm not sure how that really works because everything is so unprecedented. And not to mention you have the Supreme Court backing you. So he said he's got good grounds. So let's see what he, what, what legal grounds he actually has Emini here. Jesus. Yeah. Y'all keep talking about the law in regards to Donald Trump. Donald Trump doesn't, what the hell he wants. Money wants how you want. What is that? And it can be amended. That's the thing. Exactly. Especially when you have people, it could be amended. He could put a in this. Yeah. So, and being that he's actually in office, you know, all of this falls under his official capacity that the Supreme Court passed recently.


So Emini here, there's no telling what he's going to be able to do. But yeah, I'm gonna keep you posted. And that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Thank you Morgan. All right y'all. I'll talk to y'all tomorrow. All right. Now when we come back, you know this man from BMF. He's also the star of Lifetime's original movie Mary j Blige Family Affair, which premieres this week. Da Vinci will be joining us and we're gonna kick it with Da Vinci when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Roast is filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We Got the brother Da Vinci. Welcome.


Appreciate you Guys having me. How you feeling man? I'm feeling great. Feeling good. Good. Be here. It's crazy. Jess's not even here. She been saying we need to get Da Vinci up here for forever. For like months. She, yeah, she not even here. Aw, Damn. That's my dog. I love Jess. How you know Jazz? Just in from the Instagram? Yeah, no Instagram. And running into her, like I went to a few of her comedy shows And I started doing comedy. So it's like I, I watch a bunch of comedians. Okay. And every time I go watch her live, I'm like, bro, she's good. Yeah, she's actually great. She understands the art of it. Absolutely. Yeah. How do you just Start doing comedy? Like what made you not Funny? That's not easy. Who told you you're funny? I, I'm the Nah. Oh nah. I started doing a lot of speaking, right? Because mental health stuff and just different type of keynote speaking and moderating here and there.


And when I was doing that, like, you know, the audience, they would laugh a lot. And in my family like, you know, I joke around with my friend and stuff like that. So someone was like, yo, I think you should start doing comedy 'cause it's gonna build a different type of confidence for speaking. And I was just like, all right, bet. Let me just, you know, give it a try. So I just started hosting it And I started developing a love for it. And with that I just, you know, last year I did like 15 cities. This year I started off with one. I'm probably gonna do like 12 more. And Emini here. It is fun. I feel like I'm already an anomaly by the grace of God. You know, I made it out and my situation is like, why not just try like whatever at this point, you know? Well, let's, Let's go back. For most people that don't know who Da Vinci is or, or probably seen you but don't know the name, how did you get into the acting business? They, I'm sure people know you from Power or from BMF.


How did you, That's crazy. How did you get into Power B? This the same Should be Having beefs. I know it's the same different same block it same that same block though. But how did y'all get, how did you get into acting? I know you started off as a rapper, so break the people down. Where you from, how you started in, in your journey. Bet That, bet that, ah, so I'm from Brooklyn. I was in Brooklyn then my mom moved to Jersey. My parents split up and then, so I was like, like Newark, orange and Newark area. And I, back and forth between Brooklyn and Newark. I was getting in trouble a lot. And I moved to Florida, I got arrested and my dad was like, yo, I gotta keep him. I was just a badass kid. Just following the people in my environment, the people around me. When I was in Florida, I went to all white high school and that, that kind of changed my life.


That changed my perspective on life. I was seeing things that I've never really saw before. So it really just started developing my brain in a different way. And then afterwards when I went to college at one point my brother was like, bro, like you should try this like rap. I'm like bro, that's impossible bro. It's not gonna What school you went to? What college? I went to college. Central Florida. Central Florida. Okay. Yeah. And I was like, bro, this is, this is not gonna like be a real thing or whatever. And I was like, you know what, whatever, I'm gonna try it. And I moved back up north, my mom's and Gloria Carter, shout out to her. Jay-Z's mother. She had this Diamonds in the rough, I don't know if you guys ever Yeah, the group? Yeah. No. Oh no. Oh The Foundation. Yeah. Yeah. It was like a little restaurant thing. Foundation part. Oh it was in Newark. Yeah, in Newark. The Jamaican spot. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was. Yep. Yeah, exactly. It was Caribbean food. Yep. In Newark. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. So I'm mad people would come there and every Thursday she had this open mic thing.


So I got discovered from there. So I was like robbing, doing music there. And I was in the studio, I was recording a lot. But then after a certain point I was like starting to lose love for it. 'cause you know, it's one thing when you're on the outside looking in, but then when you really start getting into business and you see what they're promoting, what they're pushing you, the direction that they're pushing you towards, I'm like, bro, I'm not trying to perpetuate this. Like, like this is really like, people take this serious, you know? So I was like, damn, I don't like this. And at the same time I was told like, yo, you should start acting too 'cause it's gonna help with stage presence. So I started acting, shout out to Mark John Jeffries. He was the one, the boy from losing Isaiah and he played 50 and Get Rich Triangle. Yep. Yeah. And little Cs. And he was teaching this acting class in New York. And I was like, yo, lemme take it. And I started taking it and then I started, me and people shut out to Lil Mama 'cause she was the one like, yo, she was like, yo, come to LA like you should be my manager.


Yo, you talented, you speak different languages, you rap, you do this and that. And I was just like, bro, she ain't gonna wanna sign me. And she was like, bro, just go. And then I went and you know, I just started booking consistently. Now, now you on the Mary j Blige Family Affair series, the third installment of the series is Family Affair. Yeah. How's it been doing That? It's been great. Honestly, that's probably one of the, my most favorite projects. Only because it was a role that had nothing to do with being black. It was just existing, you know what I'm saying? And, and it promotes the family nucleus. You know, in the black community specifically, I feel like a lot of us, we promote things that is to our demise, into our destruction. So to be a part of a project so early in my career, you know, that is promoting what happens when having a family, the sacrifices that's being made and stuff like that.


I'm like, bro, that's fire bro. Because it, it's, it's done in a way that I feel like, you know, some kids watching this at home probably like, yo, I want that one day. You know? 'cause we got so much content and material that is doing the complete opposite. So to play something like this is like, bro, I feel like God is like smiling down. Like yeah, good job bro. And when I watched it all I kept thinking to myself is like, man, he loves her so much. Like, you're Ben. Yeah Ben. Yeah. Not me. Well you know what, Emini here in the movie, some people don't To be queer. So like, be real. That happens where people like hell Yeah. People be watching him be like, yo bro, I feel like you like her real. I'm like, no bro. I'm like, I'm doing my job, man. Like, Yeah, well as an actor in the, in the family affair, thank you watching it. I was like, wow, he loves her so much.


But there were times Emini here, y'all had, there was a lot that y'all had to deal with. Like, I don't wanna give it away, but as a EP on the project, because you're EP right, right on the project. Are you an involved EP where you're making those decisions to show like it's, it was like subtle moments. Like one time I think y'all went to a restaurant and she didn't order something and you notice and you're like, what's wrong? 'cause you didn't order blah, blah, blah. Little stuff like that. Are you being like, oh, we should do that as a ep or is that coming from somewhere else? Like Yeah. That, that, that adjustment. No, but a lot of things like, yeah I definitely like behind the scenes I'm like Guys, we can't put this out. Like, I'm like, bro, this is not, like, this don't really happen. You know? And a lot of times it was dope 'cause they gave us the creative freedom to say certain things. 'cause oftentimes stories like this, a different race is heavily involved. Like there's Caucasian producers that really don't really know some of the intricate details.


What happened Absolutely. In black community. So, absolutely. So they really like sat back a lot of times it was very like collaborative, you know, shout out to the producers, John Jordan Davis, Jeremy, and, and everyone, Bruce and everyone. Mary of course like all of, so it was fire. 'cause I was really able to be like, nah guys like nah, this is gonna send the wrong message and like they, they listened And I was like, yo, this is crazy. Like what? Like people don't even know. Like I really influenced that. Before you was in the business, did you pay attention to the images of black people on television? 'cause I, I've heard you mention that a few times. Absolutely. Okay. And, And I, I thought it was very disrespectful personally. Like, you know, a lot of times when you meet Europeans or white people that's really not exposed to black people in this country, they have this preconceived notion that we're like very ignorant.


Like the amount of times that people are like, yo man, you're so young and you speak so well and articulate. I'm like, as opposed to what Hate? Im like, I'm like, yeah. I'm like, bro. Like it is like, 'cause it's that many people that is like, because oftentimes what we do, and I've been watching this because I've been watching out for a while and different things And I be like, bro, it's like they be asking the right questions to the wrong people sometimes. And then they say something, I'm like, oh my God, now The World think that's how we all think. And I'm like, no, gimme an example. Hell nah. Nah. That was a good, that was a good conversation. Good. That was a good one. But it's just like, I'm like, bro, you having people answer certain questions about politics and they don't know about it or certain things about, I'm just like, important things. I'm like bro, And I, I'm not trying to sit here and say I know everything I would, it's okay to say I don't know.


Right. I'd be like, bro, I don't have enough information on this so I'm not about to just give the wrong information. But, you know, and when that happens a lot or, or the content and like Emini here we're looked at as violent as like, people are scared of us, boy. Like our bro, the, our stereotype is just, is crazy and we're perpetuating the hell out of it. Well congratulations too. Appreciate you. You went Gorilla heard you got a pregnant and you know, did the nice cute photo shoot and all that. That was pretty dope. Yeah. Yeah. Glow is funny as though yo, she's so famous. You Ain't deny that one you denied when Lauren brought up whoever she brought Up, you ain't deny Glow. You ain't say that. I was just acting. You say her name? Adriana. Adriana. Adriana. Nah, Adriana, that's my dog. Yeah, that's my dog. But the Glow thing Emini here, it was for the video, right?


Yeah, yeah, of course it was for the video. G Glow is so famous, bro. It's crazy. People was coming up to me in the street saying, oh that's glows baby daddy. I'm like, first of all Jesus. Like, I've been in this longer than Glows been around. And then second of all, like other people was coming up to me and saying, oh my God, you done trap my girl, you didn't wanna leave. It's not real. Yeah. And they was like, yeah. And they was thinking, I trap Glo. I'm like, yo, I make like a good like salary, like I've been making good money. Like before Glo even came into this, I'm like, Hey, you're saying I trapped her. That's crazy. Her following is like, legit bro. Girl, Are you gonna put a ring on her or you just gonna keep What she gonna do? You ever have more Kids? Nah, that, that's my, that's, I don think Glow Want Kids Glow is focused on career right now.


That's Priority. All. We got more with Da Vinci when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we are still kicking it with Da Vinci. He's the Star Lifetime's original movie. Mary j Blige is Family Affair. Of course you know him in BMF Charlamagne. Who introduced you to just, you know, therapy and, and, and mental health? Like, like who told you like, you know, you need to go out there and do some work on yourself or did you have people around you that was doing it and you decided to do it? Like, I got some friends that, you know, are strong believers in the Bible. Like whether it is their conservative Christian or their Pentecostal Jehovah Witness, things like that. And in the conversations that we have, oftentimes when I'm talking to them, it is like they hold up a reflection in my face.


And it's really good because a lot of times with certain spiritual things, it's like you can only see yourself spiritually, just like you can only see yourself physically through a mirror or if somebody's telling you there's something on your forehead. If I'm telling you there's something on your forehead with, and there's no mirrors ever around, you've gotta trust what I say. So there's certain things that ano only another person can see that's in your soul. So I, I think I've been fortunate enough to be around people that, you know, they hold me accountable. You know what I'm saying? If, if, if I'm acting a certain way, if I'm just being too fleshly, you know, they, they, they bring that to the forefront. So, which forced me to go to therapy at one point And I was like, bro, you know, I, you could just do it. And I was like, man, nah. 'cause I grew up with like OGs where it just like, they call that all type of soft, weak names that you all them needed.


Yeah, exactly. Every single one they needed the most. Right. And then I went, I went there and then, you know, just thinking about certain things in my childhood and the way they was breaking that down and bringing that up, I was like, yo, I'm like, bro, we all need this. And it's like a superpower. It's like the first time I feel like you ever just look at yourself in the mirror, get a haircut and brush your teeth. Like that's what it do spiritually to you. Like a lot of people walking around like, bro, they like, they're so unaware of what's going on. And then, and the ironic thing is like they think they know so much. It's like the people that's just so far from themselves and from reality. They got the biggest opinions and know so much. But you know, I feel like when you go there it kind of humbles you and it allows you to see yourself from like a third party perspective and, and it's healing man.


We need that. In you doing that, does it trigger anything for you? Because you had to go through therapy yourself, I'm assuming you dealt with some stuff that was heavy, kind of like with the, with your character Ben dealt with. Like did any of that trigger you? Definitely, my life at home is like, it's a tough one. You know, my brothers go through it and they're going through it. My family have gone like, they're going through it currently, you know, so it's definitely a lot of pressure, you know, that that movie in a way was kind of mirroring like some real stuff in life. Yeah. I just, I just try to keep good people around to just help carry me and lift me up. But yeah, it's a lot going on back home and usually when you're the one that like, you know, you, you make it out so to speak. It's like, it is a blessing and a curse, you know? 'cause then you start speaking a language that nobody around you understand anymore.


And it's like you're speaking everything but English and it's the most frustrating thing. 'cause it's like you watch the way you could help somebody. They're asking you for advice, but then the things that you're saying, they're not even taking it. And then you're just like, it's almost gonna drive you into insanity, right? When you're the only one that makes that and you're forced to create an extended family. Thank God that we can meet people and, and have this family. But at the same time you're just receiving so much from back home that it's like a up thing. Like, it's like, it's not what it's all cracked out to be. It's, it's a blessing. 'cause yeah, you're financially free, but like you've been tasting this financial freedom, but you've been also building yourself in a prison simultaneously. And you're like, damn, when do you separate though? When do you say, you know what, sometimes I gotta step away so I can be free mentally. That's why I got a lot of dogs.


And I go into, I go into nature And I, most of my friends not entertainers, like I love the business Hollywood, but that's not like, that's not a real place. I had, I had a real life, you know, so, And I'm so aware that that's not a real place and that's the way I try to separate out of that. And I just, I ride horses. I just do match in nature, bro. Like that's the only, and that, that's what I communicate with God. And I read scripture, like God is the real reason why I'm like sane. Like the reason why. And I was talking to the surgeon general about this in the US doctor for Vic Mur. So he hit me up last year to hop on the last leg of his tour. We were made to connect because of the, the national crisis right now, the mental health situation. But we were having these conversations, man. He was just like, it's literally because we're not connecting to higher power anymore.


I agree. You know, and, and it's like we literally have, I believe it's like a worship chromosome in like every human being to praise the deity to do this. But we're doing, we're taking on these, burning these burdens in a narcissistic way and like we're carrying a weight that we were never meant to carry. Like we're trying to fight this battle that's way bigger than us. And when you just put all your worries, you cast all that onto the Lord, like, it's like, it seems like a lot, but you're like, nah, I'm good. Like I know I'm just fighting a good fight, bro. Like this really is battle. I'm just a soldier. So it just, it alleviates that and that's how I'm able to just go about my day. Like by the grace of God, I'm not on any type of, you know, certain stabilizers mentally or whatever. 'cause God is that for me. Absolutely. Now I wanna go to BMF. How did you get BMF? How was that, that situation?


That was, man, that was fire. That was actually during the pandemic. So like, I was fortunate enough again, man, I, I hate to keep saying God, but bro, this is truth. No, no. I would hate to say I just, I don't, I don't wanna be that person, but like, God's timing is crazy. So like right before the pandemic we was blowing up on All American and then all and then when the pandemic hit, all American got way bigger. Like it was like the biggest show in The World. 'cause everyone's saying they as at home. So we was like, we got so famous that it was unprecedented. Like it was like they was gonna cancel the show on CW and Netflix made this show like just a household name. And in doing that, I had like three different offers for different shows And I saw BMN coming, I was like 50 cent. I was like, oh snap, this is five.


But I was like, for a second I thought it was one of the power things, because I'm not gonna lie, I never wanted to do power. Why? I've never, only because it's like I feel like I wanted my first drug thing story to be a true story. Like I, I didn't want to just do it just to do it because when you're doing it and no shade to anybody that do it, the little Power Boys, Michael and Gianni them. I love Little Power Boys. I they cool, they cool, they cool as hell. Like I really, they, yeah, they little in stature and, and just everything. Jesus. But, but nah, not just that, not just that, but I was just like, if I'm gonna do that, like I would, it would be five if it's like a true story, you know. And I was like, yo, this is two brothers that ran one of the largest domestic drug distributions and they knew who I was And I 50 watched the show All American, the showrunner, lot of producers.


And it was like one audition that I like got tested And I was reading a long time Meech Lil Meech. And it was like, bro, like you know, you you, you bring something out of him that da da da da da, whatever, whatever. And I booked it And I was like bro. And I actually went out for B Mickey and Terry. Mm wow. Yeah. So I really, yeah. Lemme have a question 'cause you know, it, it is based on a true story, but you talk about the negative images of, of black people. BMF was, you know, huge drug dealer. So how do you, you know, justify playing that Role? Right? No, which is a great question. 'cause I, I've, I've been asked that before this interview said the same thing And I was just like, okay. And they was like, how do you feel that you're promoting that and yeah you're perpetuating this image. I was like, well if you watch a 8 24 a Blumhouse film or anything like that or like a scream and somebody's like stab someone 57,000 times, do you think that I'm gonna go stab someone 57,000 time?


No. And if that's what you're thinking, you probably shouldn't watch tv, right? So what what I'm doing is like, I feel like one, you should receive it in the same manner that is art. But two is a true story. There's a true story about black people that was part of one of the most successful human trafficking in the history of The World. The transatlantic slave trade was one of the most successful human trafficking. Actually it probably is these most successful actually. Yeah. The, so you've got these two brothers and when slavery was abolished and all this stuff was happening, now you got these brothers in the middle of nowhere. Everybody know poverty is the mother of all crime. They know statistics show it. Benjamin Franklin said it. All the founding fathers know, that's why systemically they put these things in a certain position just for you too. Fell. You got these brothers that rose out of that, that created this organization and ran this organization that they ran.


And I just asked people, I challenged them to be like, imagine if they had a better environment that would've been Steve Jobs, that could have been the Wright brothers, that could have been Elon Musk and them that could have been, you know, to to have that courage and to lead that many men to really listen to you and follow you and salute to you in what you're doing. Especially Yeah. Right. Exactly. Exactly. And something illegal too. 'cause you know, if we doing something illegal together, I don't really gotta listen to you 'cause I could tell the cops on you at any moment, but they had, you know what I'm saying? I'm like bro, yeah. All Know they had a cold Bro. That's crazy. So I just challenge people to look at it from that perspective and be like, damn, like we're a product of, you know, I still think we, we live in a great country but you know, the founding fathers of this country building on a certain playing field and you got brothers that rose out out of at a time that there wasn't positive influences at all.


So I think if they were born in different times of better influences, they would've been scientists, they would've been anything else. Alright, we got more with Da Vinci when we come back. Don't move. It's The, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Da Vinci. Lauren, Did you get a chance to talk to Big Meech since big me? Yeah, I used to. I used to actually talk to Big Meech a lot like FaceTime. 'cause Lil Mech would be FaceTiming him on set while he was locked up and you know, and talking to him and he was just like, yo bro, they be playing that All American all the time. Like, like we watch all y'all. He's, he's cool as hell. Like those guys, honestly, they're like, that's like Bigfoot. You know those are like, it's like foreign creatures that's like, yo what like every rapper mention these people And I'm like, by the grace of God And I'm around these juggernauts like real street legends and then the hip hop legends.


I'm just like, bro, sometimes it feel like a dream And I'm gonna wake up and be like, bro, I had the wildest dream last night. Are You and me?


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, ne to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. A cracker a bat and another one Gone. A tip Bud The Cap because Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Cool. Like in real life or How's Y'all bond? Little me. We, we, we cool. Like it's all, it is all love. I take, we just, you know, he be so busy in his world, he could Tell you ride horses man and be in nature. I know, but can be in nature. Play Brothers on the show me be the club me be the club. He the groceries. He can ride a horse. Nah, that's good Show. He rode the horse after he got the groceries or He put the groceries on the horse. Nah, me, me, me and a different world. He his own little world I got love on. But you know, we, we just, we be on this side of the planet, I'll be on that side of the planet. We come together and we work and we do our thing. What, What's your, so first of all, funny Marco, Sean, take your girl. Who's My girl? Lala. Oh my God. Do You get tired of people bringing that up to you? Like just that because oh, in one screen y'all interaction right.


Is very complicated. And then off screen, there's like moments too. It's like y'all was holding hands. Nah, merchandise. Nah, I was just being a gentleman, you know, I was just, she was just, she was, I think she was a little tipsy and she was like, oh, can you help me walk? And I was like, yeah, I got you. And I was just doing what, how my mama raised me to be like, yeah, that's, You'll be turned up. You'll be telling, sending all your checks to Lala. Play with OG Lala if you want. You can't keep been getting checks Before Blow was famous, he got a couple checks to spare. That's what I'm saying. Facts. Facts. Oh, Okay. Okay. Sometimes be like y you made him blush out. He ain blush the whole time talking about Lala. He was guys smiling. Exactly. That's crazy how, Yeah, but no you, it's a little bit harder now though. The smile's a little bit bigger. Nah, that's not, I'm, I'm messing with you. But yeah, Emini here.


I guess so nothing 'cause y'all always say it's nothing there. But even when y'all was on Jason Lee's sit down show, it was a minute ago. Oh yeah, yeah. Even there I was like, they kind of cute though. Like there's like a little synergy. Nah, that, that, that's my dog. Like I think Lie is one of the most genuine absolutely. Humans in this business. Like, and she got a spirit that is like, you almost feel like you knew her forever. So like when you're around her, she brings like out like this kid in you, you know what I'm saying? So that's probably why when you mention her name, I was smiling, but, and then she give me great advice. Like, that's my dog. How did you feel when Power got, I don't wanna say canceled, but dude, they ended power. I felt good about it. I was just like, man, nah, nah. I was like, damn, that sucked. They out of a job.


Like I know that fell, but I know they're about to have another spinoff. Like you gotta be Right 50. Yeah, 50 is like, it is like the Avengers bro. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, just like Chris Evans and the rest just resigned the Marvel. There's obviously about to be another Avenger, so you know, there's about to be something else. It'd Be like Power Book three or Exactly. Oh no, they Already did three. They already did four too. They did four too. Yeah. Damn. Yeah, it probably, yeah, it's probably, it's probably gonna like a new force. Yeah. The last episode of y'all, last season y'all were like in the middle of the, like the desert. It was like Mexico or something. Oh yeah. Right. So how do you feel, And I don't even know if you see this, but like for that last season, a lot of what I was seeing online was people being like, all right, now the storyline is getting unbelievable Emini here. It's TV and film. You know, like, I think, I think they gotta over exaggerate and do certain things Emini here personally, some of the creative decisions, I'll just be sitting back like, ah, damn, but Emini here, there's only so much I could do.


It's almost like when you're a player on the field or you playing football, basketball, whatever, sometimes you just gotta run with the route that the coach tell you to and it's like, it's, it's bigger than you, you know? And, and yeah. But I, I, I, I shut up. I humble myself. It's like, bro, I just got in the game. I'm not trying to piss people off. And so in this the upcoming season, do you figure out Lovewise like where are you? What you doing? Because you all over the place, you got, it's like two families at this point. Yeah, I think he's more focused on the money. Like, I think, I don't think he's ever gonna figure it out. I think it's still not figured out. Honestly. Guy mad you asks me like it's not figured out to the point that the real marisha is getting pissed. Mm. You know, like how that story is being portrayed. So I don't think, I think it, they, yeah, like they wasn't really thinking about family for real, like that they was just like Emini here.


Of course like they were to a certain extent, but it was like, yo, let's figure this situation out. You know? So I don't even think they really like had the capacity to be like, yo, we want to, like, I'm gonna think about really just sitting here and building family with this one or that one, you know? Right. But maybe that happens, I Don't know. Do people come to you in real life upset about how you doing the girls on the show? Absolutely. Because you, you mentioned that with Adriana. Absolutely. People really just be like, bro, why you doing my girl Sydnee like that Cindy Mitchell? I'm like, bro, first of all, when you're talking about the show, you use my real name and then when you're see me in outside, you use the character name. I'm like, bro, that's kind of crazy. Like when you're saying like, yo Da Vinci was doing this for Lala, that's on the show. But then when you see me in real life, you're like, yo, Terry, yo, you Marquia. That's my, And I'm like, yo bro. Like you gotta stick to the, you know what I'm saying?


Because it sound crazy. But yeah, people all the time man, like mad gangsters be coming up to me. Like, they be Mad about how you meet with Lala. Yeah, absolutely. And then the gangsters be coming up to me like, yo bro, like, first of all they be like, yo, what is it like to Lala? I'm like, bro, that's not real. And I'm like, bro, there ain't no way bro. I'm like, bro, they bro tell, I'm like, bro, that's not real. And then they start going into they meats and tea stories. I'm like, bro, like if you tell me this now I'm an accomplice kind of, you know, I'm like, I'll tell on your ass. And they just, they just shut up and they just keep it pushing. But like the amount of gangster stories that I have to run away from, bro, I'm like, bro, I'm please like, what's Your dream Role? Probably to play Tous Leche or Deline. They was like two characters. I was very influential in the Haitian revolution.


The Haitian Revolution was one of the most profound revolutions in the history of The World. Only because it was the first time black people gained their independence on paper. You know? And it was a small little army that destroyed Napoleon Bonaparte's army who was known to be like the Best War general at the time. So I think it'll be fire to like be a character in that story. Like that's like a real Marvel superhero. Yeah. To black people, you know, like they created their own language, which is the language that I speak fluently, which is Creole, which is 75% French and like different languages. And they switched it up just so when they're fighting, when it was in the war. Like the French people can't really understand, but we can understand Flint, French, you know, so it's kind of fire. And I think that story is like dope as hell. And that's one of the things that don't ever get talked about.


I would love to play a character like that. Emini here. Yeah. That's why they punish in Haiti to this day. Oh, damn Charlemagne. You said it brother. I did not say that. Yeah, yeah. Nah, for real. And you Dominican, right? Yep. Yes he is. Yeah. What up man? He my neighborhood. I'm not Dominican. He is? I am not Dominican. He Just say that he lying. I'm not, I'm fully black. A hundred thousand percent. Oh what? Oh You. Oh, I thought you was joking. You really thought that. See, you can't be mad that people think you doing La la wrong. You date Lala and you think he Dominican? Dominican? I'm not Dominican. I have no Spanish in me. My parents are black. Black. Like Black. Yo. Sean, picture your parents. I don't speak no Spanish. Nothing. Nothing. He, he, I don't know why he don't claim it, but, oh, he's crazy. I'm black. Why'd you get nominated for Dominican DJ Award? I'm black.


Black. Why'd you get nominated for Dominican DJ awards? Because you say it every morning on The Breakfast Club and people really think that. No. Oh, he really got nominated for that Dominican. Where your daddy from? My Daddy's black. Where's he from? He's black. He from, he's black. See? Know what I'm saying? That's crazy. Where's your dad From? Dominica. Oh, it's a Caribbean island. Dominica is a Caribbean island. Dominican is his family. You're do, man, cut It out. My dad is half black and his father's from the island. The do is Caribbean island, bro. My mother is hundred percent black. I don, I don. I don't really know why Claim is That's that's, that's Not true. That's actually hilarious. Nah, it's okay DJ.


And Be like, it's okay man. Okay. Record your set. Good. Good to meet you brother. Peace. Yeah, likewise brother. It's a pleasure to be here with you. Absolutely. Make sure you check out Family of FA premiere in January 25th at 8:00 PM Eastern on lifetime while NV looks up his birth certificate. No, look up my picture so he can see my picture. And he and he can't find no picture where he don't look. Dominican. Nah. White jeans, curly hair giants jerseys. Knock it off. It's the breakfast. Wait, wait, wait. Jordan, did you play baseball? No, I actually played football of eighth and football. I'm from Queens Village of Queen Village is nothing but Haitians. No, that's, that's your cousins. Dominicans and Haitians is the same thing. One of Dominicans, same Haitians, light-skinned Haitians. Yeah, exactly.


Same thing. Oh my gosh. Same thing. I'm black. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get right to just with the mess. Music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't nobody just worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. Dave Chappelle hit the SNL stage over the weekend and first of all, the open a monologue. Of course it's Dave Chappelle, so it's going to be brilliant, but it was immaculate. He touched on a lot of things. So the first thing he talked about was just not wanting to take the job in the beginning, but he decided to take it anyway.


And the minute he took it all heck broke loose in LA with the fires. So let's take a listen to him. Joking about the fires. This one is close to home. Now I don't live in LA and I've never been like a big fan of LA but I've built many, many memories there And I have great friends there and, and a lot of them lost their homes. And it, and it broke my heart. And then I go on the internet And I watch these fire videos And I read the comment sections and everyone's like, yeah, it serves these celebrities, right? I hope the houses burn down. And you see that, that right there, that's why I hate poor people because they can't see past their own pain. Hilarious. Yeah. Then he went into, oh, Monologue was hilarious.


Yes. He went into the fires burning down like certain areas and, and he made a joke about West Hollywood, which if you have lived in la you know West Hollywood, it's called neighborhood. Let's take a listen to that. And then we watch the news or talk to my friends. They all have these conspiracy theories. What started these fires? Now they say it's arsonists. I've heard this theory and I'm sure there were some arsonists, but there were a lot of elements that came together to make this fire. The catastrophe. That was the, the winds were a hundred miles an hour. La was, was dry as a bone and the levees. And if you were a rational thinking person, you have to at least consider the possibility that God hates these people sodomites.


And that's not true because, because West Hollywood was unscathed. Because how can you burn what is already flaming, Hilarious, y'all. Then he gets into Diddy. Let's take a listen. That Great segue. Well, I've been in a lot of trouble my day, but, but man, lemme tell you something. This guy puffy buddy, this guy is in an enormous amount of trouble. I've never, I don't think I've ever seen anything like this. They got this guy in a RICO case by himself. Lot of my friends ask me, they say, Dave, did you know anything about those free golf parties? I'd be like, nah man, I know anything about the free golf.


And they'd be like, well, how all these people, you know, was at the free golf, but she's the only one that wasn't at the free golf. And I thought about it for a minute, I said, oh my gosh, I'm ugly. Hilarious. Yes, Yes. Everything was hilarious. He, and you know, he always ends it with like a message. 'cause they, they bring him back normally during a really high like political time. So this was before the inauguration. So he did leave off a message for Donald Trump. Let's say, listen to that Man. Remember whether people voted for you or not. They're all counting on you whether they like you or not. They're all counting on you. The whole world is counting on you. Emini here, this, when I say this, good luck.


Please do better next time. Please all of us do better next time. Do not forget your humanity and please have empathy for displaced people, whether they're in the Palisades or Palestine. Thank you very much. And And go ahead. I loved it. No, yeah, I watched it three times. You know, Dave is a master of ceremony. And the ceremony, the ceremony that is, is life. And he's just, he's just, he just brings things together in a, in a, in a very good, smart way. Yeah, he does. Smart. Funny way. Yeah. Always One of the funniest. And He brought, he, he brought back some iconic characters. They did a sketch where you, y'all know the pop the balloon sketch?


Yeah, of course. Stuff that they do where there's a girl named Arlet who has like her own version of Pop the Balloon and they spoofed that and he brought back Ashley Larry as well. But he also brought back so Johnson and beautiful and it was like a whole thing. Let's take a listen to that. Ready for the next man Meet Silky. Thank you all that. Ow. Ow. Silky. They shooting Sweet day and salutations. Ladies, my name is Silky Johnson. Little bit about me. I'm a purveyor of precious goods and services. IE I'm sorry. Are you some sort of sex Trafficker? I don't do traffic.


I take helicopters. Bitch. C Charlie, Donelle Donelle was here up here, up here with us. And he said he might make an appearance. Appearance and he did. He was ashy. He was beautiful. We talked About, yeah, that's, yeah. That was smart. Yeah, Very much so. And Gorilla was in this scene too. She was one of the girls that had the balloon glow performed on SNL over the weekend as well. One of the best SNLs I've seen in a while probably. 'cause I sat there and watched the whole thing. And you was off the dime right Off the No, that was Sunday. I was high Saturday but I don't drink no D What? You oh my bad. I'm drinking 1942. Oh yeah, I'm drinking cottage. But yeah, I was high Saturday but I sat there And I watched the whole hour I yo drop on the cruises bombs for Gorilla too. Go.


Really? She bodied her perform. She killed her performance. She did. She was, oh my God. She was moving for sure. Now in other news, ASAP Rocky. So you guys remember back in 2021 ASAP Rocky got into it with or allegedly got into it one of his homeboys or former homeboy? Asap. ASAP Rally. Yep. Yeah. And there was reports ASAP Rally had said that ASAP Rocky allegedly pulled out a gun shot the gun, the gun grazed them, the bullet grazed them, whatever, whatever. So that is finally going headed to court. They'll actually be in court today. Yep. Tuesday. And the judge has already said like, look, I don't care who he is, we are gonna make sure this is done fair, this is done the right way. We're gonna move swiftly to get a jury. And then once the jury happens, they're gonna start going down. You know the whole case cameras will be allowed in a courtroom for anyone who doesn't remember Asat, Rocky is being charged with two felony counts of assault with a semi-automatic weapon.


He did plead not guilty and he's facing up to 24 years if found guilty in this. And one thing to point out here, 24 Years. Up to 24 years. Yeah. And he and he barely got shot or he got grazed. The reports were that he got grazed. Okay. I I think one was in the hand. It was something with the just asking. Yeah. What I, the reports I know were, were grazing but I think because he's taking it to court. Normally when you take it to court and you wanna fight it, they, they lay out all of the potential years and then you know what Emini here. Yeah. They're taking To trial. You mean taking the trial? Yeah. But one thing I wanted to point out in the beginning of all of this Joseph ta Taina was his attorney. People are pointing out the similarities that that was Trump's former attorney.


Yep. Y'all remember Trump was trying to help asap when ASAP was ASAP Rocky. There's two asaps was over in, was it Sweden? I think he was in Sweden. Yeah. Yeah. And he was, he was stuck over there. You entertained for a minute. People were like, okay well if something does happen, at least you know President Trump is, he's an ASAP Rocky fan. At least he'll be good. So we'll, we'll keep you guys post it with that You nigga then you dot connector. Yo. What y'all connect dots the way y'all do. Math is so silly. It sounded good to me. This is so silly. I got you two plus two. I got it. You, you sound me. I got it. I Saw it. He wasn't feeling it for, he Wasn't feeling the for It was season math. That's Look, He just hired a lawyer. Used, used To be Trump's him a little minute ago too though. But that's not a, He probably was a bunch of people's lawyer. But y'all look up to who else lawyer he was.


Let me see. He's probably just a good lawyer. It's not important. No, I've heard his name a lot. I heard you connect, you connected the dots the right way. Thank you. Alright, shoot. Well Charlamagne, who you giving that donkey to man? Four after the hour. These people shouldn't have tried to connect no dots whatsoever. But their name is Jennifer and Dustin Nail. They need to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with them. I understand people want to help what's going on in la but there's a way to help. Oh God. And there's a way to hurt. Okay. They hurt. We'll discuss. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning You are checking out The Breakfast Club. I just wanted to know how you came up with the donkey today. Tell Because you're mean I'm not. What did I do? I don Today You get a bunch of donkeys out in the street.


That is why Charlemagne ain't, if We live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may offend, we never would ing. Don't damn throw it. Hey, give it to him on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlamagne to God, he's a donkey that oh man. Charlamagne you giving Donkey Day The who now? Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today for Tuesday, January 21st goes to a 44-year-old woman named Jennifer Neil and 31-year-old Dustin Neil. They're both from Oregon and according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, they were arrested for reportedly impersonating firefighters and using an illegitimate fire truck in the Palisades fire evacuation zone.


I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to King five Seattle for the report please. About 29 people have been arrested in Los Angeles so far in connection to criminal activity related to the ongoing fires. That includes two people from Oregon who tried to drive into an evacuation zone while impersonating firefighters deputies said Dustin Nell and Jennifer Nell claim to represent Oregon's Roaring River Fire Department, which doesn't even exist. Deputies detained the individuals and questioned them. They have learned that this individual have purchased the vehicle to an auction and they had been in the area for about a couple of days.


The two even had firefighter gear, helmets and radios. Dustin Nell had prior convictions in Oregon for criminal mischief and arson. I was born in 1,978 And I remember dumb ass slogans like fak it until you make it. The reason I believe that's a dumb ass slogan is simply because I don't believe in faking it ever. Okay ladies, this is why your man still doesn't know what he's doing in the bedroom because you keep faking it. But at least there was an end goal. The end goal was to make it. Okay. We live in a generation now where you have a bunch of people just happy to be faking it. And my 46-year-old brain will never understand that. Okay? The whole you turn out to be what you pretend to be. Not if you don't actually work to be whatever it is you're pretending to be.


Okay? This era just likes pretending, right? This era just likes faking. And I don't understand why. Because you all work very, very, very hard to pretend. You all bust your ass to fake things. Dustin and Jennifer didn't just lie and say they were firefighters. They went and got all the gear in a whole fire truck. I didn't know they just had those things lying around. Alright? They claim they work for the Roaring River Fire Department in Oregon, but no such agency exists. This is why a bunch of y'all sitting in prison right now for fraudulent PPP loans, okay? Because you created companies like Roaring River Fire, LLC, and no such company existed. But people, the time, the energy, the effort you all put into pretending you can actually put into real work, okay?


This is why I don't understand. This is what I don't understand. All right? We have brains and in these brains we form ideas and then we work towards those ideas. We spent countless hours working towards those ideas. Why is your brain wide to put all this effort into pretending but not actually doing real work? I'll tell you why. Because social media has it to where all you have to do is look the part. That's it folks get off on looking like they're doing something as opposed to actually doing something. And y'all pretending to do amazing things. Jennifer and Dustin pretended to be firefighters in the Palisades in la. They showed up in a fake firetruck talking about we're here to save lives.


If you're gonna impersonate a public servant, aim a little lower next time, okay? Don't start as a firefighter showing up to a catastrophe like the LA fires. Be a fake mall cop with something. Okay? It's not like being a rapper where you don't even have to have talent anymore. You can just throw on some fake jewelry, whatever the latest rapper wardrobe is. Put little in front of your name and voila, that's easy to impersonate. But firefighters, firefighters have a certain set of skills they have to run in the burning buildings. Jennifer and Dustin wouldn't be able to save you from a flaming hibachi grill. There's too many humans, man. Too many humans in the way. Too many humans in the way out here. Y'all out here trying to be heroes in a fake fire truck while the real heroes are busy risking their lives, trying to save lives.


And what would happen if you all actually got into some action? Huh? You think you're gonna out firefight the real firefighters? The real firefighters gonna see something burning and know what to do with it. You all gonna see something burning and say, nah, I'm just playing pretending to be a firefighter during a tragedy. Like the LA wildfires that's like pretending to be a dentist with no teeth. Okay, Jennifer, Dennis, you all have no tools, no training and no damn common sense. But what you do have is charges for impersonating a firefighter and entering an evacuation zone. Okay? The truck which was purchased at an auction was also impounded. Sidebar, what's the point of selling a firetruck to regular civilians?


Okay, that should be illegal. What else am I gonna do with a fire truck after I buy it anyway? Please give Ster and Dustin Neil, Jennifer and Dustin Neil, the sweet side of the Hamiltons You of the day. You the dog of the day. What was you gonna do once you got there though? Like once you get in there with the fake firetruck and the fake fire gear, then what? Did they have the mask too for the smoke inhalation? I don't think it matters. Did they have water in their holes?


What was the point? What do you do once you get there? I don't know, But it's save pictures for the grand. But it's funny that you said that. 'cause I seen a special on TV this weekend about people buying these fire trucks and they, it's a lucrative business. They actually rent them out for like kids having birthday parties, parades, and all types of kids' activities. Well that makes sense. Where they rent out these fake firetruck that really don't work and they have the lights and everything like that and the ladders and all that. So that Makes sense. 'cause I'm sitting there thinking, why would you even sell that in an auction? But none of them did. Do people went to the fires in LA though? No. The fires in la I don't know what he was going. You Ain't even start small. You went for the gusto. Like You didn't even try to get a cat out of a tree.


You know what I'm saying? Yes. When? Right. Lord have Mercy. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, master P will be joining us. We're gonna kick it with Master P. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Rosa filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. The legend. Master P. Welcome back. What's going on y'all? How you feeling brother? Man, you know, we've been dealing with a lot New Orleans, but we holding on. And so for the 14 people that lost their lives down there, we definitely praying for them and their families and the ones that got injured in this terrible tragedy terrorist act that we had going on down there, man, I got in the studio with Mayor X and KLC produced a song with trombone shorty, with mack and symphonic.


And we made a song for the city and all the proceeds going to the families of the victims. So, and it's called New Orleans Keep Holding On. And we holding on Some people were, were were upset a little bit and felt like New Orleans should have shut down a little bit longer. What, what are your thoughts on that? Well, you Gonna always have opinions, man, with everything. But we gotta let God lead us on this journey. And so imagine that we didn't bounce back and didn't stand up then everybody be saying, man, why y'all holding y'all heads down? No, we gotta keep going. We the ones that that's, that are alive. It's like anything else for some way in your heart. You just gotta let God just keep you moving. And that's, that's what it is for us. We just keep moving. Like we gonna keep moving no matter what.


We also praying for the ones that lost their lives in California and the fires, the ones that lost their houses. So Emini here, y'all had something in New York. Y'all had to keep going. They had something in Chicago, had something in Vegas. You know, we dealing with evil, but whatever they meant for evil, God gonna turn it into good. And so, you know, that's the resilience with the city of New Orleans. How do we stop that from happening again? Right? Because if you put barricades up and you block people, that kind of kills the vibe of what it was, right? So is there a way to prevent that from happening again? Man, we just gotta keep praying and, and doing the right thing. 'cause that could happen any, anywhere Emini here. The stuff that y'all had happen in New York, like it, you, you can't stop Evil acts. It's now we gotta deal with the mental illness.


We've been talking about this. We, when you see signs of people not doing stuff right or going a different direction than life, you know, we have to do something about it. We have to talk to our people about it. We have to sit down. Some of these people need to get counseling. Some of these people need to get help. Some of these people need to get therapy. So Emini here, even when you look at the people that's in the military, the, the people that are protecting us, like these are just regular people. And so you don't know when somebody going to go left. But, but what we can do is, you know, that's why we create all these different organizations to mental illness is real. Yeah. And so we, we we we have to take note when, when, when we see these type of things. What Is, what is Bourbon Street like today? Like right now? Like what's happening there?


Emini Here, we, we had the, the Sugar Bowl game couple weeks later and, and that was sold out and people still walking down Bourbon Street. You still have business. People still have to survive. You got a lot of great restaurants down Bourbon Street And I think that's what it is. We do have a lot of flowers and, and crosses and stuff out there for the, for the victims that lost their lives. But at the same time, Emini here, we, we gotta figure out some kind of way to come together now. I think putting the plaques up there to remember the ones that we lost, I think that's going to be the right thing to do because I think even when you keep passing by and you see that it almost sin, you know, you kind of like keep reliving it. And so we gotta get to a position.


Hopefully we get to that position by the Super Bowl to where we don't have to keep reliving that. Right. And we, we could keep praying and moving on. I Wanted to ask people, we haven't seen you in a couple of years, but you would one of the, the, the first to stand on HBCU athletics, right? Yes. And I remember when, when your son was, was going to college and you put your son into A-H-B-C-U, people laughed. They said he wouldn't make it. You wouldn't get TV time now to see how things have changed. Yeah. How, how, how does that look for you? What what, what's your thoughts on that Emini here? It it looked, it looked good for me because think about it. Racism still exists. Prejudice still exists in our country even though we getting farther and getting better, right? But it's still places that you could go that you still have to deal with this.


The great thing about HBCUs is that this is our people. This is our culture. And that's why, you know, when I, when I went and spoke at the graduation at Grambling and just seeing all the people and watching us evolve, being able to now go to Grambling and say we gonna do movies over there. You know, so it's like we have more opportunities but now we we making sure that the facilities are better now. 'cause think about back in the days, the facilities. That's what you said that was, that was, you said that was the biggest thing. That was the biggest thing. They didn't have the facilities for the kids to recco, Retrain. Yeah. We didn't have the doctors, we didn't have the right training. And now, you know, by us making that noise, we are starting to get some of those things that shout out to Dion Sanders Emini here for, for stepping up and, and going build his career at A-H-B-C-U.


And I, y'all might see me real soon coaching basketball. I I, I, I ain't gonna let y'all know h y'all gonna see, see that'll be different. You got de son Jackson at Delaware Estate. Got Mike Dick at Norfolk. Mike Vic at Norfolk p Coaching HBCU basketball team. That'd be hard. Yeah. Emini here. You know what? I think that that's why we can't be afraid to grow up and be able to follow whatever Pat go up put you on. And so I just feel like coaching, I coached the Mar Rose And I coach Lance Stevenson Emini here, so many great pro athletes, Brandon Jennings. And now to be able to get to a college and understand how this NIL stuff work and be able to help our culture. And that's what that's about for me because it's all, it's also about preparing the next generation what's in the Miller Jeans Man, you I see Silk son.


Yeah. He had LSU ball and averaging 17 and five. Yeah, yeah. No, no, it's good man. Because silk's on the LSU, my piece of the planet


Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season, prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon Music, or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby? You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is The Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stretch free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Questlove and I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop, Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. A cracker a bat, and Another one Gone. A tip bud. A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up seat nine months. Rosa, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Sunday Houston, Houston doing this thing and they both freshmen. Wow. So, you know, but I, I told my son, I said, education, don't rush it. You know, Emini here, he at one of the top schools in the country in basketball. He averaged 30 Perton high school last year. And now he, he told me, he said, dad, when I get out, I want to be able to be one of the best players in the NBA. And I say, you know, I taught him that hard work to where this kid was three years old. I I went to Target and brought the little plastic hoop. He just loved the game. Like, like how Steph Curry loved the game. Wow. Is it a blueprint? Like, do y'all say, look, if you do this, this, and this, yeah. Y'all going, y'all going get the way y'all need to be. Yeah, because think about it. Right? So when you're successful, you could give your kids everything and then they have that entitlement thing.


But you know, with my kids, they know that I, I, I didn't get his kid a car till he got in college. And so now he's on that path to build character. He put God first and, and he just want to, he want to win. He want to be be great. And so I just think y'all, even with Black History Month now, I, I love what you say about the HBCU, but even in hip hop, we don't have that. Like we, we doing the first hip hop black history concert at the NJPAC Center in, in Jersey on February 28th. So you could get your tickets now. Go to Ticketmaster or go to masterpiece concert.com. But this is all about educating our culture, educating our people. And we gonna turn up it. I'm, I'm Drew Hill to be there.


The locks in masterpiece. So this is going to be Aya. It says Camouflage, camouflage. Camouflage. Wear your camouflage. You know what I'm saying? So we won't represent all, We got more with Master P when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club on the Rosa. Filling in for Jess Lauren. I Was at the Hot Boys reunion. Yeah. Lil Wayne. And then you came out on stage and gave Wayne and you told, told him about the, the starter he's gonna get on Canal Street and stuff like that. Yeah. Seeing you come out on the stage knowing y'all history for me, and I'm not even from New Orleans, but I was standing with people that were, and they were like literally in tears just to see you guys on like Emini here. It's been years but seeing accord and like it's just all positivity.


Yeah. When you got the phone call that that reunion was happening, how did you, how did you react to that? And then what was the decision to honor him on that stage? Wayne on the stage, Emini here, he's the greatest rapper alive and he's from New Orleans. So like, people don't realize, like we all live right up the street from each other. So people don't really understand the history of Newark. But you just think, And I think that's where we gotta stop creating these beeps and creating all this negativity. You know why we, I just drove down Fifth Ave and see all these stores y'all have out here, they all selling the same thing. I'm happy for them. Emini here. I'm, I'm honoring baby and slim on Canal Street too. So it's a lot of love in our city. People don't realize that even though y'all don't see us together all the time and we grew up, you know, with different expectations, we still root for each other.


Mm. So we've been rooting for them ever since we started. They probably been rooting for us. Every, every that's just a New Orleans thing. That just how we, that's like when me and my brothers, we'll get into it next week we catch one of y'all and we gonna be fighting together. You know what I'm saying? Like that's just how it is. How was he murdered doing it? You said he could possibly getting out. Is there, is there some light to the case? You know what, Emini here, we just gotta keep praying. He, he been in there a long time and, and hopefully he get his day to, to be able to get back and, and, and get to functioning and doing what he need to do. But we just keep praying as, as, as a family. So that's why I tell people, you know, love your loved ones when they walk out that door. 'cause you never know when they gonna come back. And that we, we, we experiencing this now in real time.


How are y'all? Because I know like a few years back there was like the back and forth with U and see Murder and Monica Murder Charlie. I just told you this, my family, I would go to wall for my brother. I don't even play behind that. We don't even have to get into that. Like we family. You got brothers and sisters if you do. Yeah. You know, all that stuff. You see that don't mean nothing. You know my son, I'm going to wall behind mines. I'm just letting you know. So all that stuff y'all see, don't believe none of that stuff y'all see on the internet. And I, I done changed my life but I will go in that water behind my family as You should. Yeah. I was gonna ask, you know, I hate to use the word regret, but the one thing about your family p is you showed us everything, right? Yeah. Showed us the good, the bad, the ugly. And a lot of times when black families weren't showing the positive side and what you did for your kids, you regretted at all because you show the good but then it also comes with the bad.


Right. You know what, but that's life And we gotta, we just gotta change with the times. Emini here, think about it right now. We everybody afraid of ai. I'm not because you either gonna have to figure out how to work with it. If we're gonna be successful, we building family brands now. And so what, what's good. We don't have to sit back and be afraid to say we're not a perfect family, you know? No, nobody has a perfect family. 'cause y'all all have been through something. That's right. Even everybody here on this show has been through something like, man is y'all serious? But we gotta stop listening to Clickbaits, you know, these headlines and say they're never gonna tell you the truth. Right. My thing is, long as you know the truth and, and you know, and you know, God, you'll be good. 'cause my thing is, And I'm about kingdom building, I'm about doing the right thing And I'm about being a servant for our people and educating our people.


Emini here we losing so many young people. I had Nipsey Hussle in in eighth grade in my program. So my program been around for over 25 years. He was in my program in the eighth grade And I told you guys this, right. He was trying to figure out how to sell records. He, he got up to like 200,000 when he died. All his records went triple platinum. The same songs. It ain't like nobody changed none of this stuff. But I'm just saying we gotta be here for each other while we here. Let's not be great when it's too late. You know? And so we all can create our own products and brands. I tell people now I created Miller Family Foods because when you look at Kellogg's, when you look at Gucci fac and all this, all these are family brands. How come we can't do it? Right.


I was gonna ask you, you feel like a lot of times we hate on each other. And the reason I asked that right, is something happened with your son a couple of a month ago, right? Yeah. All over the blogs. Yeah. Charges were dropped. I seen it on one block. Yeah. You know what Emini here. So does That because the thing about it, right? Does that bother you? 'cause you're like damn the same. How to deal with that Thing that you Gave me before gave It back to me. To be honest with you, I don't worry about that. You let God fight your battles and he say whatever they, they meant for evil, God would turn it into good. Right? But everybody know. Guess what? If that was real, my son wouldn't have been able to keep playing, couldn't be Able to go back to School. He couldn't go back to school. So they, they made a headline, right? So you can't steal something that's out by the trash can for a month and a half in the snow, in the rain.


This was some old things where these kids, they, they pick up, you know, you go to college, they, they, they pick up chairs that be out there by the dumpster. They pick up all this stuff. Yeah. And then they put a price tag on it. Say $1,500 something that was worth a hundred dollars that they given away that they let the kids come take you. Everybody been to college. My son, Everybody but him. He, he has a Gh but my son drive a $200,000 car. He got a multimillion dollar. I'm glad it happened because that let me know that we still live in a broken world. But if it, if it didn't happen with my son being involved, y'all would've never knew then you would've really been looking at these other kids like they did something right. And if that, I'm gonna be honest, if that's the only thing my son ever did, I'll be a happy, proud dad.


Just be honest. That don't even make no sense. But I told my son, I say, you a businessman. What you want to do? He say, we know what dad, they call me Hercules. We about to start making some Hercules refrigerator. That's what, that's What we gonna do. We going, we We about to make some Hercules refrigerators now and then we'll be able to give them to the kids in the HBC. But, but that's what happened. Right? My son is in a school where it's not as many of us there. That's in Utah. Right. And so, but they wasn't after my son. They was after the coach. They have a black coach and 'cause think about it. Imagine all the stuff that happened. I done seen a kid get killed at these schools play basketball, they get in all kind of stuff. The the crazy stuff that I done seen, they don't even report. The coaches will go, man, hold up.


Don't y'all come over here for my school? The campus police should have ran over there and did that. Like, don't you think? And then they ain't, they ain't even mention none of the other people name just mentioned Masterpiece son. Wait, It didn't start with campus police. It went straight to the police outside of the community. Yeah. So that's how we knew which is Unnormal. Yeah. But that's how we knew they was after the coach. Whatever happened with the lawsuit with Walmart over the Snoops street. Man, think about it. Right? Even that Walmart put a big old thing, this supposed to be black history month, they not even worried about diversity no more. It is that easy to back Away from that in general. You know what I'm saying? Nobody's talking about it. Nobody's saying nothing. And it's like, but you know, I'm doing what I gotta do. I'm gonna stand up for my people. Absolutely. Well don't forget p is going be out at February 28th.


That's right. Proceed to support Team Hope. Team hope foundation.org. If you want to go. Camouflage is the attire February 28th, drew Hill, the Locks Master P and Friends is a benefit concert. And that's going down at the njpac. We appreciate you for joining us And you go to Team hope foundation.org to donate if you wanna help with the give back. Absolutely. Yeah. And I want to, I want to give a shout out to our restaurant that's down in California. Fishbone. We the first black-owned franchise Seafood and and what, what what they're doing there. Bringing food out there to the, to the people on the front line. Dope. And, and, and shout out to to Fishbone. We're definitely making a difference. And, and on the front line feeding out people.


Absolutely. Alright, well there you have it. It's Master P it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is sick. Laura Laro is holding it down. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real. Jess Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spell nobody Worldwide. Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to Me.


All right y'all. So on a a recent social media viral moment situation, there is a woman, this woman, her name is Michelle Bishop. And she right now is being accused of being racist because there was a real estate developer. This happened in a very affluent neighborhood in Ohio. Real estate developer named Mike Jenkins, who was pulling up to his house, happened to, to slow down a little bit. That's a black name. Yep. Mike Jenkins. Mike Jenkins Is black. Mike Jenkins pulled up real black, slow down to look at his Christmas lights. It is after the new year and the Christmas lights are still up. I think that that's also really black as well too. So, Hey, watch your mouth. Mine just came down this weekend. Watch your mouth. Okay. All right. And depending how much you put up, you gotta get people to bring them back down.


Okay? Yes. How yours must still be up as well. No, they came and took him down last week. So mine is mine all Down. Well anyway, he pulls up to his home really slow, and as he pulls up to his home, the the woman is outside and she gets Michelle Bishop, she gets nervous, she gets scared and let's take a a listen to their interaction that was caught on his ring, on his camera. Do you live here? Yeah. You do? I don't believe that. What? I don't believe that. Where Boy Corn. It's not funny. He's not funny. It's funny, it's funny. Did someone come here? Oh, My Wife, she got somebody chased her up here and she had the kids Who chased her.


She said somebody so in the truck, a gray truck. And we came around the corner And I, you guys have, I was in the street and so I come up And I tell my kids and so I'm like, gonna pretend that I'm coming home. And so I pull up And I start walking to your back gate and he stops here and he goes, are you looking for someone? And I said, Nope. And then he sat here And I was like, I need to get in. Well that's my husband. That's why he lives here. Yeah, that's why. And then, and then Mike Jenkins walks out of the house outta the front door. Now in the ring camera, you see, who Was that Ardi yelling Help like that. That's the girl. Michelle, Michelle Bishop. That's the white neighbor. Oh. She started yelling. She ran Around to the side of the other gate, their side gate.


And she's yelling like, help, help, help. She just doing what she was taught to do. They told her from day one, look both ways and you cross the street. Don't speak to strangers and yell for help when you see a negro. So all of this is happening and the wife comes outside like, what is going on? Like, why is somebody yelling? So then it's the interaction. Her husband's like, wait, what? Like, it's just a lot of confusion. Especially 'cause now Mike Jenkins walks out the front door of his home that she said he couldn't have lived in. So now she's getting dragged online as She should Getting dragged online and she actually has to come online and apologize. She don't wanna lose her job. Did I overreact? Yeah, maybe a little bit. But I showed up at the door And I said that I was sorry two times.


Yes. The the bar is going as far as saying they're not genuine. Apologies that I'm out to get 'em. I don't know how it could bew twisted that way. When I literally thought he was a white man, I made a public apology to them through the video to a whole Facebook page of almost 500 residents in our neighborhood. I once again came on And I said, if there's ever an opportunity to reconcile, like I will, I'm so sorry I could have ever offended you. And so I've absolutely apologized multiple times. It's not been accepted. Direct messages saying that I'm a racist. Going as far as saying that I was trying to have a black man killed, Duh man, them neighborhoods with Facebook groups as hell.


She thought he was a white man. She said, okay. So in another part of the apology she says that she never thought that he was just this black guy. Like she wasn't scared because it was a black man. She said she couldn't tell who was in the house. Liar. She said, or who was in the car. She said she actually, her and her husband are trying to get the rest of the ring camera where she alleges. She had a conversation with her husband. You should be able to hear it. Where her husband says, are you sure he just doesn't live there because this house is is a black family. And she's like, I can't tell who's in the car. I don't think it is a black man. So she's saying it wasn't about race, she was just scared because she was outside with the two kids and it was dark and she couldn't, and it was awkward. But he didn't Even approach her. She just started yelling after she asked him a Question. Well, he did ask her like, you good? Like you, you know what Emini here Like you all right? And she said that that interaction is what scared her.


What made her run off Some of the Greatest Bang Bro episodes start just like that, by the way, a strange black man just knocking on a white woman's door. He didn't knock On the door. He didn't knock on her. Oh, he not, he was at his own door. She just Seen him and was like, do you live here? Hey, still sound like a great episode of Bang Bro to me. Yo, that could have went somewhere great. So Michael, Mike Jenkins and his wife actually appeared on Shannon Sharp's and Ocho nightcap last night to talk about the silver lining that they found in all of this. I have nothing against their family, but I I grew up dealing with this all the time. We still have to live here. They live two streets over. We have to ride by each other's house. I'm okay with being cordial, have no issue with them. The issue is getting the word out here and letting my situation be inspiring to people in The World.


People that look like me. I'm thankful for God because I didn't ask for her to show up on my porch. This is God telling me the people need to hear your story. You need to inspire and use this so that the next person that comes across a caring situation, they will know how to control their emotions. I'm a real estate developer. I build houses from the ground up. I thought that moving into the most wealthiest neighborhood in Ohio, that this was the right thing to do. But maybe my focus needs to be building communities that's for us and buys. He wanna build another Wakanda so this don't happen again. Oh, being black is an amazing adventure. Okay? It is a constant learning experience.


And it's not about what people say to you, it's about how people respond to you. But you gotta find, you gotta find a happy medium. 'cause when you talk about community, community isn't just, you know, necessarily your, your skin complexion community is like, you know, people that you are are like-minded with. Exactly. You know, you gotta find the right energy because you might build that community and be screaming, help your goddamn self. Wait real quick And other racist news is another video. We had time to put this from other racist news. Love Hip Hop Miami. This was crazy recently happened. See, see, see you don't wanna go to Miami. They said we got rap. Oh my god. All right. Dang Love and hip hop Miami.


All right man. That's just with the mess. Y'all be Hating on the ratchets. The people's choice mix is up next. If you see them in your neighborhood, you not gonna get help. I don't know who's on the cast. I gotta see who's on the cast season. Don't matter it The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren, the Rosa filling in for Jess. Jess is under the weather. Now we got a salute Master P for joining us this morning. Salute the master P man. He's performing at the NJ pac, right? NJ PAC on February 28th. Yes. Okay, the attire is camouflage. Camouflage and the proceeds go to Support Team Hope Foundation.


So go to team hope foundation.org for more information on that. But you can go get your tickets now. Absolutely. And also Salute to Da Vinci for stopping through. He's gonna be the, he's the star of the Lifetime's original movie Mary j Blige, his family Affair. Of course you know him on BMF and he stopped through earlier today too. Salute To the Good Brother Da Vinci. And I wanna say man, I wanna salute to Anita Kopac, man, the good sister Anita ak. If you loved the book Shallow Waters today, she put out book two of the daughter of three Waters trilogy called The Wind on Her Tongue. So this is part two, the Shallow Waters. You know, we released Shallow Waters back in 2021, if I'm not mistaken, via Black Privileged publishing Simon and Schuster.


So book two of the Daughters of Three Waters Trilogy came out today. The Wind on her Tongue. So go pick it up wherever you buy books. All right, well when we come back we got the positive note and more. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is a little under the weather, so Lauren's filling in and yeah, I wanna salute to everybody that was out in Boston this week And I had a great time at the Sneaker Ball Salute to everybody. The weather was crazy getting there. But you know, the funny thing is I would've drove, I would've flew, but I drove because I thought we had work on Monday. Yeah. Oh, what I forgot. I didn't know it was a three day weekend. This is my First job where I, I didn't have to work on MLK day. I was so happy.


I knew we didn't hurt. I could have told you that. And I never knew Nothing. You know what? The baby, oh, Next year that might change. It all depends on if Trump feels sporty with his pin in that exact order. That is, that is facts. Yeah. My, you know the crazy thing is my little one had school, which was great 'cause she was able to go to school And I was able to get a day of just rest. So she was home. I would've been playing makeup, kitchen and dolls all day long. But salute to, yeah, everybody I seen out in Boston. Now Charlamagne, you got a positive note. I do, man, I just, it is just kind of a reminder, man. There's no every, everybody loves you when you let everything slide. But the moment you start setting boundaries and holding people accountable, you become the one that's difficult. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club. Bitches do. I'm finished or y'all done.


Listen to me. This is Charlamagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, all getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blues, sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Tomer Cohen, LinkedIn's Chief Product Officer. If you're just as curious as I am about the way things are built, then tune into my podcast Building one. I speak with some of the best product builders out there. I've always been inspired by frustration. It came back to my own personal pain point. So we had to go out to farmers and convince them. Following that curiosity is a superpower. You have to be obsessed with the human condition. Listen to building one on the iHeartRadio app, apple, or wherever you get your podcasts.