
John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too Much and women have quietly listened And all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your truck. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast network. The iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


Good morning. USA Yo Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess is running a little late. She'll be here in a minute. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? It's Wednesday, middle of the week. Feeling good, Man. I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners Breakfast Club. What's happening Now? You know what I found yesterday that I was very excited about? Let me know if you, if you remember these, you remember these right here, these sneakers right here. Those, the Shacks, the Bu it's the Reebok Pumps, Shaquille O'Neill.


So I was in storage getting, 'cause I got a a a zillion in one sneakers. I was a, a huge sneaker collection collector. And I got rid of a lot of my sneakers, donated a lot of them. And I found these And I was like, I'm not gonna let these go. These are Shaquille O'Neill Shaqs from back in the day Dope pump up. And I, I was so excited. Like I was a brand like a little kid. Like I'm wearing my pumps tomorrow. So Those in the D Browns. The D Browns, yeah. I don't, I couldn't find the D Browns, the D brown pumps Salute to all the sneaker heads out there. All the people that spent way too much money on sneakers and them bright ass colors that you'll never wear again. Yeah. I was one of those. But come morning. Yeah. The reason that you feel good about that is 'cause it probably took you back to a time it did when things were all so simple. That's right. You know what Emini here, you probably remember the first time you were, you remember where you were the first time you even saw those Shaqs Yeah.


Sneakers. Yep. Yep. The first, I think I, the first time I saw, I think he was wearing one of 'em all star games and back then I think the sneakers were only like $69, $75 or something like that. Now sneakers are $250 too expensive. But That's why it's amazing to be uncle. Lemme tell you something. Mm. It it is great to be uncle, auntie 'cause we got memories. Yeah, Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. You don't want to get, you don't want to die young. No. Okay. You want to get older and so you can have that feeling that you had yesterday when you found them shacks. That's right. You know? Absolutely. It's good to be able to, it's good to be able to think back 20 plus years. Yeah. And you know, we, we always talk about anxiety and you shouldn't raise your kids over fear. And we have that conversation. You should. But I confront my daughter's overseas right now And I FaceTime her every damn near 10 minutes to the point where She's like, that ain't, that ain't gonna stop nothing.


She's like, dad, what? I just spoke to you. I'm like, just making sure you good dad, I'm fine. But Yeah. And the reality, the situation is you can call her every 10 minutes and whatever's gonna happen is gonna happen regardless. You Right. You, you doing that to make yourself feel better. I am. And, and and in the process you're disturbing her piece. I'm sure. And interrupting Her trip. I'm sure. So you're being selfish, so Yeah, you need to talk to your therapist a little bit more about that. No, that's an narcissistic traits, sir. Well, I I'll be fine on, on on the weekend when she's back And parental paranoia is a real thing. Yeah. And, and you should feel that that's your, that's that's your heart outside your body. That's right. That's a natural thing. Absolutely. And I'm nervous. She went to the, she went to Amsterdam yesterday and she went to the red light district and she was like, dad, this prostitute's in a window and here's my dumb ass, take me a picture. You should be happy. She ain't one of 'em.


Yeah, that's true Too. See you hard looking at the wrong thing. So, So yesterday Jess is watching me, right? Jess is here. What's up Jess? Good morning Jeff Car. And I'm like, my daughter's like, yo, this prostitute's window up. Like take me a picture. She was like, and she can't take no damn picture. I said, what about a video? No, she can't take no video. And dude was like, ain't no prostitute. You sound like somebody old grandfather. So ain't nobody, ain't no prostitutes in the window. Is there stud prostitutes. What? I didn't ask Why you, why you had To switch the stud? Yeah. Why you saying just walked in? You said that With just that ain't got nothing to do with you. You like he had Soon as just walked in there is this Stud prostitute. I just thought about that. Is there like a stud prostitute? You can pay them. You know what Emini here, they use their vibrate on you for a discount price. Do you want one? I'm pretty Sure. No, I'm just asking. That's something you ain't never seen.


Have you ever seen that A stud prostitute? No. Let's discuss, I want to know, somebody called me and tell me this morning you did Show me something more online And I never seen a stud like that either. Would you Show me? Oh, the Indian stuff. I've never seen an Indian stu a O Shorty. Yeah. I've never seen an Indian stud before. All. Let's get the show cracking. Ashley Allison will be joining us this morning. Yeah, she's a commentator from CNN who used to work in the Obama Biden administration and the Biden Harris campaign. So she'll be up here to update us on some things that's going on in The World. All right, well let's get the show cracking. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news now. Quick sports. Looks like Jake and Logan Paul will be, ma will be fighting each other March 27th.


They should be streaming on Max. They teased it yesterday. Are you guys gonna watch that? Probably. But clearly they can't get nobody else to fight them if they already fighting each other or They just want the big payday. But you know, two brothers really gonna fight each other hard. But that's my point is like they white. Yeah, they're white. They white. Definitely. It feel like it's too early for that. It's like, yo, they feel like Jake Paul can't find nobody to fight Logan. Paul can't find nobody to fight. Right. Well good morning Morgan. Good morning. We'll just fight each other. Yes. Good morning Charlamagne and Jess. How y'all feeling this morning? Good, good girl. Good. All right, let's get into it. So the White House is putting a spotlight on actions taken by President Trump in his first week since taking office press Secretary Caroline Levitt has discussed immigration raids, drones in New Jersey.


The federal aid freeze during her first press briefing, which from the perspective of my colleagues seem to be quite a mess in that room. Levit read out some of the illegal immigrants who have been detained during raids this week. She added Trump will continue to send a loud and clear message when it comes to immigration. Let's hear more from press secretary Caroline Levitt on who highlighted the executive actions taken by Trump in his first week. Since taking the oath of office, president Trump has taken more than 300 executive actions, secured nearly $1 trillion in US investments, deported illegal alien rapists, gang members, and suspected terrorists from our homeland. By using every lever of his federal power, president Trump has sent a loud and clear message to the entire world.


America will no longer tolerate illegal immigration. Immigration and customs enforcement has said the Trump administration's crackdown on illegal, illegal immigrants has resulted in over 3,500 arrests. Now, secretary of Homeland Security, Kristi Noam, joined a raid on Tuesday yesterday where she said Ice of Officers made an arrest in New York. I will talk more about that in the next hour. I'm waiting To see Trump jump out one of them vans. I know it's coming. Oh Lord. The way I, I'm saying the way they putting on the show with this, I know Trump about to jump out one of them vans. So the White House also defended Trump's executive order that aims limit on birthright citizenship. Let's hear those comments from Press Secretary Levitt.


This administration believes that birthright citizenship is unconstitutional and that is why President Trump signed that executive order, illegal immigrants who come to this country and have a child are not subject to the laws of this jurisdiction. We have already appealed the rule, the lawsuit that was filed against this administration. And we are prepared to fight this all the way to the Supreme Court if we have to. So the executive order being that trying Trump SPO Trump sign when he swo was sworn back into the office last week, would limit birthright citizenship to children born to at least one parent who is either a US citizen or a permanent resident. A federal judge temporarily blocked that order after at least five lawsuits have been filed against it.


And of course when the administration was asked about Black History Month, this is what they had to say. Shout out to. Well, well before I get into that, lemme Just say, shout out to April Ryan, who we call the dean. She is the longest running black White House White House correspondent and yeah, she asked the question about Black History Month and here's what press Secretary Levit had to say. As far as I know, this White House certainly still intends to celebrate and we will continue to celebrate American history and the contributions that all Americans, regardless of race, religion, or creed have made to our great country. And America is back. I'm America is Back. I'm glad AB Ryan is still in that room. You know, I saw yesterday how Trump is reinstating 400 media passes and they're providing new credential passes to non-traditional media like podcasts and bloggers.


And I want all media outlets. I think y'all should apply for those press passes to be in that White House press room. I know some of y'all feel like you're protesting are resisting. I don't want anything to do with that administration, but I don't feel like Caroline, what's her name? Caroline Levitt. Yeah. I don't feel like she was getting pressed about nothing yesterday with all the chaos that Trump was doing yesterday. Like think about how they used to give Kareem John Pierre, they, she used to be in there fighting for her life. Right. So somebody should be in there pressing, you know, pressing. Yeah. The New Press secretary Press. The press secretary. Yeah. Yeah. Well when speaking about federal aid freeze Levitt said it's the responsibility of the Trump administration to be stewards of Americans tax dollars. The federal aid freeze has been a huge deal, which again, I'll talk more about in the seven o'clock hour, but she said that the Department of Government Efficiency and the OBM found that there were to be about 50 million taxpayer dollars that went into or went out the door to fund condoms in Gaza, which of course there's been a real back on that to what she called a preposterous waste of taxpayer money.


So that's what the issue, that's where the issue on the pause is focused on being good stewards of tax dollars. And I, I don't know if you guys have seen it online, but the, in Gaza, it seems like they're making balloon condoms or something like that. They're like putting helium in them and making balloon condoms. No. Well People still fornicating don't get it twisted. You know what I'm saying? Like, like, like that ain't, that ain't gonna stop nothing. You know, Emini here, the war ain't gonna stop a little sex. Alright, well that's your front page news for 6:00 AM See you guys around seven where we'll talk more about the federal freeze. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Nicole from Jersey. What's up Nicole from Jersey? Get it off your chest. Yeah, so this federal freeze is stressing me out. If he is, if he's successful, I will lose all three of the jobs that I work. Wow. Are you gonna, I saw them put out the, the, the, the email yesterday saying that they're offering people to pay out to resign federal workers. You saw that?


Yeah. No, no, I'm not, I'm not doing that. I can't, I don think you should. Yeah, I'm so sorry To Affect you. So it's just, I did not vote for this man, and I'm mad at people that did vote for him. Like I have a friend that voted for him And I texted her this morning And I was just like, now what am I supposed to do? What'd she say? She, she didn't say anything. She didn't even text me back yet. Damn. I will say he is ahead. He's a, he's ahead of schedule of ruining the economy like Emini here, you know, we, we, yeah, we know this is what Republican presidents do, but he's ahead of schedule. I didn't think it was gonna be this soon. I gave it 18 months after inauguration. Nah, right away. Eight days. Well, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, what? What's your name? Nicole. I'm sorry. Nicole.


Yeah. Oh, That's okay guys. But thank you guys for what you do. Absolutely. Thank you so much. You Hello? Who's this? It's Armand. Armand. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Yeah, I wanted to talk about the immigration. Yes sir. My sister-in-law, she is, she used to be a labor and delivery nurse and there's a lot more Asian people coming to the country leaving their babies here and nobody's talking about that. Nah, people talking About, they're talking about the Southern borner. Yeah, the Asian immigrants, the Indian immigrants, the African immigrants. Because you know the immigrants in Asia, they can only have like one daughter. So they leave one of their kids here and take the other, That's all you wanted to Just say?


No, it's like, It's, it's, yeah. Yeah. That's all I wanted to say. It's a lot more than just the southern border. Oh, gotcha. You gotcha. You gotcha. You. Thank you sir. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's up bro? Get it off your chest. What up? What's up? Went to the shoulder man. Right here, my brother. What's happening? Hey my, My brother. Good morning. Good morning everybody but my brother. Hey, stop eating on the air man. What I eat? Oh Man, I don't know what you ate. You was doing it this morning. Do it by eight morning man. You, I know you gotta eat breakfast and all that but it's enough segments with grape. You can drink or do whatever you do, but you be eating, chopping on something every morning. That Was a hard boiled egg man. Hey, whatever it is, man. Do it after commercial break man. I don't wanna hear that. Yes sir. Thank you.


I got, I got you sir. Thank you brother. You know the listening experience is very important. Yes, you're Right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? What's going on? It is Rambo. Rambo. What's up? Get it off your chest. Rambo. Just calling out this the little nonsense political guy I was talking about this morning, man. Emini here. I'm not into the whole politicals thing, but listening to this morning And I was so glad that you guys just blew up a spot where you just like, listen, when you get off this bunk train, you could let us know exactly why you got kicked out or why you left.


Oh, you talking about you sound excuse this all that nonsense you talking about V Grandma Swami? Yeah. Oh, come on man. He sounded cool dude. But bro, you just Emini here again. I'm not into that, but you just kept in and slip, slipping and sliding all the questions like most of them do and it's crazy. And y'all hit it right on the nose even. I'm so sorry. Just a mess. When she came out and said something else And I was like, bro, they really need to just get off the shit. But again, it all come out soon And I glad y'all just wanted surface. Let him go, let him go. Alright brother. You right my brother. Have A good one, man. All right. Pissed off. Hello, who's this? This is Katie. Katie, good morning. Get it off your chest.


Good morning. I'm an Uber driver And I just wanted to talk about the state of this federal freeze. It has a lot of people really upset, it has a lot of people worried, but I just wanted to remind people that as long as you are following what God say, you don't have to worry about anything. I just wanted to point out that because it feels like everybody is so engulfed and distracted by what's going on around The World that they're forgetting that God always gives us an exit. So you just gotta be paying attention so you know when your exit is coming so you know what to do and how to move. Just stay, stay, stay down with God and he got you, queen. You absolute, You know, these things are happening. You are absolutely right.


I I, one of my homeboys texted me yesterday and he was talking about this federal freeze And I said, man, it's all part of the plan. And he texted me back, he said, it ain't no plan. I said, man, I'm talking about God, divine plane. Yes. Because While this is happening, people like Philip Anthony Mitchell, who is deep with God, is raising 200 and 300 and $400,000 for churches. They're moving the hearts of men who weren't signing contracts so that there was a place for people to worship and then they signed the contract. So anything is possible when you have God please, y'all. That's right. Single mothers. I see you out there trying and pushing. Don't forget to feed that word to your children so they don't have the fear that the rest of The World is having right now.


That's right. And I, And I also want to tell our listeners, I don't know if y'all know, but a federal judge temper temporarily blocked the effort by the Trump administration to pause the federal payments for grants and other programs. So, you know, as as, as far as right now, federal agency, states and other organizations that receive money from the federal government will continue to receive funds as, as of right now. That's right. Hello, who's this? Yo, good morning. DJ Envy. Solem. Manne, the God. What's that? The beautiful Jeff. What's Up? What's up baby boy? Peace King. Hey, I just had to give a big congratulations to Taylor. Made it. Oh my god, I can't believe it. Like this is amazing.


What can't you believe, sir? We haven't said anything about it here on The Breakfast Club. Oh God, I'm so sorry. Emini here. It don't matter. It's out there. Said, Said out There now. Okay, well then I'm gonna just drop the Congratulations. Big prayers, big ups to you, to your family. You know, I've been watching y'all for years, you know, supported the whole team, you know, just, just, just a grateful occasion. Well, For people listening out there, Taylor, you know, she, she's one of our producers. She's more than a producer. She does all the imaging on The Breakfast Club, allegedly. No, it's Not allegedly, allegedly. Congratulations to Taylor. Allegedly Taylor. Eh? Okay. If y'all say so Look at is expecting a baby. She's pregnant. So congratulations to our very own tail.


It's not allegedly congratulations. You can't say allegedly she she's pregnant. Why do you still don't believe it? Like, because I was doing this math in my head right? Five months ago. Yeah. Hate her. How old? I think Taylor about five. Taylor you Five months, four months. Four months. Yeah. I know. I gave Taylor drugs in the last four months. That Doesn't mean anything. And she gave them to me. That is true. And now that I think about it's that, that I, when I think about it, I, I gave it to her and then she said, well I didn't smoke it. I gave it to somebody else. She never ever did it. Yeah, but she don't know if you know when she got pregnant. Well, You stupid. No, she didn't mean to have somebody that, for somebody to have kids. Boy you dumb. No, because You don't know when you're pregnant until 30 days later. A lot of times. And sometimes you six days later and you let that white man be so happy for her and you kept saying, I don't believe it. I believe it. I don't believe it. And the white man was like, oh my God.


Yeah, Taylor can't believe it. And you was like, I can't believe it. Like I'm, I'm like, damn, I still don't believe it because they, the reveal was with Andrews show. So Andrew Schultz gave a hug. He was so happy for, he almost made me cry. He was so happy. What? Sitting in the, in the chair talking. I don't, I don't believe her daddy, Her daddy don't really believe it either. Daddy was like, so she says, And I agree with Papa Hayes Who was the clown. Congratulations Taylor allegedly you not gonna get no more pies from my mama. I Gave her, I gave her a card though. I gave her a nice card that had Rihanna on the front. Rihanna was pregnant and it said, I'm Riri happy for you. And it looked like one of his daughters wrote it. I was like, why are you writing on there? Jesus, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess coming up.


Yes. They said record make going to prison. Oh my God. No. Yes. Wait, concern over. I don't want him to go, but oh my God. God no. All right, we'll get to that when we come back is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with The Mess News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't scare nobody Worldwide. Just worldwide measurement on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see Something.


The New year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night Football and Prime Video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime visit amazon.com/prime.


Now the Forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear From Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections. Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


Welcome. My name is Ola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. Join me on the Ghost Therapy podcast. Whoa, my lights in my living room just flickered. I'm a little nervous. I'm excited, I'm excited. Nervous. You know, I'm a very spiritual person, so I'm like, I'm ready and open. That was amazing. I feel so grateful right now. I got to speak to my great-grandmother Aela and she gave me a lot of really good advice and I'm gonna have to really think about, Wow. Okay. That's crazy. Yes, that is accurate. Listen to the Ghost Therapy podcast as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levit and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I love storytelling And I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


And understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. So Lauren Is ASAP going to jail. I don't know this testimony that just happened yesterday might be a part of the reason that he does if he does. So yesterday Asat Rocky was back in court again. But ASAP Bre, who is the person that said that Asat Rocky shot him, took the stand and he had a lot, lot to say. Let's take a listen. If someone said that the defendant was known to carry a crop gun or fake guns, would that have been knowledge that you personally had? No, not I He don't carry fake guns. No. Did you ever know him to have any gun?


Not to my knowledge. I never physically seen any guns on Rocky. Okay. What was the first thing that you saw him do with the gun? Oh, he pointed at me and then that's when Elijah was like in between and he's like, I'll kill you right now. Like, and then I'm right behind Elijah and I'm saying if you brought a gun, use it then. Like you brought a gun for And from what you're describing, was it moving? Yeah, it was moving. He had it up. Okay, so he didn't just hold it at your stomach, it was kind of No, no, he was, he was looking for a spot to shoot. I need all of you who take the stand to up your performance. You know what I'm saying? YSL Woody set the bar high. If I was his lawyer, I would've yelled, cut, cut.


I need more. I need more. A really more, nah, It was 'cause it was very like, yeah because he had pointed the gun at me And I was like, then you better shoot it. And the attorney actually doubled back and was like, whoa, can you make it make sense of why you would tell him to shoot you? You weren't like basically like to scare it. Right. Hold on. So let's take a listen to that, that audio As he was pointing it at you, what did he say? I'll kill you right now. So what did you say back to I told him to use it. Why did you? Because mentally like I couldn't believe he just pulled the gun out me. So I'm like, you better use that. You got a gun for, so if a stranger had pulled a gun on you the same way that he did, how do you think he would facing Oh, I wish I would run.


Do you think he'd respond the same way and instead shoot me No stranger. No, But my homeboy, yes, please shoot me. But that's what, Because He didn't, he didn't think his boy would shoot him. That's why. Yeah. But It's like, On the stand, it just sounds crazy. It exactly like, come on, what we talking About? Because if I'm, if I'm Rocky's attorney, I'm like, wait, so this man had a real gun with real bullets pointed to you going from your head to your chest and you talking about if you got the gun you might as well pull it. You weren't scared, so, so this probably was a fake gun. That's not true. That can be a leaning into, that can be a response to shock. That can be a, that can be a shock response, a trauma response. And not only that, he might have watched too many movies. Nah, that yes. Not only that. That's that's his, that's his, well he thought it was his friend. They grew up since teenagers. Yeah. So it's like, if, if, if a friend of mine pulls out a gun and they mad, I'm like, you ain't shooting me.


What you gonna do with that gun? I seen people do Perfect strangers. What you gonna do with that when they pull out the gun? A hundred percent. What you plan to do with that. Yeah, but that also shows me too, like for me when I, when I hear somebody, 'cause I know people who've been in that situation, it's like okay, you pull that out, you better shoot it. But that means if you better, if he doesn't shoot it, there's retaliation of some sort. Normally that's what that means, right? Yeah, of course. I know a rapper that shall remain nameless. That's his story to tell. But he got a gun put on him and he said, you look a little nervous with that thing there. You look a little nervous with that thing. Wow. I don think, I don't think you ready to use that. I would've put it right back in my Pocket. Who was the rapper? Y'all Already told the story. Story. I think we Might have told that story, but Vy you tell story too. Is it? I'm Not, so is Rihanna going to court? So Rihanna is expected to go to court. Rihanna's actually expected to show up today, Wednesday the 29th.


And that's gonna be a whole thing because first of all, Rihanna is Rihanna. Right. But also too, you know, we've been talking about this about how they've been Questioning. But court is court though. Yeah. Even though Rihanna is Rihanna, But still, when Rihanna jail Walked in The courtroom, the jury is like wowed in my opinion. And they've been asking the jurors like, if Rihanna were to come in here for the people who didn't know her music or said they knew her, how would y'all be able to still do you do your job? And I don't think nobody's gonna like jump up and fan out or anything like that. But her presence in the courtroom will be a thing. And that's supposed to happen today. And I think a lot of people have been wondering when she's gonna make her grand entrance because Her grand entrance is crazy. Her husband is crazy. He may be going to jail. That's right. Yeah. But I, I bet you before, I bet you if Rihanna show up today, all the headlines are gonna be about Rihanna being there.


What she's wearing Grand Entrance. She can't get around it. Last question. Know why? Oh, Go dore get shot. Did he get hurt? Did he get injured? Did he get damaged? Did he have to go to the hospital? The gun? So from what he's saying that it, he got grazed and there was, there was like photos of like the injuries of the Grazing. Oh really? Really don't like Rocky. 'cause he going all the way and he wants to locked up for a long time. Well there were text messages, There were text messages that came out and in those text and that was over when we were on off for the weekend or whatever. But in those text messages, his whole thing is like, yo, you tried to, he said to Rocky, you tried to take me away from my daughter. So he, you know, I think his thing is, is like regardless of, I could have not been grazed and he said if their other friend wasn't there, he don't know what would've happened. Right. Because you shoot, you shoot a gun allegedly.


You don't know if it's gonna graze. A person gonna shoot a person to the point where it's critical. You don't know that. And I here And why would Rocky not take the deal knowing he's on camera allegedly shooting a gun and the victim took the stand saying he shot the gun. Like if I'm Rocky, I'm calling my lawyer ASAP to see if that deal is still on the, lemme Get that deal back. Bring that Deal back. That's a big point. Only because, so they don't have him on the, the video shooting it, but you hear the gunshots and because re is on stand on the stand saying Rocky is the one who had the gun. His team, Rocky's team is saying he had a gun, but it wasn't real. But you hear shots. So something was fired. Oh, I thought he was on video with the gun. I don't know. He's On video with a gun. But they can't, they're, they're trying to argue the gun isn't a real gun. You get what I'm, but it's like still shots of some sorts.


Were were fired Bet charges there. I bet you, I bet you Rocky Elli wasn't gonna get on the stand and tell on him. I think so too. That's What I, I'm assuming they grew up with each Other. But, and that's, I think a lot of people leaned into the coverage of this because it actually happened. Now moving on, somebody else who's like stirring up some stuff right now. I don't even think it was on purpose though. Anthony Mackey, captain America, he had some comments when he was out. It Wasn't even as serious. You think so? No. Well, let's take a listen to Anthony Mackey because people, people are taking it very serious. For me, captain America represents a lot of different things And I don't think the term America should be one of those representations. It's about a man who keeps his word, who has honor, dignity, and integrity.


Someone who is trustworthy and dependable. This is kind of like a, an aspect of a dream coming true. Yeah. Which is like a, like the American dream. Like nah, but that's not like in real life for real. Captain America does not represent America. Like that's just who he is to the other people in the league or whatever. Like he's, he's there, he's a man of his word. Like you know what I'm saying? He's loyal all that. But nah, I don ain't America. No. Well you're a big fan. Yeah. I didn't understand what Anthony Mackey was trying to say at first, but his statement after that made a lot of sense to me. 'cause to Justin's point, he was just pointing out universal characteristics that people all over The World can relate to.


And he wants people all over The World to embrace the Captain America character. A KAI need the worldwide global box office to be big, not just domestic period. Well, I think, okay, so, so to, so Anthony Mackey after this video and more recently had to come out and then re-clarify what he meant because people were upset. He said, let me be clear about this. I'm a proud American and taken on the shield of a hero like Cap is an honor. I have the utmost respect for those who served and have served our country. Cap is a universal characteristic, has universal characteristics that all people all over The World can relate to. But I feel like people were upset because basically for me, I, I think that in my opinion Anthony Mackey was saying that America doesn't represent those good morals and that good integrity that he's leaning into Captain America having Right now.


Yeah. No, not all the time. Absolutely. But People don't wanna hear that about their America Black being shut up Question. Just question. I know. You watch it, you're into it. Mm, I don't watch it. I just see commercials. I thought Captain America was white. Yeah, it was Chris Evans. Me too. At first he was his man. Anthony Mackey was how he turned his man because Captain America got tired and was like, yo, you can take this on. That's in the movie. In the comic books? No, in the comic books. There's Steve Rogers who's white and there's Sam Wilson who's black. Sam Wilson used to be Falcon and then he becomes Captain America. Oh Yeah. So that's what it was. Bucky Barnes. Yeah. He was like, Hey yo, I'm tired. I Just say That's another black captain American Bradley, Anybody in the, and this franchise needs to understand itself.


Especially if you black, you gotta watch what you say and if people ain't gonna like that, but that's the truth. Yeah. I I think he was just trying to sell it at the worldwide global box office. That's what I think. That's just my personal opinion. Okay. I really think so. Okay. I think he was trying to say like, look a Captain America can relate to people all over The World 'cause Marvel's not doing well. Okay. So need Sure. America over there. And that's the point For real. Marvel's not doing well. They need this, they need this to be a hit at The World Wide box office. Okay. Alright. Well that was just with the mess. Now when we come back we got front page news and then we reported a story yesterday, yesterday about Big Dan from Detroit. She got denied access to a Lyft. Right. She was trying to get somewhere around Detroit and the Lyft driver said, no, you're too big for this car.


We are gonna take your phone calls. And you do not say that. Yes he did. He said, bring, he said, I need two cars. Order another car right now. Big dank. Gonna get You Two cars. One person is crazy. It Is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Charlamagne. Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Envy, Charlemagne and Jess. Y'all good? Good to see you Please. More. Good, good, good, good, Good. All right, so let's get into it. We were talking about it a little bit earlier about this federal freeze on aid. So a judge is temporarily halting President Trump's plan to freeze federal aid.


Yesterday a federal judge granted an administrative stay pausing Trump's plans to, at at least through Monday, the freeze was set to take effect on Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern and was ordered on domestic and foreign federal aid with social security and Medicare not affected. Now Democrats push back with Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer saying Donald Trump's administration blatantly disobeys the law by holding up virtually all vital funds that support programs in every community across the country. He lists those programs. Let's hear more from Chuck Schumer. The Trump administration announced a halt to virtually all federal funds across the country. In an instant, Donald Trump has shut off billions, perhaps trillions of dollars that directly support states, cities, towns, schools, hospitals, small businesses, and most of all American families funds for things like disaster assistance, local law enforcement, rural hospitals, aid to the elderly, food for people in need.


All are on the chopping block. What y'all gonna do about it, Chuck? That's that's what I be wanting to know. Don't go up there and just tell me all the problems. What are some of the solutions, what are the guardrails that y'all gonna put in place that, you know, slow this down Chuck. So as the press Secretary said yesterday, she defended the freeze saying it's the responsibility of the Trump administration to be stewards of American tax dollars. And saying that the freeze would not impact social security. As I mentioned before, Medicare and direct payments to individuals such as food stamps. So food stamps still remain. The Trump administration is planning to offer buyouts to federal workers who don't want to return to the office after he's ordered workers to return to the office five days.


Now this deferred resignation would include a severance package of roughly eight months. Pay and benefits. The administration says it expects five to 10% of its federal workforce to quit. A senior administration official says that could lead to roughly $1 billion in savings. The buyout offer is set to go through a new system that allows officials the ability to email all federal employees at once. And the resignation period opened on Tuesday and runs through February 6th. So they're giving you some time to decide. I doubt the payout is something that you can live on for the rest of your life. Even for even for a, a, a a long time. A a short term. So it's like why, why resign? And if the email that I read is correct, they're basically asking you to, to kind of like pick a side basically.


Like, if you don't like us, if you don't like the Trump administration and what we're doing, then quit. Yeah. Basically that's, that's that's what it sounds like. But I've quit. No. Nope. Stay at work y'all. Alright, so switching gears or you know, looking at the other perspective of this fears of I immigration rates coming to Cincinnati public schools is blamed for plummeting attendance. Now, AADE Cruz and Kendra Adamson, they teach at Aiken High School, which is in Ohio. Cincinnati teachers are calling on the board to express support for undocumented children because they're not coming to school because they are afraid of these ice rates. Let's hear more from them. Since the current president was inaugurated, about 50% of my students have stopped attending on a daily basis.


Families and parents are writing me saying they don't want to send their children to school. I have seen a sharp decline in the attendance from my students who are usually so eager to learn in multiple classes. I am missing half of my students, many of whom, who have said specifically that they're scared to come to school because of the potential of those raids. That's real. I saw a teacher say that one of one of his Mexican students said, I'll see you tomorrow. And the teacher replied back to the student, maybe, I hope so. Damn it man. That's real. Oh wow. So they called to expand remote learning for those who aren't in the building or those who don't want to show up. Of course President Trump has reportedly ordered all ice field offices to make at least 75 arrests per day of illegal immigrants who have committed violent crimes.


But ice agents say they, those who aren't the only, those aren't the only people who could be taken into custody and deported just the criminals. You know, they're, they're rounding up, they're rounding up anybody who is in the country illegally. At first we were thinking it was just gonna be those who were committing crimes. But no, it's just, if you are in here and your stat or if you are in the country and your status is not up to par or you're not in good standing, then you are eligible for deportation or eligible for at least under this Trump administration. So, but it But isn't being in the country illegally a crime That's a crime under federal law. Yeah. So, so yeah. So they're rounding up people who are committing crimes and they're rounding up people who are here illegally. 'cause that too is a crime.


That is a crime. True. Alright, so just really quickly wrapping up, putting a bow on this thing, Google says it will change the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America in Google Maps. The company made the announcement on Monday saying it's just waiting on the info to be updated in the US geographic names system. After President Trump changed the name last week, the company will also change Mount Denali in Alaska to Mount McKinley per the president's order. Former President Obama changed the name of the North Amer of North America's highest peak in 2015. Users in other countries will see both names on the map. So they will see Mount Denali and Mount McKinley and they will see the Gulf of Mexico and the Gulf of America.


If looking at the map from outside of the United States, If we ever get another president in my lifetime, I am gonna demand so much from them. Goddamn damn presidents. Oh my God, I don't want to hear any excuses anymore. This man, Donald Trump has showed us what a president can do when they simply just want to do it. Okay? And, and, and John Stewart said something on daily show this week That's real. He was just like, Democrats get it together. So that same power that Trump has, we can give it to you, but you gotta actually do something with it. I'm demanding if, if we ever get another president in my lifetime, I'm demanding so much from them, them damn president. Because this man is, this is unbelievable. He does what he wants. This is unbelievable. He does What he he said what he said he was gonna do, He would be on Mount Rushmore before it's all over.


He Gonna put himself, He gonna put himself on mount, right? I think so. Fact. He might just get his own. Okay. What? Hold on now they, they, they already started posting. Let's get carving Tampa Bay area. Congresswoman Anna Paulina Luna announced that she's officially introducing legislation to add President Trump to route Mount Rushmore. See she says his remarkable accomplishments for our country and the success he will continue to deliver deserves the highest recognition and honor on this iconic national monument. Don't ever tell me what you can't do anymore than an elected official. Okay, I don't wanna hear what president tell me what they can't do at all ever again. They're gonna make it orange color and everything boys.


Oh Lord. Wow. All right, well thank you Morgan. Alright, thank you guys. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Have a good one. All Right, when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We did this story yesterday in jest with the mess. We were talking about this young lady who Lyft refused to take her because the Lyft driver said she was overweight. Do we have the audio? What you saying? Yeah. I car is small. So you telling me I can't get in a lift because I can't fit in your car? Yeah. You Car. What make you think I can't fit in the car?


'cause the car is small in the Back. My best friend has a Benz that's newer than this that I can fit in. That's the same time, sir, you really telling me I'm too big to get in your car so I gotta order another Lyft And I To be more more specific with you, I got very tired. Tired. Salute to the Lyft driver Man. The Lyft driver said I got tired. Tired. What is a tired, tired. Y'all hate honest people man. Salute to that man. Right. Okay. And you said the Lyft driver said she was overweight. Like he made that up or something. Okay. All right. And he, he ain't say she was overweight. She is overweight and he was just stating obvious. Well let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Let's go to Breakfast Club Court was the Lyft driver, right?


Or the young lady who's a rapper from Detroit. Her name is Dan, right? Big Dan. Her name better be Big Dan. Okay. What the hell are your damn? Ain't gonna be little Dan. It ain't gonna be Baby Dan. Right? Okay. Need to be heavy Dan. Heavy D Jesus. Correct. Yeah. Her name is Big Dank. She from Detroit. He's from Detroit. Detroit. About to be heavy on the phone line this morning. 805. Ain't 5 1 0 5 1. Let's go to Breakfast Club Court. What's the Lyft driver? Right? Who said his tires were tired or big day? Who says, I Don't think this's a right or wrong situation, but we'll discuss It. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ Envy. Just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club right now. We in Breakfast Club Court. Now this conversation comes from just, just with the mess Yesterday it's about a rapper, big Dan, who was a female rapper from Detroit. She ordered a lift and the lift said she was too big. Let's listen What y'all saying? Yeah, I got more space. My car is small. I can fit in this car, But believe me you can. Yes, I can Believe me. So I'm sorry. Which What I'm gonna do about my money. Well, I'm gonna cancel you. You're not gonna be charged. So you telling me I can't get in the Lyft because I can't fit in your car? Yeah, You need to order bigger. What make you think I can't fit in the car? Because The crime


Piece of the planet Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real. That's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's streaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Ma who writes our Business Week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General Manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm a j Stevens Vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, along with my cohost Brian Murphy, athletes' first, CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent Shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott to a Tonga, Viola, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the first time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their clients signing on the dotted line. Listen to The Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a Medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy Podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. Join me on the Ghost Therapy podcast. Whoa. My lights in my living room just flickered. I'm a little nervous. I'm excited, I'm excited. Nervous. You know, I'm a very spiritual person, so I'm like, I'm ready and open. That was amazing. I feel so grateful right now. I got to speak to my great-grandmother Aela and she gave me a lot of really good advice that I'm gonna have to really think about. Wow. Okay. That's crazy. Yes, that is accurate. Listen to the Ghost Therapy podcast as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My best friend has a biz that's newer than this that I can figure that's the same time. So are you really? Av I'm too big to get in your car. So I gotta order another Lyft And I to be more and more specific with you. I got very tired. Tired. Well she responded to the Lyft driver with this. First of all, let's touch bases on a big in the bag that got something to say about me. I'm seen a say go walk as you cool. Like you only like one burger away from being my size. Like y'all Me. Stop pointing yourself a bbw. 'cause you not other BBWs don't put other BBWs down. I never contacted Lyft. Then y'all talking about, oh, she posted a video for cloud da da da. I am The clock. I've been doing it a long time.


I posted this video because y'all got us up. Y'all always trying to put big people in a category. Y'all want us to be in a house miserable, bored. I'm a big person advocate and I'm not the only person that they did that. I'm just the only person that's gonna stand up. Why? That say are you Upsized or so that we can send you a bigger car? So that's humiliating. No, it's not humiliating. It's real life. What you made the video is humiliating. Well, they don't have a, a big section in the app. Right. But they have Uber, Excel or you know the, the Uber, the sounds so crazy. The bigger, the bigger cars that you could ride it. Yeah. Xo. Right? I'm a notorious fat shamer.


We don't, okay. Some will even call me a bigot to big bes. So I haven't put my prejudice aside to answer this question, but I have to side with the Lyft driver. I respect him for being honest And I think big D's feelings are hurt. That's why she's making such a big deal about this. Because the reality is when you are a certain size, The World is not designed for you. And I don't care if it's a plane, a ride share service, a ride at Universal Studios, they're going to tell you that you're too big for said ride if you are too big for said ride. I don't see the problem here. Jess. Who you saddle with? I, I'm sorry. I'm with do Uber Drive. I studied yesterday. Look, I she did, she made more attention come to her And I think she mad 'cause people coming at her. I don't even think she mad about like that happened to her before.


Right. Somebody done pulled up and pulled off before like, you know what I'm saying? That's not the first time it's happened. You made it big and you didn't like the feedback that you got from it. So that's what happened. She's mad at that and now it's a, I gotta stand up. Right? All big people and y'all put us in a category y'all too big for all y'all to fit in one category anyway. And we do put them in the category and guess what that category is? No what? XXXL. That's why they Have categories. They're not three Xes. Y'all come on now. It ain't no, but that's what buses are for. I feel like. My goodness. You know Jesus Christ. No, it's no XXX out truck. That's where the bus is coming now. You want to call the ambulance to pick her up? Come on now. Acting. Acting like there's not things for big people. Wayne Bryant exists.


Well see. Well the prob the problem is Jesus Christ. I hate the problem is, the problem is not the Lyft driver. Right. 'cause I'm not mad at that. I'm mad that she picked the wrong car. Yeah. Like you cannot like I'm a family of, of six or eight when I go out with my whole family and show. Is she, I can't get the small Hyundai. I gotta get the big xl. I gotta know what I'm driving it. And she should have ordered the bigger car. Yeah. Like what's the point of having sizes? They got size sixteens for a reason. You can go to Sheen right now. The largest clothing size they got is five xl. Some people get mad at that because they are bigger than that. How you know that? Yeah. Yeah. Because I Googled it and researched it for this top. Okay. Alright. I'm not trying to sit here. I'm not trying to shame big people.


I'm not trying to do that. I'm just simply telling you that there are sizes and categories for a reason. Yeah. And there's nowhere that this young lady is gonna go or anybody her size where somebody is not gonna tell her, ma'am, you too big for this ride. She Know it. She said she been doing this for a long time. And I believe that's what she meant. Being big Jesus like That. All right. She has a wide range of siding. Yes they do. Okay. Yes they do. Heavy emphasis on why. Oh Right. Let's go to the phone lines. A lot of people on the line. We have Drew on the line now. Drew, it says that you are a chubby girl yourself and you side with the Uber driver. Yes. I'm sorry. Like I just don't want and 'cause I got a little Hyundai And I just don't want my car to get tore up because I have somebody who's 400, 500 pounds in my car.


What do you drive on a regular basis? I'm In my little Hyundai right now. God damn. You know you need a SUV. How much do you weigh? I'm like, like around two 30. Boy, that poor Hyundai. Oh man. That Hair Not Hyundai. Cool. Hey yo. It's hers though. It's used to. That's right. She said a Hyundai clean Two 30. Ain't that big though. How tall are you? I'm About like five three. Damn. Oh yeah, yeah. So look, right. So five three and two 30 plus Big Dan. Nah, nobody doing that in the little, Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm not going do it. You an offensive lineman in the seventh grade from Texas. You 5 3, 2 30. Bye Drew. Jesus. It's a good prospect. All right, we going to league.


We Have Courtney on the line. Courtney, good morning. Good morning. Now Courtney, who, who, who are you fear? Who are you siding with? Are you siding with the Uber driver or Big Dan who was just trying to get around the truck? It's A Lyft driver. Stop putting Oh, the Lyft driver. I'm sorry. Smart on Uber name. I'm Sorry. As a Lyft driver myself, I'm siding with the Lyft driver all the way. My car, my rules, there's a weight restriction on a lot of things. Even when you riding on the airplane, they make you pay for two seats if you above a certain weight. That's right. Mm, that's Right. That man don't want to have issues with his car. And I don't blame him. I'm the same way. If you don't like my rules, then don't ride in my car. I don't care what lift, say Lyft don't pay for this car.


But lift, there's no lift rules about passenger weight. There's about luggage weight, but not about passenger weight. You are absolutely correct, but again, you can refuse a service. And I, what I don't understand about the driver is he could have canceled the ride simply. He didn't even have to have an interaction with her when he pulled up and he realized she was bigger than what he wanted to ride in his car, he could have could canceled and drove Off driving. Can't drive. Lemme ask you a question too. As a Lyft driver, aren't you responsible for what you put in your car? Meaning like if you put something in your car that you know could potentially cause some harm or cause the car to, I don't know, burn wreck or something? Burn, yeah. Aren't you aren't, you don't, don't you have the right to say no for the safety?


I Feel like you have the right to say no Emini here. Safety wise, definitely there is a responsibility that lies with a passenger. You know, if they spill something or make a mess in your car, you can do a report if you take pictures. But I would, but like I said, it's my car and it's my rules. If I feel uncomfortable with a situation and when I roll up, if I don't like something about it, I'm going to hit cancel and drive off. What can you do? That's it. Alright, well thank you mama. We got Joe on the line. Joe, good morning. Hey, how's it going? Hey Joe. Now if you're just joining us, we're asking do you side with the Lyft driver or Big Dan, the young lady that she couldn't get in the Lyft driver? Well, Lyft wouldn't take her. I have to, I have to side with the Lyft driver because she knows better man.


She, they know better. I used to drive Lyft 10 years ago and I'll tell you something, one guy, he had to be at least about four or 500 pounds. He was hiding behind the building. So as I pulled up, so as I pulled up he, he come from around the building and you know I almost took him And I said nah. I said I'm not gonna do it. I canceled the ride, pulled off And I almost turned around and went. Told him, nah, you know damn well you too big be trying to get in this small ass car. If I was Lyft, I put a new category on called Forklift. And that's for people who weigh a certain size. Right. But forget all that Uber out the forklift. Hello? Who's this? This Portia. Hey Portia. Good morning. We are in Breakfast Club court right now.


You siding with the Lyft driver or the young lady? Big dink. I'm siding with the Lyft driver all the way. Yeah. Big Dink is out of her mind. Yeah, She knew though. She knew Big Dink D diet. I watched this hundred pounds. Them people be in the trunk. She thought she was gonna ride and wear. That's right. She probably couldn't even fit in the subway. Big dink gotta rethink that because I saw a video when she was on stage and the knees collapsed. That's how, that's how she was gonna do my man's chop. She grown for that. Oh on. You said the stage collapsed. You saw her on stage and the stage collapsed. No, She collapsed on stage. Yo Damn. I was like what? You Know she had bad knees. She had bad knees, she didn't have no knees and she thought she was doing the thing. Yeah. And she passed on stage and that's how she was gonna do my man car.


Everybody want a payday and it ain't, it ain't what up. And by the way, an airline gonna tell her the same damn thing. Yeah. Remember they told Sheila that and why did I get married? That's What I'm saying. The airline, the airline gonna see her coming and be like, baby you need to be flying cargo. I'm Gonna Just say yes Me under Jesus Christ 800 with the big suitcases. Bobby 5 1 0 5 1. We're in Breakfast Club Court right now. Are you signing with the Lyft driver or Big Dan? Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the ej nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking.


We're in Breakfast Club Court right now. Now if you haven't heard Big Dank is a rapper, female rapper outta Detroit. She called the Uber and the Uber turned it down, said she was too big. Let's listen What y'all saying? Yeah, I got no space Mom, my car is small. I can fit in this car But believe me You can. Yes I can Believe me. So I'm sorry which What I'm gonna do about my money. Well I'm gonna cancel you. You're not gonna be charged. So you telling me I can't get in the Lyft because I can't fit in your car? Yeah, You need to order a bigger car. What make you think I can't fit in the car? Because The car holding in The back. My best friend has a Benz that's newer than this that I can fit in. That's the same time.


So you really telling me I'm too good to get in your car so I gotta order another lift. And I To be more more specific with you, I got very tired. Tired. Well then Big Dan responded with this. First Of all, let's touch bases on the big S in the back that got something to say about me. I'm seen a say go walk is you cold. Like you only like one burger away from being my size. Like y'all S got me up. Stop pulling yourself with BBW. 'cause you not other BBWs don't put other BBWs down. I never contacted Lyft. Then y'all talking about oh she posted a video for cloud da da da. I'm the clout. I've been doing it a long time. I posted this video because y'all got us up.


Y'all always trying to put big people in a category. Y'all want us to be in a house miserable, bored. I'm a big person advocate and I'm not the only person that they did that to. I'm just the only person that's gonna stand up. Why the y'all don't have an option on the app that say are you upsized or so that we can send you a bigger card. So that's humiliating. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? And as we say this, I see Big Mac. It's middle midsize Mac. Yeah. He used to be Big Mac Big no More. I'm still big. You are still big. You look so sad now that you like just large But you are losing a lot of weight.


Congratulations. Yeah, I love it. Cocaine. That helps. I don't people Do what you gotta do. I'm not judging who you side with Max. Seriously, I'm super side. What? Who's that? You said what side? Yes. Not super sides. We asking side between sides. Sides between big day. Both sides. And so you know I gotta stand with my, they should have the Uber should have seen it was Lyft. Lyft, Uber, door Dash, whatever it is. They should have saw her and ordered the XXL for her. No, she should have wanted XXL for Herself. Gotta do to herself. No, sometimes we ain't got the money for that. I've squeezed into Prius. I've squeezed into the little cars. You just gotta think then. And what did the driver say when you got in? How Did you and how did you get out? I had to tip him pause a little extra. I felt bad. I think you should pay for three people like that.


No, no. That's a pool. This is an over pool. Yeah, Pool. If you a certain size. If you a pool by yourself. A pool yourself. That's right. No, no. They just, in real life, all they gotta do is they gotta move the front seat up a little bit so that you can turn to the side so that your body is this way so you have more room. So now I gotta be uncomfortable because you too big. You In the driver's seat. The passenger seat gotta move up. You move it up seat it don't go up that far brother. It don't go up that far. It do. Listen, I've lived this life. Y'all are just, y'all are outsiders watching. Alright. What kind of car do you drive? Do I drive? Yes. I got a SUI had to I What kind exactly What kind? I Gotta, I got a Kia. A Telluride. Like the one, the hamster drive. No, no, no drive. Hell no. You A big ass Ster driver. The hamster drive.


I can't stand it. Hey yo, let, let's, let's go to the fold lines. Y'all got little crazy you a heavy Ham, heavy on the ham. Hello Ja from India. Ja. Who are you signing with? The Lyft driver or big D brother? I'm signed with Big D. Why? Okay. I think it's a skinny slope, no pun intended, but people gotta be very careful when they start discriminating. 'cause as a former fat chamber And I be evolved and grown and mature, they gotta recognize that once you start discriminating against white, what's gonna stop somebody with saying, Hey, I don't pick up blacks, I don't pick up because of your gender or because of how you're dressed. So when you start doing that, even though it doesn't seem like it's the same thing, what's gonna stop 'em from discriminating against everything else?


All right, so I want the here go to big back brigade with, they pitch folks in, they protest signs. And guess what Charlemagne is about to say? Black being black is not a choice. Being your gender is not a choice. Okay. Being 500, 600 pounds, that's a choice. Now there might have been circumstances that caused you to get to that weight, but staying at that weed is on you. Yeah. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Cash. Hey Cash. Good morning. Are you sided with Big Dank or the Lyft driver Mama? Big dank all the way. Why? Because she big 'cause Well Charlemagne, you know you don't like big people Dude don't like no big You, you can't stand big people.


It's been years and years. That's right. But here's how I say it. Yeah. When you use your personal vehicle for a corporation as big as Lyft to Right. Lyft Is a a corporation and they've already released a statement saying that they condemn all forms of discrimination. You can't tell this woman that she's too big to get in your car unless it's written somewhere in the app saying the driver reserves the right to say that you can't get in because of your weight. That's not gonna happen. So she's gonna get paid. And the fact that it's picking up this thing just makes her case even better.


Well If she gets paid salute to her. Lemme ask you a question. Imagine you in the Caribbean, right? You in the Caribbean and like you're doing a little island hopping and you know how they got them little ass planes, like the little, little planes that prop Island, Propell plane. If the person on propeller plane see you coming and you five, 600 pounds and they be like, look you, we can't allow you to get on. I'm gonna allow her because you're too heavy. Is that plane wrong? Tell me you're changing the post because when it's a weight issue, you being in the air. Yeah the plane could have a problem because they have weight limits. We're talking about a little car Mercedes that he's driving up the street. Cars have weight limits. That car is not gonna fall out of the sky. But it can drag. He Would just have to put more air in the tires maybe.


But if you take the emotion outta it, no really? If you take the emotion outta it, it's black and white. No but cash. But, but He's striving for a corporation. You can't just make up your own rules. I agree with you. But I want y'all to take the emotion out of it too. And just look at this person. He wasn't being a big back bigot. A bigot to big back. Yes he was. No he wasn't. He was just simply thinking to himself, man, I don't know if this, if I put this woman in my car, it might mess my ties up, might mess my shocks up, might mess my suspension up. Yeah, He didn't sound like a mean guy. Like he was trying to be nasty. He was just like, look, I can't, it was like, it's gonna, you're so Worried about your car. Don't drive it for a car sharing service. That's like driving a taxi and getting mad.


'cause you only want certain things in your taxi car. No, you're driving people around. Thank you. Cash. Right. Listen, I and by the way, I don't hate big people. Yeah. At all. I just love fat jokes. There's a difference. Yeah. Whatever. There's a difference. No, there really is. There's a difference. I don't have a problem with big people in no way, shape or form. I just like fat jokes. The problem is that man knows his car. Right? We've been in Ubers before, we've been in taxi cabs where they, it feels like it's gonna break down. Right? We've been in those type of vehicles. So if he knows his car can't handle it and saying I can't put her in there because it's gonna be a black, That's Basically what he said. He said, just call another call. My tires are tired, my actual crook. Like, so it's going to break. You know what I'm saying?


He already was telling them my tires are tired as Wow. And, and we gotta stop acting like everything is discrimination. Right. Sometimes think is just a matter of comfort. If I'm sitting on a plane and you see the big person walking on the plane, you thinking yourself, please don't have this person sitting next to you. Yeah. Not because the person is fat, but because you know that you gonna be uncomfortable. Exactly. Just like seeing somebody with a baby or somebody, you know what I'm saying? Like, please don't 'cause this baby gonna be screaming. That's right. It's all about my preference and how comfortable I wanna be. That's facts. But even, even on a plane, you know they do sometimes they put people on other sides of the plane depending on weight. Right. You know that. I don't know if you've ever seen that before. They'd be like, excuse me, we need you to sit on this side of the plane because they got, I Ain't never seen that. That's on spirit. They be doing, I was scared hell out of, I ain't never seen, I ain't never seen that.


All Right. I'm not saying you wrong, I just never see that. And also when you get to the airport, they weigh your bag for a reason. Yep. They want to know how heavy your bag is. So if you think they don't weigh you though, because they can't, they want to trust, they wanna, they've been wanting to do this forever, but because of people like this woman that wanna make a scene about everything. Okay, now when the plane crash, who fault is it? Jesus all I'm just saying all soon to Big D though, God bless you to big dang. What up? You should, you should, you should be putting out some music. If you a rapper, like you supposed to be this woman to put out music. We should have brought Big Dan Up here to talk about love hip hop. Everything is really happening. We really should Have brought Big Dan up here to talk about it. Not at all. This, this crazy. She about to make a couple videos about us too, By the way.


There's nothing wrong with that though. If, if, if this leads to her rap career taking off or her getting that. That's what I'm saying. If you getting all this attention turned it into something you a rapper like you know, to make, you know, make. And maybe that is the goal. Yes. This is your, this could be your big break


piece of the planet, Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real. That's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's streaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day. Prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now the Forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every Day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business Week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. Join me on the Ghost Therapy podcast. Whoa. My lights in my living room just flickered. I'm a little nervous. I'm excited, I'm excited. Nervous. You know, I'm a very spiritual person, so I'm like, I'm ready and open. That was amazing. I feel so grateful right now. I got to speak to my great-grandmother Aela and she gave me a lot of really good advice that I'm gonna have to really think about. Wow. Okay. That's crazy. Yes, that is accurate. Listen to the Ghost Therapy podcast as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network. Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General Manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. Along with my cohost Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent Shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, UAA and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the first time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their clients signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You about blow up Play Tonight. You gonna be living low. Alright, Come on. Little Commercial's Crazy. We got mess coming up man. What we talking about? We talking about? Yeah. We got some big rumor coming up. See y'all play too much. See y'all play too much. The Breakfast Club Good. Make no sense for a grown ass man to be losing his mind to this record the way Envy was. Yo, it's a bang. Yeah. For you to shake your ass. Why is he over there doing that? I'm not shaking my shaking his as. What was he doing then his back, I walked in the room, he was over there going, I'm like, God damn. What the hell wrong with this boy? Record is dope dj. It is a dope record.


But you got a sign a few of 'em. I thought Trump stopped all this. Didn't Trump sign case? No, no. I checked. Didn't Trump sign executive board to stop this? Oh my goodness. Stop this. No, we didn't stop this. This is rap. Oh, okay. No, I was talking about the gay stuff. If you gonna learn, learn too genius. Straight too. I'm Emini here. You gotta Uhuh You not straight. He put a little pinky up. Tee up. I'm just here for the gay Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. That was Fat The baby. All right, well we time. Nah, it's Alright. Alright, alright. Alright. SLU to my SLU to the Good sister Anita Ax.


Man. She put out a book, the Wind on Her Tongue. It is book two of the Daughter of Three Waters trilogy. It is available everywhere you purchase books now. That's what's up. Came outta my book in print. Black Privilege Publishing with Simon and Schuster man. So salute to Anita. Yo. And then also, look, yo, I got into, I ain't gonna lie, I got into like Wags last night, right? You watched it And I I don't, I don't like it Mean girls. I'm not. Yeah, look man, I'm telling you right now, You a Zeus connoisseur. How you don't Zeus, you know Netflix for one Netflix. Yeah. I'm surprised that they did that. The the the age spectrum is way too wide. They just threw Kodak baby mother in there. She 22 like and rest of the girls a lot older on like the impact or loving hip hop or something like that.


Sharelle, osha, you can tell she watched a lot of Evelyn Lazada. She watched a lot of basketball wi Oh, because they because they, yeah, she act like her boy. I'm, yes. That's a little weird. And, and yeah that's very much weird. Like, yo, she's too old to act like that to tell Rick Ross baby mother you, you'll say, I don't think I want to hang with you 'cause you, you did a sex tape. I know people mad. She said that how everybody audio, y'all hold up, be quiet. How, how everybody a real estate agent. How everybody, Because the, a lot of the wags do that. Come on yo. How everybody sell houses. Even Kodak came up at 22. Need to see, I need to see the license. What license need To see Kodak and how many houses be sold and how many like come on everybody Prove to me that you're a real Estate agent And I nothing these brunches in your fighting up anyway.


Let's get's supposed to Be the lifestyle. Let's get to you real. Just don't do no lying. Don't, don't spread nobody Worldwide. Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's Time to set it on. But you watched It Jess, you did watch it. I did watch it. And you liked It because you sent voice note. Voice notes. Yes. That you Liked it Lauren. No, that don't mean I liked it. What did the voice note say? A whole bunch of things. I didn't you didn, But it got you going. Like one person on there and that's the, that's Amar Meyers ex-wife.


That's her The Voice. No, she, Alexis. Alexis, Alexis. The voice. No. Should said Lauren, your shoulders the ashy. Okay. Be on camera tomorrow as should She got problem out. Exactly. The only thing asie here is that Baldhead and them lips. So let's not Okay, But what I didn't watch was the, the Diddy. The Diddy documentary. Oh, they dropped Three episodes last night. They Did. And I know you wanted One. Yeah, it's more, they got more. So yeah, they dropped three episodes last night And I told y'all we weren't we gonna leave it alone. But it was some stuff in this last, these couple episodes. So first things first, right? They have a bunch of people. This is like where everybody realizes like, oh my God, he's such a horrible person. Allegedly. So they have a ex-girlfriend of his, her name is Kat Peon, I think I'm saying her name right, Kat Peon. And she talks about a moment on a boat when they were dating where the r Kelly stuff was happening back in 2019 and they're watching it together and his response to that and it made her like, wake up, let's take a listen.


I remember one time it was the beginning of 2019 and we were in The Bahamas on a yacht. And the r Kelly documentary had come out. He came into the room to watch a little bit. He's walking outta the room and he says there's a little bit of r Kelly in all of us and then walks out the door. And I remember being like, what? There is not a little bit of r Kelly in all of us, but I wasn't absorbing really the severity of that statement until later. That's crazy. What you looking at Ashley Lips Charlamagne. What? What's your thoughts?


I'm just sitting there trying to figure out what the hell did he mean by that? I'm Showing up. I'm showing up. We're All thinking. No. So she says that in that moment. Emini here. She she mentioned it but she goes on the doctor basically say like, now looking back at that, she's like, whoa. Right. So then there is a ex assistant of his at his. Oh, Kelly Might have really, nevermind. I'm about to say something crazy. Don't I was just gonna tell Kelly, nevermind. Leave it alone. I know it's right there too. I wanna come out Back. Hold on. What We gonna, There really might be a little bit of r Kelly and Diddy. That's all I'm saying. Oh, Emini here. He said everybody don't try and put it on all of us Black people. Like when we say y'all, I'm not y'all. Now before I go to the exec executive assistant, I want y'all to listen to you had talked about victims being involved and Little Rod Rodney who, the producer.


The producer who said that he worked with Diddy and all this stuff happened. He was in the, the first couple episodes, but he didn't really say too much. This third documentary episode, let's hear it. Oh, he dropped a lot of tea. Let's take a listen to Little Rod. We were at Puffy's Los Angeles house working in the studio. He says, I'm gonna work in my bathroom. Everybody bring everything. So we break down the studio, get the instruments, and go to his bathroom as usual. And he strips himself in front of us and jumps right into the shower. But he's looking directly at me. You know what Emini here, I found myself getting a, a pat on my butt. Felt uncomfortable and still feels uncomfortable.


What y'all okay. Yeah. You got He did that in the shower. He Got, yeah. So he said, you know, puffs, creative juices seem to flow better in the allegedly Don't say juices. Don't say creative Juices. And so he said, yo, come and do the setup in the shower. It was a mobile setup. They broke down, set back up in the shower and you know, the steam and the things were flowing as well as the music and puffs eyes. They locked eyes in right at him the whole time. How You patting the butt from the shower though? That's what I just said. Nah. That I don somebody else. It had to be somebody else. Or maybe it was a time lapse and things just happened fast. 'cause that was a lot to take in. You know what Emini here, like you watching this grown man shower. But, but so this is don't say but don't say but, so this is right. Okay. However, this, however come this is supposed to, he's on the documentary and he's like, like we are, this is sad.


Like this is like, whoa. Yeah, no, no. Yeah. No. Was he high or was he drunk? Who? Little rod. Little ride. So he, so he said did it, he says that in that, in that moment. No, but he does. Okay. He does talk about times though. Where, where, because he talked about this a lawsuit too, where he feel, he said he feels like, or alleges he was drugged because he woke up with a sex worker in his bed and couldn't really understand what happened. Yeah. No, no, no. I'm talking about before we get there. Because when you felt the pet on your butt and you went in the bathroom, like you went in the bathroom and you Yeah. Nah, I don't understand why he Go the bathroom don't room either. You could be like, no, yo, I'm not doing that. Exactly. I wouldn't, I'm not in the bathroom. Yeah. If they say, yo, bring everything in the bathroom to produce, I'm be like, nah, not doing that.


And then niggas Emini here, then people skipping over the fact that he said as usual, like, this was something usual Diddy did. Come on. Y'all ever call me take a shower. But can, but you can see what a manipulation may come into play. 'cause what if Diddy tell you, oh, this is how I made a one 12 album, or this how I made Faith Evans album. Like what if he's really gassing these kids and telling him this is, this is how I made all of this. Great. You Called them, That can happen. You called them Little Rod is gonna call Mary, like, Hey, it's Little Rod. And she's gonna be like, Who are you a slim? What happened? What happened? So he, to to your point though, Charla, he did say that, you know, he was excited to be working with did its, it's Diddy and it got to a point where he didn't even get paid. He produced a lot of stuff on the Love album, didn't even get paid for it.


So it gave me the gist that he was just excited to be working with the man. The myth, the legend. Puff Daddy, right? Emini here. We already know this though. He said that, but all Right. What happened after the shower though? Did they, did they, that's how it ended. He got out. He probably got a towel. No. What did Rod say happened? Did he, how did that story end Emini Here? You can't say probably. How did That session end? Charlemagne wants to hear after the butt tap. I don Say he woke up with But when that was a different instance. That was a whole other, yeah, that was a different instance. So he was sober that whole time. Man, I trying, He in the shower, he was sober. He only alleged being drugged when he woke up with the sex worker. I'm trying to remember what he said. Did a Song get made? They did the, there was a love album, which was great music by The way. So after that shower session, there was a song made. They were actually, They were producing music.


That's why he there. That's what I'm asking. Yes. The Love album came about. He said he wasn't paid for the love album at all to this day, but the love album happened and he, he worked with Diddy. He was a producer on the Love album. That's crazy. Now there is one other thing that I wanna get to as well with this. So Phil Pines, who's an ex senior executive assistant for Diddy, he worked with Puff from December, 2019 to December, 2021. He detailed what these parties would be like that they called the King Knights. AKA the freak off. Let's take a listen Where the Wild King Knights happening at these big star started events. I think there's a, a difference and a disparity between what people think that they were. Meaning that there was hundreds of people engaging in these activities.


That wasn't my experience. How many people would typically be there? It's a small batch of people. What would he require for a Wild King Night? Emini here we usually had a laundry list of items that included lights, alcohol, marijuana, ketamine, Molly Baby Oil and Astroglide were very important. Candles, incense, apple TVs, electronics, computers, iPads, you know, male libido supplements, stuff like that. Those requests started to become more frequent. They started to occur on a daily basis. Did he say ask Gladder or am I hearing things? Oh, you said a whole bunch. I thought you said it's a lot of stuff. You so mad.


You ain't getting invited to that kick night with a bunch of queens. No, I'm not. Nah. But he, He also talks about that he would get a lot of voice notes from Puff right during this time because Puff would be hitting him on a voice note requesting different things. Let's take a listen to that. Phil, can you Come back upstairs to help me set up the red light? I would get a lot of voice notes from Diddy. How often daily, Phil, I need some Cialis and gimme 20 Xanax please. Hey Phil, I need a plan B. I need 10 out of all the mushroom capsules. The, the micro dose. You bring that out to me please. Jesus. That's crazy. Oh goodness. Never beaten the Allegations, Alice. I didn't know what that was. It's like Viagra. Yeah, But That's crazy.


Yeah. Not really big. It's not what was really big. No, I'm saying that's not Emini here. Shrooms Michael do and all that. Like, that just sound like a Regular night in la. I don not even in LA down the street in New York, like wherever, like people do shrooms, people do, you know, just Saying like, I really, he really can't stop. Won't stop. That's all I get from this. It is just like, It needs to be like other evidence. He Extra horny all the time. Yeah. I think it depends on Seen somebody that's horny. I ain't, I'm just that horny. You ain't never seen nobody that like what? No, You seen this somebody's horny. What was It like? I'm just saying like, y'all don't know people that I know, people like this do that. Like that make calls. Yo, let me get some cis or let me get somebody. Yo, this is, To me, this is a normal LA Party. Different girl every day Just you.


Right. But this is chapter 100 and every single chapter is freaking, freaking, freaking horny. Horny, horny, horny. Yeah. When was he not freaky and horny? When was he ever off? But the freaky and horny part is not, is not against Lord. He could be as freaky and horny as he want, but It's where he applied the horny and the freaky. It's yeah, it's where he applied the horny and freaky. Because Phil Pines also said that he would do stuff like make them prove they're loyalty to him. Make them sleep with different people. Like it's, that's a lot when somebody don't wanna do something. What You mean said what? Not with like other men. But the executive assistant said that he would make him like, made them Walk to Brooklyn for cheeks. For cheeks. That's what I was told. Made them walk to Brooklyn for Cheeks. Oh. And I and, and nobody decided to walk home like with that.


They, they went You Ever been to Puff House to la? Yeah. That walk is crazy. Why would you ever ask me that? Have I ever been to The party? That was the thing. No, of course not. I've never been there. But that Walk is crazy. It's like barely even a highway sometimes. But I'm just saying everybody is complaining. But he used to make us walk. Why you ain't walk home then? Because it Might have been hard to walk after what they experienced. Right? You're dumb. I'm just saying. I wonder why col astroglide. I wonder that astroid. I wonder why he would leave them voice notes though. 'cause That's not did. He's up to him to decide. You choose that. You could set That's a setting in your phone. No, no. Diddy had to leave them voice notes. Yeah, But he thought, why? I know he like, dang, I chose the wrong people.


I'm tired of talking about this. You know why I'm tired of talking about this because you won. No. 'cause a lot of this stuff is really funny. And if we ain't gonna make no jokes, then everybody just needs to, and I know that there's real big, And I know that is been dramatic things that have happened to people. But some of this stuff is really hilarious guys. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Really hilarious. Alright, alright. Okay. Alright. Well that's just with the mess, Jess. Thank you. Thank you. Could you imagine somebody in the shower and you, oh you feel a pat on your ass? You not sweating on my, just for me, just look at you in the shower. Like I'm not going in there. But let's go. Why you looking at me like that man? Did you go to commercial? Who You giving your donkey To Four after the hour, we need us go GE, Georgia. Representative Rich McCormick to come in the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a world with him please. Oh right Donkey. The days up next.


I hate this place. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. This Is a Miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes you are a donkey. The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new development in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency. Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white. The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day?


Well, donkey today for Wednesday, January 29th goes the Georgia representative Rich McCormick. He is a Republican who was on CNN yesterday defending Trump's federal aid freeze on school lunch programs. Now, I don't know about y'all, but I grew up on school lunch programs, okay? During the school year and at summertime, my grandmother was a lunch lady at Ra Reddy Intermediate School in Mo Corner, South Carolina dropping a clue bomb for Ari ready intermediate school. Okay? So sometimes she would bring those lunches home. And I'm gonna tell you something. I remember one kid in fourth grade who was so poor. Mind you, none of us came from any money. But he had it worse than a lot of us. That school lunch program was the only time that young brother used to eat throughout the whole day. And I remember we had an evil mean ass teacher named Ms. Freeman.


That woman used to punish that young man by telling him he couldn't eat lunch. And I'll never forget the pain in that young man's face when she used to do that to him. People are really, really cruel. And that's what we are seeing from folks like Rich McCormick. Okay? Not only does he agree with the federal aid freeze on school lunch programs, he says that kids should be working instead of receiving free lunch. Let's go to CNN Pamela Brown for the report, please. Would you support getting rid of, you know, school lunch for vulnerable kids and breakfast and Head Start? Do you support that? And what do you say to your constituents When you talk about school lunches? Hey, I, I worked my way through high school. I, I know about you, but I worked since I was, before I was even 13 years old.


I was picking berries in the fields before we had child labor laws that, that precluded that I was a paper boy. And, and when I was in high school, I worked my entire way through. You're telling me that kids who stay at home instead of going to work at Burger King McDonald's during the summer should stay at home and get their free lunch instead of going to work. I think we need to have a top, top down review. I think paying a lot of These kids With a broad, Broad brush, I would say that's not necessarily exactly a fair assessment of all of the kids. So you would say all the kids in your district who use the free lunch for example, or breakfast, they're all just not just sitting at home course and not working, not okay, I just wanna clarify because that seems, seems like what way, but This what us a chance, what you're trying to, no, this gives us a chance. This gives us a chance though to see where is the money really being spent? How many people got their start in fast food restaurants when they were kids versus just giving a blanket rule that gives all kids lunches in high school who are capable of going out in the actually getting a job and doing something that makes 'em have value thinking about their future instead of thinking about how they're gonna sponge out the government.


Okay, you want high school kids to get a job? What about elementary school? What about middle school kids? Okay. You know what I'm saying? Like, lemme tell you something, man, that you already probably know. America does not give a damn about poor people Emini here. They could care less. When I first heard this story, I thought to myself, does Rich McCormick know that they're poor white? You know, you know kids that he'll be depriving as well because, you know, blackness is just my default setting. So I just assume this is happening because of race. Because growing up I was a black kid who benefited from school lunch programs. But no, guys like Rich McCormick don't give a damn about color. They care about, they don't give a, they, they, they don't give a damn about race. They don't give a damn about poor people. Period. Okay? It's all a matter of class. But I just want to tell folks like Rich McCormick, because the Trump administration is ahead of schedule on ruining the economy, by the way, now I wanna start, I wanna say something, but they are ahead of schedule.


See, I've told y'all before that the economy, since World War II does better when it's a Democrat in the White House. And this isn't about party affiliation because I'm an independent. I'm just dealing with facts. There have been 11 recessions in this country, 10 of them have been Republican led. So I'm already anticipating that for this administration. Say what you want. Democrats create jobs, Democrats at least attempt to expand the middle class and strengthen the economy. Okay? I understand that a lot of folks don't always feel that in their pockets. So it's hard for people to believe that. I get it. But let's be clear, this capitalist society we live in doesn't matter who's in charge, okay? Republicans and Democrats because the gap between the haves and have nots is so wide, okay? The wealth inequality in this country is so great that what they are currently implementing by attempting to, you know, order this federal spending freeze, you stop Medicaid School, breakfast, lunch programs, section eight, rental assistance, the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants and kids farm credits, the va, the SPA, defense contracts, anything that provides people with financial relief.


They trying to put a freeze on Rich McCormick, if the have-nots, the poor, if they hungry and can't give food, what you think they going to eat? No, not your, not your literal ass Emini here. Figuratively as in eat to rich. Okay? Let me give you a reminder from the late great Tupac Shakur on what happens when a country doesn't take care of the least of us. If I know that in this hotel room, they have food every day and I'm knocking on the door every day to eat and they tell, and they open the door. Let me see the party, let me see, like them throwing salami all over the Emini here, just like throwing food around.


They're telling me there's no food in here. You know what I'm saying? Every day I'm standing outside trying to sing my way in. You know what I'm saying? We all hungry, please let us in. We all hungry. Please let us say after about a week, that song is gonna change the we hungry. We need some food. After two, three weeks. It's like, you know, give me little food banging down the door. And after a year, then you just like, you know what I'm saying? I'm picking the lock coming through the door blasting. You know what I'm saying? It's like you hungry, you reached your level. You don't want any more. We asked 10 years ago, we was asking with the Panthers, we was asking with them, you know, the civil rights movement. We was asking, you know, now, now those people that were asking, they're all dead and in jail. So now what do you think we're gonna do?


It's, it's only a matter of time. Okay, rich McCormick, this is how I know folks like yourself. Y'all don't really believe in Christ. Y'all don't really believe in Christ. 'cause Matthew 25 40 talks about taking care of the least of us. All right? Talks about taking care of the least of us. It says truly, I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me. This just means that by caring for those who are most vulnerable are marginalized, you are serving Jesus himself. That's not what you doing. Rich McCormick, please give that man the biggest hee-haw. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Yes, indeed.


Now when we come back, Ashley, Allison will be joining us. She's from CNN. She was part of the Obama Biden administration, also the Biden Harris administration. So we are gonna talk to Ashley when we come back. All right, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Ashley. Allison, welcome. Yes. Hi. How you feeling this morning? Well, That's a hard question. Nine days into Donald Trump's America. But Don't let us stress you out. You can't think about it every day. You gotta remember your serenity prayer. Okay, That's a word.


No, you know? Yeah, I'm good. But it's a lot on my mind right now. Can we go, can we go back a little bit and find out who Ashley Allison is and how you jumped into politics? So let's start off from what got you into politics. I led my first protest when I was in the second grade. Second grade. Wow. What was It? Over? Damn. So I'm lactose intolerant. Me too. And, and most of us are, we. It should, most people in The World are lactose intolerance, so we should change that name. But, and the nuns at my school used to make us drink the milk. You went Catholic school? Yes. I'm not Catholic, but went to Catholic school And I, Most of us, most of us did. And I used to get sick every day after lunch. Wow. Man. Every day. And they used to say, it's 'cause I didn't like math.


Now I don't like math And I'm not good at math. Right. But I didn't make myself sick. And so the first was like, let me drink juice at lunch and not, and so it was just like when something is, doesn't make sense, do something about it. Change it, fix it. Mm. And then my parents raised me like knocking on doors when I was a little kid, canvassing for candidates for city council. And then I just am someone, like when I see something that is not right, it just agitates my spirit. That's why you like, don't let it stress you out. It's like part of who I am. I cannot see something that is wrong and not say something. And I feel like Obama came through And I was like, oh, how do you, how do you work on a campaign? How do you, I was teaching at Boys and Girl High School actually at the time when Obama ran for president and my students were in like engaged by him in a way I had never seen.


And I was like, I wanna work on his campaign. And it was kind of like all she wrote. Do you think we'll ever see that again? Do you ever think we'll see a, because he's a once in a lifetime generational Time. He's a once in a lifetime generation leader and so is Donald Trump. He is. That's a fact. I've only seen three in my lifetime like that. Clinton, Obama, and Trump. Yeah. I don't know. I don't, I honestly, I don't know if we need a once in a lifetime generational leader. I just think we need good leaders. I think that the celebrity of it all is part of the problem is like, I want somebody who cares about the quality of everybody's life and wants everybody's life to be better. I don't need you to be a reality show star. I don't need you to be super famous. I don't even need to really wanna have dinner with you, quite honestly.


Yeah. I just need you to know what you're doing and wanna help people and get this country in a better place. So probably not. Yeah. I know you said that stress is a big part of your job and, and you don't mind you, you don't care. You gonna keep telling the truth, you know? 'cause that's your job to do that. But have you ever had a tipping point? Like, are yo I I'm not about to be doing this no more. Like throw in the towel type. Yeah. So, okay. I'm a big yogi. I've been doing yoga for 25 years. So I'm always breathing. I'm always staying grounded, connected, like feet on the ground, making sure you not gonna catch me off my balance. The thing about why at this moment I'm okay with it is because eight years ago, the first time he got elected, it almost took me out.


Mm. Like I was leaving the White House. The relationship I was in ended, I felt like my whole identity, I closed the White House down. Right. I had no job. My money was real funny. So, you know, we don't make a lot of money in the government. And I was like, what do I do? And for six months I was just kind of like, I was in a depression. I was in a, I almost hit rock bottom. And every day since then, I was in therapy. You know, I did a lot of the self work. I got my practices back together and every day since then, I've been building for this moment. So it's not gonna, I'm not gonna get to the point where I like, I can't do this anymore. 'cause I'm never gonna let somebody else take that much power away from me. You know? Did your ex Vote for Trump?


I don't know. I don't talk. I'm Just Say No, you, my mom is listening so I can't say what I was about to say but I'm talking that mother. Exactly. Listen, I, you said something that's very interesting about democracy, right? And, And I agree with everything you said, but I was watching John Stewart last night and he put, he presented a good point. He said that, you know, the thing that we need to remember about Trump is this is democracy. Mm. Because he was voted in. Yeah. And he has control of all branches of government now. Yeah. So the things he's doing, we may not like it, but under the constitution he has the right to do it. Well, not all things. Okay. The constitution still exists for a reason, right? So you can sign an executive order, but democracy, we still have three branches of our government.


Right? So you can sign an executive order and the courts are actually supposed to be a checks and balances. Right? So if it goes all the way up to the Supreme Court and the court says no, Donald Trump can't then just override it. Right? That's His too. Well that's the problem, right? That's the problem with is that we were supposed to have all these checks and balances. I think the thing that's on the front of my mind is this 14th amendment around birthright citizenship. And I'm like, y'all better wake up. 'cause this is not about birthright citizenship. This is about being able to discriminate against all of us because of equal protection. Break that down. Okay. So I think almost every legal scholar, except for like the five that Donald Trump is gonna find to bring this case have said that birthright citizen is citizenship is in the constitution and is not a thing.


But he still on day one, signed an executive order. He even said in his interview behind the resolute desk that I don't know if this is gonna work, but we gonna try it out. So he is trying to like press the levers of democracy to see. But the 14th amendment also is the amendment that prevents from you to be able to be discriminated. It, it gives all rights to Americans in this country. So black, brown women, straight gay, and it's bigger than just birthright citizenship. And so, because immigration is such a big topic right now, they are introducing the fight through that lens as a foil, almost as a distraction. So that you focus on that and not on really what they're doing.


And if you take one piece of the Constitution away, then it start again, a thousand little cuts, it is a cut. And so they're trying to, they're trying to knock it down. So that's why I'm like, don't get distracted, y'all don't be in despair. Pay attention. You know, like eight years ago was when stay woke. We made it like the thing that people said again and then they turned it on us. It's like, no, like wake up. You know? It's like Spike Lee when he's like, wake up. It is like this is happening in front of our face and now is not the time to sit on the couch and be like, eh, not my Fight school me on this too. 'cause they said, they're saying that his plan to end birthright citizenship is like Dred Scott too. Do you think so? Well I think I, I don't know. I haven't heard them people articulate that argument.


So I wanna hear a little bit more. Again, I don't, I don't like to Just say something because yeah, this, this sound like the smartest person in the room. But there was an article in the New York Times though. Okay. I think that the question is, is that a lot of people birthright citizenship. They said it was brought through to give black people black and state people the right of citizenship. But it's not just about black people, it's about all people. Again, I think that every legal assault scholar, Republican, conservative, even Scalia, most of his clerks, most of the people who are Scalia are like who? And Scalia is one of the most conservative Supreme Court justices we've ever had say that it shouldn't be able to pass a legal muster. I don't even know if this Supreme Court will hear the case, but we will find out.


But again, that's the distraction over there because today he just stopped federal funding on programs like Snap. He rolled out that federal funding and grants need to be halted. Now that means monies that go to cancer, nonprofits, all nonprofits, veteran services. And so again, it happens in the middle of the night, you know, stop now today watch, you're gonna do some wow stuff to distract everybody from that to distract everybody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't focus on the distraction. Focus on the trick they've trying to play on you. So we're right now people are looking at it, looking at lawsuits, looking at litigation that they can file to halt this.


You know, I woke up to a text from my cousin and was like, who literally just had a baby yesterday. Wow. And she was like, section eight my snap benefits. She runs a real estate thing and she's like, my tenants are section eight. Are they gonna be able to pay? Am I gonna be able to, Jesus this is real light. You know what Emini here, like I'm on C Nnn but this is, that's my first cousin that I'm talking about here. That is like what is what's happening? And to truth be told, a lot of people who voted for Donald Trump are gonna now face that consequence as well. He is a master performer, an executor of a show and he is putting on a show right now. But I wanna, I wanna see the credits. Alright, we got more with Ashley.


Allison from CNN when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJNV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club with still kicking it with Ashley. Allison from CNN. Now we always talk about the problems, but what are the solutions? What can people do to, you know, to try to stop this or to try to curve it? Like what can people do? 'cause a lot of people listening and be like, we know the problems. Yeah, we know we gotta deal with the next four years. We see it happen in the last eight, nine days. But what can we do to stop it? What's the solution? Yeah, I think being in community is the most important thing, right? Like sitting by yourself and spiraling and doom. Scrolling. One of the things that, the coolest thing that is happening right now, y'all, y'all following Hillman talk on TikTok.


Okay. So this is why I love black women. Like we are the 92% supposed to be sitting down chilling. And we done created a whole HBCU online on TikTok in the last seven days. Oh. Of this? Yeah. So a black professor, she put a video out about African American studies class for her 36 students. It is now a place where 20 plus PhDs, all black folks teaching African American studies teaching the art of resistance, love teaching economic power, love it. That's self-organizing, right? I think right now one of the things we have, our, our people have been through many, many things and one of the best things you can do right now is to educate yourself on how to sustain oppression. They're Saying Dr. Barlow Is is name Dr. Barlow.


Yes. Dr. Barlow. Yes. And so they're educating us on forms of resistance. So you don't just sit and say like, well how did, how did the civil rights movement survive? How did we get the, the Civil Rights Act like that did not happen overnight. We tell that a lot of times our country tells that black during black history month, if they even tell that story, that was like a 15 year struggle just to get that one piece of legislation. So find yourself in community and educate yourself. You know, I'm not gonna take a stance on the boycotts right now, but I do think our economic collective buying power is very important. There's a lot of conversation about boycotting companies who are getting rid of DEI. I think boycotts are hard but boycotts can be used strategically. And if we as a community really put some strategy behind it, it could be effective while we're still helping black businesses and entrepreneurs thrive.


And then I think we gotta have some tough conversations. Y'all can trump Go for a third term And how could he make that happen? No. And he is turned, don't Say no so fast. He's turned out I'm gonna get, everything has context, everything has context. There is the 22nd amendment of the Constitution. There's currently piece of legislation that has been introduced that would allow a, any president to run for a third term. Now you say, how do we make sure these things don't become law? Well you can. You can amend the constitution. It is extremely hard to amend the constitution. I think you need Not when you trump, not when you got that political white supremacist will. Right. So when you talk about how do you make sure these things don't, don't become law. That's what I'm like you that should never even see the, the light of day.


Now truth be told, if Trump can run for a third term, so can Obama. So can Clinton, so can all the other presidents that are alive that they will. But currently now in the constitution, Trump could not run for a third Term. But the problem and the problem with that is they're not going to use that power when they get it. That's what pisses me off about Democrats. That's why I stay on Democrats neck. They're not going to use the power even if they get it. They wanna do everything they want. All these political norms when things have not been politically normal since 2016. I agree. We are in a new normal and we have to recalibrate to that new normal like we are not operating.


That's why when, you know my famous line is when they go low I match energy. Like I'm not, that's, that's my thing. Like I don't, I don't stay high. Are you mad? Michelle hasn't said anything yet. 'cause the reason I say that is 'cause Michelle kind of set the tone right when she said when they go low we go high. But then she decided to not even go at all. Not the funeral, not the inauguration. I think she's sometimes actions speak louder than words. That's true. Do you feel like Obama shouldn't, should have set out of the inauguration Or at least Not have been cracking jokes behind Kanye? I think you should have. I was like what is happening? You know, I understand why he went I don't, I know you don't. To the inauguration I don. Yeah. But I will say I don't think I would've been there, but that's why I probably never run for office because I match energy.


You know what I'm saying? Like that's not how I rock. I understand why Democrats felt like it was important to go. Here's what I will say. I think that because they went, you can't just then disappear. You have to provide context to people who you were ringing the five alarm fire to about why you went. Because I think, you know, you know you have a massive platform, right? And so you do stay on Democrats. I think you also stay on Republicans And I think though sometimes people, you know how social media works, people take a clip and flip it and put it out there. Oh you see A bunch of Trump commercials? Yeah, Yeah. Right. Them two right? Them two. And so you always just wanna make sure people can't use your words against you.


People can't use your actions against you. Particularly when you're the first like a President Obama. So I think that you probably will hear more from him about why he felt it was important for him to show up and be the bigger person. But I think you also then have to still hold Trump accountable. Like I would not be up there kiking with Donald Trump though. Yes. I don know what what they would say even if I was just sitting there chilling. I don dunno what they were saying but I got questions sir. Yeah. What stories do you wanna tell with Watering Hole Media that you're the CEO of? Oh yeah. You know I actually started in 2009 during Obama because I saw this wave of social media. I wanna give people and democratize, democratize microphones. You know, there are a lot of creators out there who do amazing things. I start, I restarted Watering Hole after the infamous Montgomery uprising with the folding chair.


Right? Yeah. And I'll tell this story. In 24 hours I saw the trajectory of that story change. In the morning I saw news media outlets starting to cover it with a tint of vigilantism and whatnot. And I saw black Twitter activate the creators activate and we turned a moment that could have been very dangerous for black people and a really sad outcome. We brought joy to it. We brought a strong political analysis to it and by the end of that night the story was being told. So I'm saying how do I take, how do I find those talented people and give them a platform, give them money to do that. That I think is how we make sure some things like that don't become laws. 'cause we tell we have good messengers, we have good storytellers.


I wanna go at politics not through like well your snap benefits and da da. It's like no, let's talk about how it really is impacting you and get you to be more engaged. So I think there's a lot of opportunity. I think Republicans did it really, really well. Everyone's like we need our own Joe Rogan. No we don't. No we don't. We actually don't. We need to empower people who know how to connect with real people and tell real stories and empower them just to do it. That's what we're doing there. Absolutely. And Joe Rogan exists. Just go on Joe Rogan. Right, right. It's not like Joe Rogan doesn't walk people from Don't try and coffee, don't be a copycat. Be be an be an original. Like just find out who you are and, and we got You. Please know, I know we got the black mothership. That's what we call The Breakfast Club. The black mothership Come to Black Mothership.


Thank you for coming Ashley. Yes, thank you. Enjoy this. Allison ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us. Thank you. We appreciate you. You on the night? Check on CNN. What time? I Am 10:00 PM Alright, well here you have it. It's The Breakfast Club, it's Ashley Allison, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess News is real hilarious. Just Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she don't nobody. World Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see.


It's time to shut it off. Okay Lauren, so Jim Jones was in Tokyo? Yep. He's, what was he Doing? He in Tokyo with Kanye or Ye and Justin Laboy and he's trying some new things out there. Okay, let's take a listen. No, okay, great. Jim Jones. I ain't smoking five days. I've been around here bouncing like a kid like I'm in high school. I definitely got that high school feeling. My body feel is pure in a minute. I was in the club dancing last night for like 45 minutes straight sweating, I'm out. Yeah. So this is, you know this happened after all of the Kim and Jim stuff that we had talked about and he went out there with Ye and he sat down with Justin on the board to do the interview or whatever. But Emini here, first of all, I wanna know what dances he was doing for 45 minutes.


That's number one. I can't imagine him Dancing Harlem. They only do two step. Okay. Because he'll gimme like a, it's not the Rocket hips on TikTok, it's not that. No He wasn't rock, he wasn't Harlem shaking and I'm sure he, all he did was the two step. I would like to see what type of fashion collaboration come from Jim Josie. Yeah though We are on our way to that. So Jim actually he, he announced while he was there prior to this video that he had been on the street while he was in New York and he was talking about like people having this like, like Aki gear or whatever and he picked it up and he talked about it but he basically said like now he's gonna make it like a brand of his own. And while he was in Tokyo with Ye, he talked a lot about like being a student. So he posted a caption, there's a photo of Justin, dang I forgot the photo. In another room there's a photo of Justin Laboy, Kanye and Jim Jones and Jim captioned it.


We out here playing Bully Ball. Only shot you don't make is a shot you don't take. So y'all know Kanye has a new project called Bully Coming. So they're working on that. But he says that he's actually a student and he's been a student for the past couple days that he's been out there with Kanye. He learned so much about, you know, different characters and just a bunch of different stuff. But there's a ton of clothing laying on the floor. Kanye is wearing a Dipset belt which is, you know, merch as well. So I'm assuming that they did have a conversation about merch because Jim did announce that he's gonna be doing something officially when it comes to like some sort of merch as well too. So I'm sure he's taking all that in 'cause Gigi just brought Kanye back. You know what Emini here. So That and music too. 'cause I know Jim is working on his album so I'm sure that he's doing production out there as there as well. I'm Sure. Yeah. He said that Kanye's album was crazy.


He, he told people don't drop because if y'all drop at the same time as Kanye it's gonna be a big problem. So I'm assuming he's gonna be on Bully as well too. And he said that Ye is back to the real Billy goat, pun intended. Okay, That's what's up. Yeah. So moving on Bronny James, so LeBron James' son Bronny James got some smoke recently. People were not, they weren't impressed. They brought him up from the G League. He played with the, the Lakers against the Sixers and the Lakers lost. They lost one And This was the game last night, right? Yes. Bronny seemed like he was a little, he was just a little nervous. Yo he, you know what I'm saying? Like he, he a little nervous. That's what I get from him. 'cause certain plays that where you expecting him to like go in and do something crazy.


He don't take it. He look like he want to but he don't want take it. He just, he play like he little, you know, he a little nervous, little intimidated I think though for, for Brody to be LeBron James's son. Of course we always talk about this like platform and the stage that people put him on. But because he's also still been playing in the G League at the same time, it brings the conversation up of should he stay in the G League or should he get those shots they, they get on the NBA floor. Let's take a listen to JJ Reddick and what he said after the game about Bronny. You know, just felt like on a back to back, just him giving us energy I think was the goal. You know, I maybe put him in a tough spot, you know, flying up yesterday and nationally televised game in Philly, all that stuff. It's, you know, he, he didn't play well but he's been playing great you know, in, in the state ready games and he is been playing great in the g so, And I, I have confidence in him but obviously didn't provide that at a high level.


Yeah, Bronny James isn't ready for the, for the NBA right now and everybody knew that when he got drafted we just loved his story. Right. Yeah. We loved that. You know, LeBron was able to make that happen for his his child but he Being able to play with his son. Yeah but he'll, he'll develop over time. But the G league, hopefully the league, the G League is there for him to get his reps in so he could get his games in and he's been doing amazing in the G league. The G league. So that's what usually happens when you do good in the G League. They pull you up when they need you and he just gotta show him proof. He had a bad game, people had bad games. Ain't nothing wrong with that. He gets cooked in there. Yeah he played, he played 15 minutes and didn't scored no points. I think they also had him up against some people that, you know what Emini here, like he Gets cooked in the NBA. That's fine. It's okay. He's young, he's developing, he gets cooked in the NBA Was it Tyse?


Maxey? Yeah, Tyree Maxey. That wasn't a good s that wasn't a good zone. That wasn't that not a good situation for him at all. He'd be all right, He will be all right. He'd be all right with or without the basketball. Exactly I was about to say but it's, he don't gotta do none of this honestly. And he'd still be fine dream Fulfilled already. Yeah but he wanna play though. I was very Sad. He Wanna play, he wanna play, he does play but it's like So this is your son coming up the court? No he didn't. If you LeBron, what advice do you he play but he ain't even score no points. I tell my son, keep working. I tell him keep God first, stay humble and keep working, keep working. But the dream is been fulfilled. The fact that he's dropping averaging what, 20 something points in the G league. The G league ain't no no lanes, he's not real good in the G League. Like the G League's are kids that's trying to get it to the league. So they're playing hard.


So the fact that he's balling in the G League, he'll be all right. He scored a season high of 31 points in the that G League game. He plays hard when he's in the NBA game. He just gets cooked. It's okay. Played against Tyrese, Maxey Him getting his stripes in re up. Well he's all right. He's scared though. He a little intimidated. Y'all Going see y'all just Gotta be honest and players gonna be going at his ass too 'cause they want to prove something too. Yeah, hundred percent. So you get a Little bit of that. Yeah he, he gonna have to go through all them bumps and bruises. Well speaking of games, super Bowl real quick. The Super Bowl dropped not the Super Bowl, I'm sorry Don Julio and Popeye's had this collaboration that they teased Don Julio and Popeye's. Exactly and that's what the people were saying like what is it about to come and it's gonna be real Sounds like A Zeus activity.


Exactly. So they finally released what the collab was going to be. So it's a championship lineup. They have rubber sole flavored Louisiana garlic wings, they have a spicy strawberry hibiscus flavored lemonade mock. I'm calling the police Jesus Christ calling. They have rep calling the police flavored contra roll chicken sandwich. There's no Don Julio in none of this. There's no real drinks. This sounds suspicious. Yeah, this Sounds crazy. No I don't like this in my neighborhood. Mm, It's for the Super Bowl and you know Popeye's is a Louisiana thing so that're leaning in right there but I just feel like there should have been some drinks somewhere. Like I don't get it. I'm stopping and frisking this whole campaign. Why high Popeyes and tequila Sounds wild. I don Julio in the That Sounds wild.


Well Emini here, if you are in Louisiana and you celebrating the Super Bowl, What DDI hire created this campaign. They put it in limited, limited edition menus and select us restaurants and it's landed in Nola, the home of Popeye's for the football's big for football's biggest games. I What? See what Popeye Popeye's. I would love to see what Popeye's they have in. I gotta see definitely the hood Popeye because I'm going down there. I gotta show the day before the the Super Bowl. Super Bowl and I'm going to the Super Bowl. Yeah so you gonna be outside? I'm gonna see, yeah, I'm gonna see. I'm going stop at the Popeye's. I guarantee you whatever Popeye's is doing that ice is running up in. I'm telling you that right now. Alright. Okay.


Alright Well that is just with the mess. Now when we come back we got the People's Choice Mix, get your request and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, Jess hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute from CNN Ashley Allison for joining us this mornings To Ashley. Allison. Man, you can check her out on CNNI watch her a lot when she's on Abby Phillips show at night at 10:00 PM you know, debating with some conservative. All right, so always interesting conversation. Yep. She was part of the Obama, she was also part of the Obama Biden administration and the Biden Harris campaigns senior staffer. So salute to her. All right, when we come back we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning.


Everybody's CJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Now Charlamagne, you got a positive Note? I do. I just wanna tell everybody too, man, thank you for always pulling up the Crystal and Orangeburg South Carolina man we really appreciate, you know, all the support and we, we got, I got more Crystal and my wife got more Crystal franchises opening up in the beautiful state of South Carolina. But you know, the Crystal and Orangeburg has doing, been doing very, very well. So thank you to everybody who's been pulling up 1486 Chestnut Street, Orangeburg, South Carolina. We are open 24 hours a day. I know y'all probably in line right now getting that good breakfast man. So thank you very much.


And the positive note is simply this, if you are there always for others, then in your time of need, somebody will be there for you. I wanna repeat that, okay? If you are there always for others and your time of need, someone will be there for you. I ain't saying it's the person that you that you there for. Okay? I'm just saying that somebody will be there for you. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi Arturo Castro. And I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your Podcasts.


The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too Much and women have quietly listened And all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.