
Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting Changes everything requires trade in of Galaxy, S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


DJ M, just hilarious. And Charlemagne, They're listening to The Breakfast Club. Thank y'all for being like cultural leaders by the family. The. Breakfast Club is Where people get the information on the topics, on the artists and everything Like that. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like you guys, let's watch. You're locked into the world's most dangerous morning show. More Dangerous than the Bronx If. you wanna break this club? You ain't gonna bring it. 120 minus gonna not come up here either. This what y'all grew up there. That's right. Get up out the beds and listen to the greatest show on Earth. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.


Jess is out. Lauren La Rose is feeling in. What up Lauren? Good morning y'all. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet. It's Thursday. Good morning. How y'all feel out now? I feel blessed black and highly favored, man. Happy to be here. Another day to serve. About to go into a holiday weekend. Somebody in this room already started their holidays. Yes, I did. She Goes by the name of LL Cool Bay. You look tired. All I got for y'all today is lashes and good skin. A little ruby was out on the lip. You was out. Sim sim had an event yesterday. First of all, SIM Sim is one of our producers up here. Yes, it was. It was called like a unlock or unplugged. It was called Unplugged. You right. I'm fine. True. You seem, When I first walked in this morning, all I heard was, I'm drunk.


I'm drunk. You still twisted. I performed better while under the influence. So wait, was you drinking? What? Was tequila Drinking or what? Wasn't you drinking Tequila? She, she started Mumbling. Then she started mumbling. She was like, I'm so glad I'm not ugly. Because ugly people got, they can't cut corners like I got you have. I like, what is she talking about? Because you need to do If. you, I didn't do a full face today, y'all. I ain't gotta lash or nothing there or nothing. I look amazing and I'm just happy to You know. What time Did you leave the club Lauren? The club. It's crazy. It was like Party was like a social lounge. Okay. What time was it? It was called the Social Unplug. It was, I got home at like midnight. And you this drunk at 6:00 AM I don't, I don't really know. I honestly don't know why You know All I amm.


I body You know Week Body metabolize that metabolize that alcohol. Like If it wasn't Sim Sim I wouldn't have went. But it was a great event when you came in. You had to give, like, you had to lock your phone. Well, you could keep it with you, but you had to put it away. I've never not had my phone for that long. I was panicking. But it worked out. Her last event. You didn't go to the last event? No. Her last event was like that too. You had to put your phone Away. It was fire. How many drinks You think you had? I had at least like five damn drinks. And then we did two shots in the last like hour. And I. Seven. That seven, that Seven. No, A shot ain't a drink. A shot ain't a drink. The shot is like an appetizer. Believe Christ. At least you responsible. You didn't drive into work. You had somebody drive you into work? I, Yeah. Okay. Thank God. 'cause I would, that Uber would've been crazy.


But why you only got one eye set of eyelashes on? I don't have, I, I don't have none on, she Have no eyelashes on. Oh, Maybe I got better MAs. Did my mascara better on this side? She only Did one. The left side is bald. Left side. You ain't got no edges when it comes to eyelashes. The other side. You got edges. That's Crazy. That's crazy. No, it is. I put more mascara on this side. Maybe I forgot to put it on the other side altogether. My listen thing, y'all. I'm here. Lord, You better fix up. I look good. No, you better fix up. 'cause my birthday's next week. And And what's that Gonna do with her? Because it's on a weekday. I was thinking about About that. On in. Yes. We going out. Honestly, I might just have to sleep here because I've done it many a times. It's, it's all good. I don't understand. There's three rooms back there. You could pick a room. I I'm, that sounded crazy.


Is there Shower Too? There ain't no shower. So you didn't shower when you slept here? No. Don't do little Bird bath baby wipes. Don't come in here and let me know you didn't shower. That's dirty. That's dirty. That wouldn't be nice for you. You've done it. You've Done it. I'm a man. I'm, yeah. Okay. All, well, let's get the show cracking. Tbo will be joining us this morning. She'll be checking in. Yes. Tbo will be checking in T bo from TLC, the legendary TLC. There's been a lot going on with her. We're gonna discuss that all with her this morning. And You know today's Michael Jackson's Birthday, the legend, the goat, the legend, the icon. The great Michael Jackson. Well, I don't believe touched any little boys. That song we Got Michael. That's right. I don't believe it. Radio Is so different than tv. Like you just said that out Loud.


That's right. I don't believe any of that. Am I late or did he just say that? He Said it. Yeah, you're lit. And he said that. I don't believe he did it. No. Let's play some Michael. All right, Let's go. What we Got. Legend. The icon. Now I want something else. No. What's wrong with Thata off? The one off the wall is fa what? This might be my favorite Of all time. You coulda did I I here either maybe. Nah. Drop one. A cruise bombs for off the wall. Are you crazy? No, you could couldn't do all that. I rock with this one. Turn up a little. Turn it up One. It's The Breakfast Club. Good on front page News. Next. Michael Jackson drop on a cruise box for Michael Jackson. Happy Birthday. Mike Jackson. Michael Jackson. Yeah. I don't believe he touched my n little boy. That's me. I mean, this is too much need Charlamagne de talking.


Ask Now. Alright. And Charlamagne just not today. Well, let's get in some front page news. Hey, come on to Morgan. Good morning. He, he. Okay, look right. Okay, Morgan. Alright. Y'all know. But seriously meta. CEO Mark Zuckerberg, he is admitting that the Biden administration pressured Facebook to censor Americans. He made the comments in a letter sent to the House Judiciary Committee earlier this week. That was on Monday. He said the administration leaned on the social media company to censor COVID-19 content and also acknowledged that it was wrong to block the coverage of Hunter Biden's infamous laptop. In the letter to the House Judiciary Committee chairman, representative Jim Jordan Zuckerberg wrote that Senior Biden administration officials, including the White House, repeatedly pressured meta to censor content related to Coronavirus pandemic in 2021.


And he said he regrets complying with certain demands. Now, Zuckerberg assured Jordan that Meta had put policies in place to ensure that similar censorship of stories does not happen again. Mm. Yeah. We are, we I heard about that earlier this week. I think we talked about it a little bit this week. We did. But it's it's still trending strong. Yeah. Like it's still trending on Twitter as if it just came out yesterday. People are really has, so they feel a way about this. I mean, Listen, I'm not for censorship. They should, I'm not for censorship at all. But it is nuanced. Right? Because I'm also not for the spread of misinformation. Misinformation. Correct. Especially in the case, in the case of Covid You. know when that misinformation is causing millions of people to die. But I'm, I'm not for government overreach You know, asking meta to censor certain content. I don't like that. That's not freedom.


It's not freedom of speech. But if the administration was reaching out to say a lot of the things that are on meta aren't accurate and it's calling people to do things that are hurting themselves to others, then I can understand them asking Mark to monitor certain content. Absolutely not to censor it. Absolutely. That was also, so speaking of political things going on, Kamala Harris is under Republican scrutiny for including her VP pick in her first interview since announcing her run for President Arkansas. Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who was also served in the Trump administration claims Democrats think Harris can't handle a one-on-one interview. Let's hear more from Huckabee Sanders. It's clear that her own team and her own party thinks she needs a babysitter. And that's why they're putting her vice presidential nominee on the stage with her so that he can step in and answer questions.


They know that Kamala Harris can't get through an interview all by herself. Yeah. So Republicans also question why the interview needs to be pre-taped. Harris and Minnesota Governor Tim Balls are set to sit with CNN tonight. Tonight, for Tonight. I can't wait to watch And I with, with Dana B 9:00 PM I totally disagree with whoever that was talking, man. 'cause You know this isn't a traditional campaign because of the short window. She has, like, she has to go out there and leave You know no stone unturned. But it's like, yo, this is her first interview. Why not do it with her vice president when you only got what, 68, 68 days left? That a lot of people might not know exactly that. They're just finding out about it. Absolutely. So it does make sense. Yeah. All Eyeballs gonna be on them. Let that, let them see that package the first time.


I don't see a problem. Wait, that comes on at nine o'clock. Nine o'clock. So I gotta stay Nine o'clock tonight. Yep. You'll be sober by that. Hopefully she might keep going Unless you got something to do after the show. No, She got a brunch. No. A, A brunch. Okay. Alright. Well that is front page news. Me the brunch news. No, no. Girl, You gonna take your Ass away? I thought y'all wanted to take me to brunch. Okay. All right. Sorry Morgan. She's a little twisted this morning. She went out last night, so she's a little, that's All good. We'll talk more on the next topic. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest.


Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's going on man? This is re what's happening? Re good morning. Where you calling from? Jacksonville, Florida. But I am not from Jacksonville. Good, Good. But If, you If you drinking the water, you're gonna end up crazy just like them. Nah, not even close. I got a problem with you and envy man. Yes, sir. You guys are applies is an apology. Wow. The way you come, the way you guys made that comic scene was not what he said. What did he say? He used the word if he said If, you are a black man who have, who want Kamala Harris to explain herself.


But you do not, you haven't said the same thing about Donald Trump. Then basically hit the door is what he said. He didn't say that for everybody. He didn't say that. Everyone needs to explain themselves or that I have the, I have the exact quote. He said, black men who look like me are quick to ask. If Kamala wants my vote, she needs to explain herself to me what she's gonna do for black people. Stop asking the mother f-ing black woman to explain herself to you. If y'all ain't willing to ask the mother fing white man, the mother f-ing explain himself now. I don't have no problem with, there you go. No, listen. I don't. There you go. No, listen. I don't have no problem with ply. I have a problem with that beginning statement. Black men who look like me. You Said If. you are a black man that looks like me. That you Kamala to explain yourself, but you If you don't want Donald Trump to explain himself.


Then he got a problem with you, brother. He didn't say If. you don't, he said, black men who look like me are quick to ask. If Kamala wants my vote, she needs to explain herself to me what she's going to do for black people. My brother, we should always question all politicians. And in it campaign season, You know what she's gonna be doing at nine o'clock tonight on CNA. Yeah. But he, he quantified what he was talking about and who he was referring to. And I Disagree. She's, you can't generalize with all You know. You don't have to disagree with me. You, you don't have the reason to disagree with me. I'm just telling you exactly what he said. Exactly what he said. Exactly what people said he did. He quantified what he said. And who was score That he did not. Exactly. He didn't. You Just said it, bro. You just said it. He said, black men who look like me. So only Kirk Franklin.


Yo. They do. Oh My God. You think they look alike two, right? Yes. Okay. I'm making sure I'm not just drunk. Who Lookalike And. I. Don't wanna I don't wanna put that all onlies. It's not a it is not applies thing. It wasn't applies Bashing. Not at all. This is how we think that we should be talking to our politicians. We should be able to ask 'em what we want and, and question 'em on anything. And all politicians should be out there explaining their positions. What You know what she's gonna be doing on CNN Tonight with Tim Walls explain explaining herself and her positions to the American people as she should is campaign season. Hello? Who's this? Hey, Eric. Eric, what's up? Where you calling from? Albany, Georgia. Albany. Georgia. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Yeah man. I think we should keep Lauren and she, she, she, it she, that thing.


You think Chelsea's drunk. What's wrong with That? I say I think, I think we should keep Lauren, We heard you. He might. Oh, I thought you said I I thought you said, I thought you said she was drunk. Nah. No. What You got against the Don Don Don Julio. What you got against it? You never heard That song? I like CAAs. I like, I like Casa Dragus. That's my tequila choice. CAA Dragones is Amazing but You know Jess. Jess hilarious is on maternity leave You. know what I mean? So she'll be back shortly. I don't think Lauren, I don't think Lauren going nowhere. Lauren, you wanna go somewhere? I told y'all a long time ago. Y'all need to keep me so I'm here. Okay, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit this up now it's The Breakfast Club. Morning. Wake up. Wake up.


Wake your As. This is your time to get it off your chest. Mad or blessed? We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? Good morning. Good morning Envy, Solone and Lauren. How are you? Good morning. What's your name? This Is, this is Obi from Watch her Win Ooma. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Ooma. I'm just calling and say send positive vibes out there. Hey, I haven't called down in a while. Also, I want users like your NY New York users, if they follow or show in and send me their email. I have some job information that I can just send a blast out to people. I know people are still looking for jobs and stuff.


Also, y'all have been having some really good topics, but yesterday, yeah, y'all talked about like divide because of the election this year. And it's not just with like people in your house. It's like with friends. Oh wow. I had somebody like go back and forth with me on Instagram, like somebody I know because he wanted to know why I was voting for Kamala. And he actually said, well, Trump does what his people want. I And I told him, I said no. I said no, the people do what Trump wants once, so it it's really not like that. But it's just, it's not just Was he black? Like no. Yeah, he was Black You know what you should have told.


You should have said, Hey You know you ain't one of Trump's people. Right. Oh, okay. Oh, I went back and forth and, but You know at the end of the day I told him, I said, you gotta be the change that you wanna see. I said, it's, it doesn't start with the presidency. I said, go, go to your local politician, knock on that deal. Tell them what you want. And after that he just was like, well, goodbye, goodbye You. know what I'm saying? Oh Lord. I ain't arguing with nobody. I don't care who people choose to vote for. My biggest thing You know is just the, the misinformation like If, you going If you gonna vote for somebody? Let's vote for them based off some some actual factual things. Not something that you heard on Facebook. People Voting because of a similar shit. That's why they vote That that's a tangible Misinformation.


A lot of it too. A lot of us. That's why. Hello? Who's this Morning? Morning Breakfast Club. This is Travis calling in from white Atlanta, Nashville. Hey, I love Nashville man. I'll be back in Nashville this year for our thriller possibility Summit with Nissan. I plan on being there for that envy. I see you this weekend at the, at the car show in Memphis. My brother, Well we, we, we done sent that a whole thing that we, we actually pushed that car show back to May reason being is the venue, the venue that we had it at. It was a couple reasons, but the main venue is, is the venue is fully carpeted and You know the BMX exhibitions and they can't ride on the carpet. And if one of those cars have a oil leak on that carpet, it could be, it could be pretty bad. So we had to push it back. Gotcha. Okay. Okay.


Good morning Miss London LaRosa. Good morning. How are you? I'm doing good. I'm doing good. I just wanted to say for one, I hope y'all have a great day. Thank you for starting off with that. Michael Jackson. Y'all got me in the mood this morning. Great. Alright, Well thank you Michael. Not Touched them little boys. My goodness. And yes, today is Michael Jackson's birthday. Eight hundred five eight five one oh five one If. you do want to get it off your chest. And let me salute to Shavon from Bayonne, New Jersey. Shavon came to my car show about what, two weeks ago and she was one of the winners of a vehicle. And yesterday she picked up that vehicle. So, so Oh, The one Who won the lease? Yes. She won the Equinox. She won Equinox yesterday, two year lease of an Equinox.


So she was very happy. She has three kids, two, two boys and one girl. And, and one of those kids are gonna be driving that car. So she was super duper excited. She listens to every morning. So Good morning Yon. Congrats. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. Now when we come back, we got Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. What we talking about? Yes, we are talking about a lil baby. So there is video, it's not body cam, it was a bystander that got some video of his arrests and we also spoke to his attorney. So I have some updates. Alright, we'll get into that next. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and let's get to Jessica. Mess with Lauren LaRosa News Is real weather Hilarious.


Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So we are sending some love to Irv Gotti who suffered a stroke. So yesterday the news broke that Irv Gotti suffered a stroke. Wack 100 was on a podcast and he revealed the news on a podcast. Let's take a listen. Yo, they been keeping up Nothing to rap, huh?


With old Irv Gotti. What happened with Irv? Oh, oh my god. Here's what it is. I hadn't already said this. Irv Gotti had a stroke. Oh damn. Hey, I'm gonna let y'all see what it looked like. You got the picture? I got everything. I got day, I got the guy down there at the stroke Recovery center. This going to y'all up there he go. Heard Gotti had a stroke. You see the walker and all that. Lost a lot of weight. Think this came from the worker at the Mother Rehabilitation Center. I thought I didn't check Google. Well, broke on the Hyundai side. Y'all. What should I do on the, just put pray for Irv Gotti. I think that's, yeah. Pray for him.


Take the high road. I don't think you should disclose anybody's health status before they do. And You know. I think, I think you could possibly sue for that, right? Well if there's somebody in the, in the, in the hospital. I was about to say, this is why we need journalists in the room because the first thing I heard when I heard that was, wow, hipaa. hipaa. Absolutely. You should never reveal, first of all, you shouldn't have reveal a source anyway. But to say that someone from the center gave you a photo, that's definitely a HIPAA violation. And so when he gets sued, they gonna call Wack in as well because they gonna want to know where Wack got the information from. He'll be, he'll be part of the lawsuit. He said it was a guy and, and he's on tape. Anyway, let's get into the Irv Gotti stuff 'cause, but yeah, I thought all that's too, so yeah. So after this audio came out or the video of this came out, Irv Gotti's team then had to release a statement.


So basically they're saying that he did suffer a stroke. They said that the stroke was minor even though there is the photo of Irv Gotti walking with the cane. And they said that this happened over six months ago. They talked about how Irv Gotti deals with diabetes and has been dealing with diabetes for some years now. And because of the diabetes, it triggered a stroke and he's had to change his diet since. And now he's home with family. But Irv Gotti has talked a lot about dealing with diabetes and just how difficult it is to kind of upkeep everything that comes with it, including his diet. Let's take a listen to that. That's the thing where people be like, who's rampant with black people? It's dangerous. It's dangerous though. Alright. And and what it does is it starts deteriorating in your body.


Alright, so And, and you good? Like it got it under control? No. Oh wow. Oh wow. You okay. Because when you been diagnosed, or this is a recent thing. I've been diagnosed with diabetes forever. It usually because this is like the smallest I've ever seen you. Like its hereditary. Yeah. Okay. I've been diagnosed with diabetes. You have to do insulin. Time to time. Not all the time, but time to time. Okay. Okay. When my number gets too high shot. Ah, Take care of yourself, brother. Take care of yourself, sisters. Yep. That's all I can tell you. And Irv Gotti actually released a statement. He said, I'm getting older. That's all. The only thing worse than getting old is not getting old. Life is good.


And You know there are some outlets making note that Irv Gotti's children were upset with the way that whack 100 announced the condition. Because You know it's a personal thing. It's personal Absolutely. To us. He's Irv Gotti, but to them he's Dad You know. So yeah. But it, it has also been revealed too that because of all of the health conditions and things that he's been dealing with, that Irv Gotti has lost some weight in all of the situations. So You know, just praying that he, he gets better. I saw that happen before, by the way, when I used to work with Wendy Williams. Wendy Williams announced You know that somebody was in the hospital or somebody was sick. Hey, hey.


Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the


funk. Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go. Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut. Help available for problem gambling? Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


And she got the information from the doctor and the hospital. So when that lawsuit came, she was included in the lawsuit because they wanted to know who from the hospital gave her the information. Information 'cause she said it came from The hospital. You're not supposed to say that. Yeah, you're not supposed to do that man. hipa. hipa, hipaa but yeah so sending him some prayers his way. Get well soon. Lil baby. You guys remember we had reported earlier this week that little baby was arrested in Vegas. Yes. Well now there has been some video. This is not the body cam video. This is video that was taken by a bystander that was there at the hotel when he was being arrested in Vegas. Let's take a listen to Lil Baby being arrested. Eric I 20 bed, call the number.


Fuck I secure black guy. Call the number for me. Lock me up for a gun. But I got license. Security. Security. Your job I give you 200 bands a year. I swear to God Security I give 200 bands a year. You don't make 200 bands here. Hey late my my check. My check leave at nine Wreck my leg James party birthday And I show. Yeah, yeah. It's a birthday. We came here for his birthday. Came here. I came here myself. So I have, if I go, if I go to jail with a gun, make sure y'all check me good. Nah check me good. I got a gun in my check on the, I got a gun. Check me, I got a gun.


All y'all let me in that car. Seven y all when I get the car. Alright. I told you I got a gun. Translate for me Lauren. I don't speak nigga like I used to. First of all, if I was at he told the security guard. 'cause as they're arresting him he's like Hey security. The black security guard called his number for me 'cause they arrested me. I guess the security guard said I can't do it 'cause I'm at work. He said I'll pay you 200 bins or something like that. If I was that guard I would've walked to go tell the person he was telling me to call. Like I, I'm taking that money. That's what he Want. What he was asking the guard to call somebody for probably Call his lawyer. You know. Yeah probably call his lawyer his his manager Somebody. But You know everything in Vegas is on camera. So if he would've did that, took that money, that 200,000 would've been his last.


Well I just wanna say, so I spoke to Drew Finland. I wanted to call him to kind of get some clarity. His attorney, his attorney, little babys Attorney. You spoke to him yourself. Were you drunk when you called Him? No, this was yesterday. Okay. But if, if I was Drew was the homie, he would, he would've accepted me anyway. Okay. But I spoke to Drew, drew Finland and he told me that at the time they still don't really know a lot of the narrative around why all of this happened. However, what he told me was that little baby does have a permit to carry and Georgia and there are 32 states where he can take this gun too. Oh. But Vegas is not one of them. Oh unfortunately for little baby. But from what I'm gathering, maybe little baby thought that he could take the gun there because you hear him in the video say I have a license and he's telling him to get the gun.


So he was very confident that he wasn't doing anything illegal. Yep. But there are police sources that are saying that they were told or they were called to come and get little baby because on camera in the casino or in the Encore they saw someone hand, little baby the gun. So they came, they investigated and then they arrested him. He was locked up 5K Bail And I was told that from Drew Finland, his attorney, that he was bailed out almost instantly. So he didn't get to see a judge. Which is why a lot of the information probably hasn't come out yet. But that Could have been way worse if they knew he had a gun on him already when they Hello? When they stopped him and They did that. But I, And that's why you gotta know the gun laws, right? Because when they say Hey you can carry a gun in 32 states, you better check what state You Know which state it. The thing is a, it's a app right? And the app is called let me go to the app just so people do know If you.


Well you can Carry your gun.com. CCW is the app and what app? My gun Go no com gun Go. And what the app does, it tells you the states that recognizes your permit. So for instance, he has it in Georgia. He's able to carry in 35 states. 30, 35 states or Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Florida. You not gonna name on 35? We just know it's not Vegas. But it's not, it's not Nevada. It's not Nevada. It's not California. It's not Oregon. It's not Washington state. It's not New Hampshire. Which ain't crazy 'cause he was going to California after he says it on the jet. So that would've been he He coulda got in trouble there too. Right? What if After he said I got the what If you what? After he said I got the gun in my nuts. What if the cop would've took it and sniffed it? Okay. Yeah. Alright. That was just with the mess with Lauren la Yeah And.


I did reach out to law enforcement sources. So we will have an update on the narrative for you guys soon. Would you have sniffed it? Nevermind. When we come back we have front page news and then TBOs will be joining us from TLC. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. He kinky. Were you jealous? No, I Wasn't jealous. Oh, you just wanted to to know I didn't The barrel The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Solaris Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren the Rosa filling in for Jess. And let's get back in some front page news. What up Morgan? Yeah, let's do it. So Republican vice presidential nominee JD Vance. Now he says prices for everyday goods will continue to rise if Kamala Harris is elected president. In November, the Ohio Senator made the comments while speaking in Erie, Pennsylvania hit and said that policies on electric vehicles will create higher costs that will impact Americans in many different areas of their lives.


Andy accused the VP of mimicking Trump's policies. Let's hear more from vice presidential hopeful. JD Vance. Do you think car prices are bad? Wait until Kamala Harris makes everybody buy a Chinese made electric vehicle. And you think housing prices are bad? Wait until Kamala Harris makes it impossible for our truckers to get construction materials to the house building site And If. you look at her campaign the past week and a half, she pretends that she agrees with Donald J. Trump on every issue. She is running a copycat campaign. And I said Mr. President, I think I figured out what's going on. She wants my job. Actually I think you want her job. But let's line up that other audio from Vance. The Republican VP hopeful JD Vance also spoke about Trump's recent charges in the January 6th election interference case.


Let's hear more on that from JD Vance. I think it's clearly an effort to try to do more election interference from Jack Smith. He should be ashamed of himself and it's one of the reasons why we have to win. 'cause he should not be anywhere near power. So of course this comes after the Supreme Court ruled last month, that Trump is entitled to immunity from criminal prosecution from official acts in office. What were you gonna say Charlamagne? I Was gonna say about the copycat copycat campaign thing. I mean if if the issues are the issues, right? Right. Like if the issues are the economy, if the issues are the border like Right. Wouldn't both of them be talking about similar things? Yes. How is that copycat issues? Like all I want is an American is to have more money in my pocket and to feel safe. Right? Wouldn't they both be talking about those things?


And It should be bipartisan, it should be You know for the people. You know I Yeah, absolutely. I agree with you. Speaking of Because the border bill, the border ain't gonna get fixed unless it's a bipartisan You know situation. So I don't A lot of things, a lot of things won't. And student loans are one of them. If, you sign for the save student loan forgiveness program. Listen up. The Supreme Court is declining to reinstate the Biden administration's effort to attempt to cancel student debt for millions of Americans. The high court said no to a request from the Justice Department to lift an order from an appeals court that blocked the save plan. Now the court added it expects the court of appeals to render its decision in a timely manner. The Department of Education paused any loan payments for borrowers enrolled in the program earlier this month, but expect that those payments will resurface.


Yes. They're coming back. And a new report is detailing the rationale for paying reparations to black Americans living in Los Angeles. The LA Civil and Human Rights and Equity Department and its reparations. Advisory Commission released the report on Tuesday. Now it provides historical and contemporary context for the harm faced by LA's black population due to systemic racism and oppression stemming from America's early years of slavery. The report also acts as a guide for lawmakers to come to a final decision about future reparations. I like that. Right? We wanna see those represent. I left LA too soon. You said LA moving fast. No, I Left too soon. She left LA too soon. You left too soon.


Now here. Well, speaking about being there, meanwhile in New York, New York is mar marking a milestone in a few different things. It's cracked down in illegal marijuana shops. Mayor Adam said, since Operation Padlock began four months ago, a multi-agency task force has shut down more than 1000 unlicensed shops. Let's hear from Mayor Adams on the cannabis crackdown. There are no barriers or boundaries that those who are selling these illegal products would do to attract our young people. Particularly the colorful packaging. This prevents our landfills from being filled, but it also prevents illegal cannabis from going to our landfills.


Now it's a continuing inspections. We have to stay on top of this because there are so many people who would like to participate in this illegal endeavor. But we are focused on this. He's specifically talking about selling cannabis illegally. But just to, for the record, cannabis is legal in New York, correct? It is. And what I don't understand is, man If, you going to take the time and the energy to open up an a legal store and You know go get this illegal product to sell out of this store. Why not take that time and energy in really just trying to go out there and get your license? Sometimes it's the money too. It's The money takes money. The process is, The process takes. Sure. But why? But why spend all that time and energy doing something illegal that You know is gonna just get you arrested when you can just at least, at least give yourself a legal shot to do it.


If, you can spend all that time and energy going through that process, setting up an illegal shop and all of that. Do that and to get a license Easy for some people, I think You know how, how difficult it is to get a license and how, you definitely know how expensive it is to get a license. I mean, some of it, it takes over a hundreds of thousand dollars to get a license to get store. But most of these barber don't have nowhere near that. Sure. So it's not like they could just say, You know what I'm gonna file file for a license too. It's a boys club. Like it's about, sometimes it's about who You know depending on the process of your licensing. Sure. But why take, why take all that. Why I spend all that time and energy setting up something illegal that's just gonna cost you on the back end. I understand Sick You know why it's gonna cost you on the back end because it gonna cost you money with a lawyer once you have get locked up. It's gonna cost you time when they throw your ass in jail.


Like it just, it's just more Than somebody gets sick can do the wrong Thing. And You know what they're going to a, a cannabis con convention in LA and there people, there're telling people to stay black market because of the way that the government is taxing On. And that, and that's another thing. It's it's more cannabis expensive. It's a lot to it. Yeah. The the the amount of of prices for pounds of went up because the, the, the government is taxing so high. So it shouldn't be do it the right way. It should be like maybe that's not the business for you because a lot of people can't get into that business because it's too expensive and you're not. But, but it is the business for you If. you can do it the right way. If. you can afford to do it it the right way. Do it the right way. Can I borrow some money to do it the right way? And then If, you spend the money then you guarantee that you can get, you can spend a hundred thousand dollars and not get your license. That's right. Right? Yes.


I know We got, I I just wanted y'all to know we got a dispensary opening up in Newark, New Jersey. It's called Astoria. 7 9 9 Broad Street You. know what I mean? SLU through the Good Brother Ray, the chef Akari Sellers. Who up? My man Jed. My man Josh. We we will be open this year. There you go. Shout out to Bricks. I got family out there. What's up? All right, well that is Page news. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Yeah. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, make sure you check out the Black Information Network and BIN news.com. Alright, Everybody else when we come back, TBOs from TLC will be joining us. We're gonna be kicking it with TBOs so don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club of course. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got a special guest on the Zoom this morning. Ladies and gentlemen, we have TBOs welcome. How are you feeling? I am feeling great. Thank you. I know everybody's like, how can she? No, I feel good though. I did just get out the hospital three days ago though. Yeah, You know. You've been hearing all the news about You know, I guess I don't know If you call it a health scare. A health issue. So You know Honestly I would've never told nobody. And I hate people being in my business. There's plenty of times I've been in the hospital for sickle cell And, I don't tell 'cause I don't like all this attention. Although I do wanna say thank you for all those who have prayed for me and You know asked about me.


I appreciate that. But I just wanted to clarify since it was out there. I guess they had to tell people because I missed shows for insurance reasons and the promoter and stuff like that. I just think it was a little bit too detailed and then now not enough details. So what happened to me could happen to anyone. What happened was I was feeling totally fine. I had got to Syracuse, New York off the plane. I ate something so that's why I thought I had food poisoning. My stomach felt like if the incredible Hawk took it and just said ho smash, like it was an unbearable thing. It was like I couldn't stand up, I couldn't talk, I couldn't walk. And when the doctor came to see me to prove that I was sick, he immediately was like she has to go in and admit her.


I got there and they were talking about going on the surgery side. I'm like, hold up. Wait a minute. What? So what happened was is I had a C-section 24 years ago. So this can happen to any man who has had abdominal surgery. Any woman who has had a C-section or fibroid cyst removal, anything done to your abdominal that causes adhesions, which is scar tissue. So your small intestines move around. It had nothing to do with constipation. No, I'm not on ozempic. No it had nothing to do with sickle cell. It was just merely scar tissue. Hit my lower intestine and kinked it and blocked it off. Wow. And it moved and healed itself and un kinked.


That's how easy it was. But this is something people die from. It's very serious. Some people have to have some of their colon or intestines removed or scar tissue and many have died from this. It's not diverticulitis. I've seen a lot of people trying to diagnose me You. know what I'm saying? Everybody was a doctor all of a sudden. But yeah, so I said so since my business is out there, let me turn this into an educational thing and let people know this is really a thing. 'cause I had no idea. The doctor said he's had 80 year olds who have 50-year-old surgeries and this can happen. It can happen to anyone at any time. And then most cases it heals itself like mine did. And I'm three days out, I'm already working again.


I leave Friday for my next show already I'm back up and without 'em. There's no pains right now or anything like that. Like you're not in pain, no pains, nothing. Wow. Nothing at all. I'm eating normal diet. The first three days were testing, they put me on IV fluid pain meds. A medication called Bento for stomach spasms. 'cause that's what what hurt so bad is the vomiting and the spasms. It was like 10 times more than a childbirth contractions like And I can't even, that's why I said I have to say Hulk smash 'cause that's the only thing I could think of. Somebody strong just ripping your stomach like that And.


I never knew that your stomach could even hurt like that You know. But what was disheartening to me was just like reading some of the jokes and stuff. Oh she just needs to poop y'all. Nothing's funny about people fighting for their life or having surgery. Other loved ones have died from this. Nothing's funny about people's health. And I just also it irritates me that anything that happens to me, it's like, oh You know she got them Sickle cells. No, I'm ion Watkins. I just happen to have a disease but it's not who I am and all that I am and everything not associated with Sickle Cell. Everybody. Yeah, we've heard that. That's what I, I mean that's what I thought. I I didn't express that but I just said to myself, I just assumed it was the sickle cell.


But I'm I'm sure when you first started feeling Ill You know your body and you've experienced You know sickle cell before. So I I You knew immediately this was something different. Yeah, it was something different with sickle cell. I can't even tell y'all like I just got out the hospital the week before last from a crisis. Like people, I don't share this at all. I I keep my private private 'cause I don't even like all this attention. I don't You know what I'm saying? And I never tell when I'm in the hospital, y'all knew how many times I've been there. Shit, we'd be having these interviews every, every other month You know what I mean? Because there's no cure. And I still deal with it. But I just wanna clarify that every time somebody hears something about me, they just instantly think it's my sickle cell.


And that's just not true. I just want people to know this can happen to all y'all. Like any and everybody like this happens to men all the time. I know a couple of men who have died from it. Yeah, this happens. I just never knew it could happen from Adhesions You know from Star Tissue. Did you Back at people, I've seen you clapping back a lot. Did you feel like you had to answer these people? I seen people saying that the kid, the show should be canceled. You should leave the group but you were clapping back like you, it really bothered you what people were actually saying about you. Yeah. That's who the hell are you to tell me to quit my damn job Life is life. Life comes with stuff like life ain't easy but you don't never hear me complain. I don't get on stage and say I just came from the ambulance. I did our HBO special straight from the ambulance out the hospital and went right back.


But you ain't never heard me complain. I ain't never said nothing You know what I'm saying? But If, you work hard for something and you like what you do. Who are you to tell me to stop my stomach issue? Didn't have anything with me stopping my career. I'm not stopping chili from going on doing what she wants to do solo or anybody else. You know what I'm saying? It it, it's not stopping anything for anybody but me. And if I am okay, I'm not stupid. I'm not gonna go out there and kill myself for no one and no nothing. That's why the show was canceled 'cause I knew better. I can't do it. I know how to say I can't do it, but I love performing. It's in my heart, it's in my soul. I'm gonna do it. But when it's time to stop then I'll stop.


Then I will stop You know what I'm saying? But I know what my body can do. And I know what I can't do. And anything you want in life, the way I look at it, I was dealt these cars. I was born this way. So I don't know any different. So for me, I knew I had to do and go the extra mile to do what, what I wanna do. But this is what I want. So then I I do that. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna do that 'cause this is what I wanna do and this is what I chose. So okay. I do a lot more than your average artist to get up there. But I chose this life and, and and and that's something I knew that I would have to deal with. But when it's time for me to sit my black behind down, trust me. I do. I do. All right. We got more with TBOs from TLC when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with t Bobs from TLC Lauren. So you going back out on the road that you said with Friday? Friday This Friday. This Friday and then This Friday. I'm not on tour though y'all, I'm just doing spot date. Got you. I do a couple and come right back. Got you. Do you guys have a idea of when the, the Connecticut and the Syracuse show will be rescheduled? It's October. I just rescheduled one today. October 25th. Gotcha. So don't hold me to that 'cause You know things happen but that's what we're talking about. And. I just okay it today. Tbo we grown as hell. Now is it harder to tour as you get older?


Do you want to even leave the house? You see us Usher child, it's hard for everybody. Hell, everybody out here getting hurt You know what I'm saying? So the average person touring is hard. Yeah. Like don't, don't you ain't gotta have a disease to take a break or get an injury. It is hard out here. My dances be broke down at 20 You. know what I'm saying? So no, I ain't gonna lie. Like yeah, things are harder. That's why I'm gearing up to retire probably next year it would be my last. So if y'all wanna come C-T-L-C-I, I suggest you do it now. 'cause I'm not gonna be doing this much longer 'cause I am 54, but I'm blessed. I was told I wouldn't live past 30. I'm 54 still on stage selling out arenas in, in, in, in stadiums.


Like come on man. Traveling The, World. This is like a dream and, and something that I, I prayed for and God gave it to me. So when God and my body says it's time to stop, then I will stop. I ain't crazy like You. know what I'm saying? So I'm not going to kill myself doing it.


Hey, hey Gavin Round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heights baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scene. You have the great Outdoors Plus with an available toying capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Yes. First of all, you And. I don't dance as much as I used to. I wanna put that out there. Like I know how to So you Only dropped down just a little bit? Yeah. I I I ain't up there. I still got it. I ain't Eddie Kane in it. You know, like, nice like this. I ain't out here. You know. How'd You know it was time to retire? You just said the word retire and it kind of made my heart drop a little bit. Like what made you, is it just because time from touring? Got you. Okay. You got it clear. Okay. Because when you said that, I was like, hold on, Wait, no, I ain't going nowhere. Okay. I'm still gonna be doing other things, but retire from touring because it is hard on your body. And because I have sickle cell, I don't wanna, when it's time to spend time with my children, I don't want to You know, be like broke down.


Benny You know to it from the flow up. No. So I'm gonna stop and, and and do other things so I can spend more time with my children and stuff like that. You know what I'm saying? So I'm gonna do the right thing. I have learned how to pace myself on stage. What does your children say? What does your daughter, I know you have a 22 or 23-year-old, so she knows what it is. What does she say? Does she say, mama, sit your ass down. What does Your daughter say? Yeah, mom, don't go on no more tours. Forget all that you gave your life to these people. Stop 32 years. So I said You, know what? You're right. I have 32 years I've given to y'all. I'm, I'm done. I just wanna end it the right way. Kind of like how Michael Jordan went out. I gave it to you. And I wanna bow out gracefully the right way. That's all. So I wanna do like You know a bye-bye and thank you for this lovely career and your support.


And then you'll see me doing other things. But just You know it is hard on my body. I have a, a torn meniscus that I, I've had a bad knee for like 20 something years. And, I'm gonna finally go ahead and have surgery on. I kept juicing it up with steroids, but it's really doing more damage because You know you can't feel the damage but it's there. So I think that You know I write movie scripts. I, I executive produce movies. I produce You know. So I wanna get into some of my other passions and I'll probably come out with some more music. But just dancing all over the place. It took a lot. And I'm not gonna lie 'cause I'm a dancer by heart. It took a lot for me to learn how to pace myself on stage.


'cause I see somebody and I'm competitive. I wanna go get it You know what I'm saying? I'm like, oh you trying me? Are you trying to outdo me? You know. So I wanna just dance. But I, everybody will tell. You'll take it easy 'cause I don't have nothing to prove. Everybody know I could dance and you can't lose that. I hate when people be like, she still got it girl, I'm never gonna lose. I'm always have that. My body care just don't allow. What Dance is harder to do right now? The creep dance or the waterfalls Dance? Neither one. Those are easy. It's all get out. I could do that in my sleep out the hospital bed while I'm having a sickle cell crisis. The ones that are hard are the ones that you're down on your knees and stuff like that. Only because my right knee, my my left knee, I could still get down there now You know, but my right knee is just torn from all the damage.


It's just like being an athlete. It's wear and tear. You know I wanted, I wanted to know You know you, you're saying that you might retire and it's almost over as far as touring is concerned. Do you feel like TLC gets the credit in everything that they deserve for as much as you guys have done and how you've changed the game, the sex talk that you guys have You know started and those conversations. Do you feel like you get the respect and You know just do that you guys deserve From the older audience? Who knows, but from the youngsters they have no idea. You know what I'm saying? I mean, but You know. I don't, I don't look for praise. I know what I do. But I did a glad commercial recently. You know and You know a product deal and in our world that's a big deal. You know what I'm saying?


It's just funny. The talkers thought differently. They thought it was, I was embarrassing myself. They said it was as bad as when Mary did Burger King. I was like, what commend it? Like, but anybody who got common sense knows that that's a billion dollar company dummy. Right? You're crazy. And that that check for that 32nd little dance is good. Boo boo. Right? And I'm not doing it for the money, but it's glad. Don't we all have GLAAD and Clorox in our house? Don't you use trash bags? Ain't nothing wrong with that. That's the great thing from where we're from. We all try to get product deals. I wish I coulda got 'em earlier on. So you gonna see me doing more products, honey? All Right. We're still kicking it with TBOs from TLC this morning.


Everybody. We all The, Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with TBOs from TLC Charlemagne. Is there a part of you that feels like you, you, you, you might be trying to make up for lost time because of all the money y'all didn't make when y'all was younger? No, because You know everything happens for a reason. I'm not making up for lost time, I'm just doing what makes sense You. know what I'm saying? I really do use Glad Trash bags. And I, And I. I have a whole bunch of Clorox products in my house and I've always wanted a brand deal. That's the big deal. You know what I'm saying? I used to look at Ludacris and other people like, oh he got a Chase Bank commercial. Oh he got a You. know what I mean? That's like major And children don't know that You know what I'm saying? They don't understand business. And I also don't like when people go, oh it's just TC Now when you work hard for something and you bought your name a million dollars per letter honey, and you work for that name, whether she's physically here or not, we will always be And I will always have that name TLC 'cause it belongs to us and we own it there.


A million dollar per letter, A million dollars per letter to Buy back the name TLC Honey to buy back the name TLC For who? From You know from her. We ain't gonna say don't you say it, don't you say It. Got you. Don't get Nobody no time. Child You know who it was and You know. I Didn't know people be trying to to take the L out. I've never seen anybody do that. It's just the, it's just the youngsters. It's kind of sad. It's like, who's raising y'all? Like my kids don't think like that. It's just, I I really baffled like by some of these comments. Like, 'cause usually it like comments don't bother me. Y'all can say what you want. Like you don't hinder my day one way or the other. It's just sad because it's our culture. It's our You know our our our future that's talking here and they're like cuckoo for Conco pops and they have no common sense.


And it's embarrassing. I'm embarrassing myself. No, you're embarrassing yourself sweetie. You have no idea. Retard, TBO. Listen, lemme tell you something, I-I-I-I-I, I got my, my little niece, so I call her my niece. Nyla is what? 28, 29. She loved TLCI mean she Oh wow. She's swears by y'all and she's like one of the most popping DJs out here right now. So I I I think you gotta give yourself a little bit more credit when it comes to that young generation. 'cause they really do look at y'all What some of 'em do. You're right. Yeah, you're right. So it's not everybody. It's just, I think it's just ones on social media. It wasn't even Instagram or Twitter, it was just the talkers. Yeah. I don't know You know. But I'm not gonna let nobody take something great and turn it sour.


Like You know I'm out here having fun. Sean Bankhead choreographed it. He's doing like Victoria Monet and everybody out here is popping. So everybody, a lot of high end people were involved You know what I'm saying? And then people be saying stuff like, You know it cracks me up if some people talk about, I look at them talking about other artists being washed up, but if they were washed up, they couldn't even get that job right. People don't like, it's just so like embarrassing that they're typing. It's just y'all, y'all should think before or do research before y'all be talking. Like it's just, but ultimately I get more love than anything. You already got that new 'cause I've never seen any of this stuff that you're saying. Like it's, I've just seen it recently and the only reason you need to Stop looking at that because I mean to, to me and anybody I know, it's like what TOC is like.


Right. Thank you. I get a lot of love. I will say that. And I only seen this recently because I had to look at it to give them stats. And I was just like surprised. I was like, what? Whoa. Like You know. I was shocked but I was like, I what do you say? I just kind of laughed 'cause some of it was kind of funny, but I'm like, it's also when you think about it's sad. I'm like, this is what my son has to look up to From the culture. No pun intended. It feels like TLC has always just gotten tender love and care. Like I've never heard bad things all the time. Well That's good. Really? Yeah. The Amount Of people that dress up for TLC as Halloween shows, the amount of love that you guys get, like it, it's recorded 22 and that's what she's doing.


And her and the little babies are doing that this year for Halloween. So it's people are, they still love you love the music and all that. So a couple of ladies on TikTok don't let it bother you. No, I won't. I won't. I was just surprised. But no, we do get love and we have like two year olds just like generations at the concert. It, it'd be like the grandma, them, their child. I've, I've watched my fans grow up, get married, have kids now. Some of their kids have kids. I'm like, dang girl, you getting old 'cause you watching babies have babies have babies. You know. But I love the Halloween time. Like, 'cause it, it baffles me how many two year olds know our lyrics and stuff. Like they sing Baby, baby baby, no Scrubs. I'm pretty, my niece, I just bought her on stage.


She's five and she sang I'm pretty with me and she was up there like a little star singing everything. Well, for the record, for the youngsters that don't know, TLC is the bestselling American girl group of all time. And the second bestselling female girl group in The World that behind the white Girls. That's right. So don't get up. TLC is them. Alright, Thank you. We glad you're feeling good. Absolutely bother. I know that, I know that you, you never discussed your health stuff like you said and you've been dealing with all these health issues. So it's, it's, I'm I'm sorry that you have to be out here explaining this. No, thank you for giving me the platform to do it. I just thought like You know since it's out there, why don't I share this with women? Because I was sitting there baffled myself like I might have to have surgery.


What? This is the thing, I never even knew this could happen or existed. So since it's out there, I was like, well let me just let people know. You know everything and what, what it really was. Because the jokes, I just think people are just so insensitive. I I, or I don't know if it's the video games or the the, the violence in movies, people are so desensitized. 'cause I'm like, people's loved ones can die from this. Like, and it's just not funny. You know, oh just tell her to go poop. That's not funny. That's not funny. And There were no warning signs before you started having the things or nothing wrong? I flew to Syracuse, I was feeling fine dancing, singing, acting silly like I always do. And then next thing You know, I I just got a a cramp And I got off the phone with my friend like oh my stomach hurts.


And then next thing You know, they're every two to three minutes apart. And I'm like, I remember it being two 30, laying in a fetal position, vomiting like 12 times. And literally it was like eight something. By the time I looked up like I didn't even know, like I was in so much pain. It was light and then it's dark and it's hours later and I'm not even aware. And I, they're taking me to the hospital, admitting me immediately and talking about surgery. I'm like, whoa. But I didn't have to have surgery and I'm eating normal, no pains at all. Like it never happens and everything's just fine. And that was baffling to me from how much pain I was in. I was like, 'cause I'm, I like asking can I eat? And he was like, honey, it has to do with the outside of your intestines, not the inside And.


I'm like, whoa. You know. So what's called again? What's it called again? It's called an abdominal obstruction. Abdominal obstruction. Okay. Thank you. Filling us in and breaking us down. We really appreciate you checking in. We really do. Thank you so much. Thank you too. And thank you for letting me know the love is still there. It's Always absolutely. All right. Well it's tea. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren Laro is feeling in for Jess. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. She was drunk last night. Yeah. And she's still continuing to drink again. What you mean party? Hardy? You pour more. That's how you get over what you going through. What you, no therapy is what you get over what you're going through.


What the hell wrong with you? Do we need to have an intervention? I heard you met some nice young men last night too. You need to have an intervention. Are you all in my business? Envy. Come On, let's do just with domestic news is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lie. Don't do. She Don't spare nobody Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Coach Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So Mariah Carey, as we reported earlier this week, lost her mom and her sister Luther Vandross sent out a tweet.


Did he sending love to Mariah Carey today and always signed lv. They Got Twitter in heaven. Yeah, Luther's dead. Exactly. Luther Vandross died in 2005. Right? So someone who is a part of his team thought that it would be a really good idea to send condolences from Luther Vandross who is no longer alive from his account, Signed LV and signed it. That it's from him. Jesus. They signed it. Do they say it's from the estate? 'cause usually what happens when people die, those ex accounts and everything become the property of the Estate. Right. But no, it says the little sign like attributing to lv. That's Fire dropping a clue.


Bonds for Luther Vand draws still out here with a presence. That's That's damn fire. He's fire. He's dead. Is Tupac still out here too? No. Wouldn't you love to get a tweet of somebody from somebody that's no longer here? No. That would freak me out. Why? You know it's clearly somebody from the account doing it. But nowadays we live in an era where they probably people If. you didn't know Luther Vandross was dead then You know I was. You see that tweet now you think he very much alive now you arguing with somebody later, Luther ain't dead. He just tweeted Mariah Carey yesterday Just tweeted Mariah. I think it's, it's kind of kind of weird but yeah, so fans of course were reacting to that because people were like, why are you tweeting from a dead person's account and If you're gonna tweet from dead person's account. Can we please make it clear that it is not him? That fact those signs sign LV People ask such stupid questions.


How many followers Luther got? I'm a couple million. I'm Sure. Exactly. That's why they tweeting from his account. You can't let all 'em followers go away. That's great data. Okay. That's pretty insane though. Y'all Not signed by lv. I saw a picture of Tupac yesterday. And I was like, this man is so fine. And I posted it. It he responded back on Instagram. It would. I would literally, I might have to get off for a day. You Drunk. Listen. What else does Luther be tweeting? See that's what y'all need to look at. Y'all only looked at that one tweet. Y'all need to look at how long, since 2005. How many tweets is Luther fired off? You know we be distracted. I support Kamala Harrison. That's what I'm saying. I want to know what Y'all, when you said that I thought about it, he is like how could he do that? But like see this is crazy Since oh five, I'm sure he done supported Barack Obama.


I'm sure he done supported all types of stuff. What he probably been tweeting about TV shows Tweet About Insecure. He tweeted about his old music stuff. Like just see what I'm saying? Just Yeah but that type of stuff is You know that's the estate. Yeah, They tweeted, they tweeted as if it is the estate like You know. So this this isn't as insane. I wanna, If Luther listens to The, Breakfast Club, can you tweet us and let us know? That's Right. Y'all don't know if that's Luther or not by the Way. Don't do that. But The state can say yeah, we listen to it every morning. Never too much. Y'all playing with the spirits. I don't do stuff like that. And And if Tupac was to tweet you back, guess what? Tupac probably still alive. Okay. It's been rumors that Tupac's still alive forever. How we know Luther not dead right? Luther might be alive right now. Y'all never gave me my at-home setup. Can I get it? Because if he tweeted me, I'm gonna wherever he at. No. How y'all know Luther didn't You know transition to Ruben Studd.


We don't know what's going on. What I'm whatcha talking? There's a lot different Continue. Luther might still be here. We All know Continue on on If he did that we would hear more about Ruben Studd. Now If, you wanted to live a more discreet life, let everybody know you still amazing. You Said wait where? Where is Ruben Studd Max Say Hey, max said I'm Reuben Stud Max. Alright, go ahead. Alright, so So moving on our lenux, we've been talking a lot about the IRS this week. Our Lennox has been having some issues. She wanted to get it off her chest. So let's take a listen. I'm just gonna tell you all my business, I need to pay this IRS. So the strange things, I'm gonna do a change just so I can just break even.


I'm gonna go crazy and then we start a new, and then we start paying stuff off and then we start saving and then we retire. That is the mother hole this album about the IRS coming soon. Absolutely not. They have been gentle with me and didn't take anything of mine. So I will not be starting a beef with them. We do not have no beef. I am paying. Ain't no such thing. First of all, I'm sorry that you're going through this. Our Lenox ain't no such thing as beef with the IRS. No. Okay. There's one way I is. Get down or lay down. That's correct. Okay. And the And the best advice I can give any of y'all And I said this to y'all yesterday.


Pay y'all taxes the same way you got a good doctor or You know a good dentist. Find you a good financial advisor to take care of your money and your taxes. You hear me? Yeah. 'cause they don't play. And good morning. IRS Hopefully you guys are having a great day today. If not, yeah. The way. No listen, the way that people talk to the IRS, like that's like the only government agency that people respect for real. And it and it starts by, here's the thing, it really starts on by how you look at your money. Right? Like If, you got $500. Just know that's on. You only got two 50, correct? Straight up. Maybe two 60. Maybe two 60. No, I really was gonna ask y'all like there's so many people have so much problems with the IRS. It's like how do you get ahead of it? And. I because it's about how You look at your money. Like If, you get a If, you get a contract or some type of check.


Whatever that number is, half automatically cut that in half. Yes. So just put half up every single time. Put half, Put half In In a tax saving. They might not get it today But they'll get, they going get it. They Get it. It's so hard. They wait and they'll wait till you lose your job to be like, well you remember when you made that money three years ago. That's right. I want that right now. Put it in a tax saving account man. And then when the IRS comes, they come pause. No pause, they gonna come. No pause. No pause. They Coming. First of all, ain't nothing to pause. Ain't nothing to pause though because you giving up that ass. Yes you are It over. They gonna take it way straight. Don't matter what they identify as. That is the IRS. Okay. Taking It one way Or another. Damn envy. What Irs All They not they are. Yeah. See and You just giving it up. Giving it up.


That's right. Willingly. Yep. It's all consent been Right over y'all Y Ho. How you want it, How you want it. It's crazy. All right. You the truth. You Gonna see No, no, no. I'm learning shit. I'm not Hey you either gonna learn it ain't gonna learn you okay. I ain't play with them people If. you want To, I ain't playing with them people whatsoever at all. Not happening. I remember they The boo boogieman by the way. But go ahead. I was right here when I learned that the IRS was the alphabet Boys. They not the boogieman. Yes they Are. When that letter come in the mail, first of all they They not the boogeyman, they are the monster. They You know. Yeah, you right. Ain't no ain't no threat. When that letter comes in the mail and it says IRS matches your whole deal. I ain never had one of those.


Thank God. That's because you smart. I'm glad You know, but I got smart people around me. I was about to, I literally was just thinking that like why did I just say that? 'cause it's not you people around You, that's you. Right. Salute the lifeline. The people around him shout out to not Guy. Humble. What up? Humble. We make you look good. What up Laura? No, my people good, but when that letter come, You know what it is. Stop. Don't talk to me. I'm not getting a letter. You Yeah, I'm I'm Dumb. You not gonna get the letter If you listen. I'm taking all of the energy from you guys. There you go. There you go. Because I honestly, I ain't trying to do nothing strange for a little piece of change. But I felt her though Yet. But you yet you got drunk last night and woke up with a strange number in your phone that said my husband next to it. I don't Know what you talking about. Oh You don't? Yeah. No. You know it's so crazy.


Never had that. This is what I was gonna tell you Elliot. Whenever you say don't say it, he gonna say it. I never even said don't say it because we didn't have the conversation. Oh, you're right. We didn't have no conversation Stuff on me. You're right. So we didn't have a conversation that you met somebody last night. Damn. What's In that orange juice over there? He Gonna keep going. You met somebody last night and you said you woke up and they had had my husband next to they name in the phone. That didn't happen. No. You got something in that orange juice. Brandon. Oh boy. What's his name? Alright, donkey today coming out. Who donkey To don't just be making stuff up on his radio. I don't understand who He give be a donkey To four after the hour. Donkey is going to a guy named Robert tells he can't take care. Brandon, Why you coming here? We discussing What's your name? Brandon. Oh yo. For Daniel. I don't even know How Daniel.


Hey Daniel. Putting pressure. Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The million dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk. Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof.


Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today path. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo Going in the corner. I'm a never, I'm donkey sweating of the day is up.


Next is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. I was born a donkey. It's the donkey of the day. That's pretty fun. Charlemagne the devil Possible. The, Breakfast Club. Yes. Donkey. Today for Thursday, August 29th goes to 47-year-old Robert Tells or Tise, Robert Tise is a former Nevada politician, a Clark County public administrator who was convicted of murder. Let me tell you something, man. There is a very memorable line from a classic record called Renegade by Jay-Z and Eminem. And it's when Jay-Z says, just read a magazine that effed up my day.


That line is about criticism and how criticism can oftentimes be unfair because the person criticizing you knows nothing about you or the circumstances you come from. So they probably can't relate to what it is you're talking about. Now, the reason I'm bringing that line up is because Jay-Z responded to journalism he didn't like via song, which is a very logical and rational thing to do when you don't like what someone has written about you. Why Robert Tulis couldn't react in a logical and rational way. When Jeff German, a longtime Las Vegas review journal reporter wrote about him. I have no idea. Well, let's go to CBS news for report police. A former elected official from Las Vegas was found guilty of murder today and the deadly stabbing of an investigative reporter who wrote negative stories about him.


Robert Teis hung his head as he heard the verdict, guilty Of first degree murder with use of a deadly Weapon. Prosecutors laid out a mountain of evidence against him, including a motive for the murder of an investigative reporter. Jeff Garman Garman was found stabbed to death outside his home. He'd written multiple articles alleging Teis fostered a hostile work environment, taking the stand in his own defense. Teis was unable to explain pieces of a disguise found on his property or his DNA on the victim. How in The World does your DNA get underneath Mr. Airman's fingernails? I don't know because I did not kill Mr. Ger. He insisted the evidence was planted. Robert Tellis wept openly in court as he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison.


I don't think you can plant DNA under nobody's fingernails, but that's a difficult one. Do You know there are, there have been 14 journalists killed in the US since 1992. This story is making me scared. Yeah, people killing journalists because of negative stories written about them all. You YouTube was Count your days. Dammit. I'm sorry. That's not, that's not right. Jeff German was 69 and he wrote about the criminal element in Vegas. He covered mobsters, crooked officials and corrupt government agencies. By the way, journalists like that, they are the bravest drop on the clues bombs for journalists that do things like that. You're reporting on entertainers, athletes. That's nothing. When you out here reporting on folks with actual real world power government officials, mobsters that can really touch you, you putting a, a different type of target on your back.


And that's exactly what happened when Jeff German decided to write that Robert Tise created a hostile work environment. This is why it's good to be an artist. Okay? You see Jay-Z he put his frustration in his music. Robert Tise gets accused of creating a hostile work environment and he kills someone. Ellen DeGeneres gets accused of creating a hostile work environment and she creates a Netflix special. Clearly one of these individuals knows how to handle criticism and accusations and the other does not. Also, Robert, you not beating any of the accusations made against you when you react with, with hostility to an article about you creating a hostile work environment when prosecutors are alleging okay that you killed someone because you are angry about an article they wrote about you. You are never beating that allegation.


Okay? Then they said he dressed up like one of the ninja turtles when they being disguised. They said he put on a, a big some sunglasses and a big straw hat and went to the person's house, went to a a, a German's house to kill him after you do something like that, whatever they said you did, you did it. Now here's the thing I want all journalists to understand. Robert murdered Jeff German because Jeff German's writing destroyed his career. I put destroyed in quotation marks. Okay? He said it destroyed his reputation. It threatened probably his marriage because he was alleged to be having an inappropriate relationship with a staffer. He said it exposed things that even he admitted he did not want the public to know. But I have a question and the question I have If you so mad at a person for reporting this, then why do the, why do the behavior to begin with?


Okay? See, what we don't understand about situations like this was Robert wasn't really mad at Jeff. He was mad at himself because all Jeff did was write about what you were doing. So If, you going to be mad and want to kill someone? You should have actually probably started and ended with you. Whoa. Jeff German didn't ruin your career. Okay, Robert, tell us, you ruined your career. You are clearly a person who makes poor choices. Okay? What does Yoko Shala always tell you? Destiny is not a matter of chance. It's a matter of choice. You made the choice to create a hostile work environment. You made the choice to have an inappropriate relationship with a staffer and you made the choice to kill somebody because they decided to write about what you was doing.


Robert, look in the mirror and say it's me. Hi. I'm the problem. It's me. You are the issue. Okay? Cause and effect. Take away the cause and the effect ceases. You are the cause. Please give Robert TOIs the biggest. He haw. Am I missing something here? Could I ask one question though? Yes. Oh God. The stuff that he was reporting, was it true or was it false? I mean, I don't know. I I guess hostile work environment. You know the person that is accused of creating the hostile work environment is always gonna say it's false. But you would have to ask the people in the environment, okay? And You know him having a relationship with an inappropriate staffer.


Here's the thing, clearly it was true. 'cause why would you react in that way to where you want to dress up like a ninja turtle in disguise and go kill the man? Mm. That's insane, huh? If it's not true, you shrug it off like us. Whatever You know. Sue the person. They Asked him. How did your DNA get there? He said, I do not know. I don't know. I didn't kill him. Hey, come on. That, that's a different level of insanity. Now What's a different level of insanity? Is the smell that I smell coming from your cup right now? She, yo, She, that wasn kind of crazy. I Said that wasn't one shot. Yo, listen, that might be seven shots. You heard me say just a little bit, right? That's not a little, I could smell it. Yo. I tasted it and I'm like, oh God. Here's the thing. If, you, but it's cool you, if you're just joining us, one of our producers sim she had a party last night. Lauren went to the party. Lauren had five to drinks, right?


Five Cocktails. Five and three shots. And three shots. First of all, Came in here drunk and she's still continuing to drink. Now the problem I Have, people know, If, you feel hung over. You If you still hungover? Yeah. Oh, If. you feel hungover? She's not driving. She has a driver both. Right? You should, you gotta like, it helps you. I feel better now. What I don't like is the toxicity because there's a young man who she was talking about getting this number last night. I never met this young man yo, in, In her phone. Never met him. She put the Young man's name and put my husband next to It. I didn't put any, I did not put a number in my phone and put my husband. I did not do that. Man, you Did do that. You probably would drunk telling this man all types of stuff last night, okay? I heard about y'all in the corner having a conversation, wasn't Me.


And you said this morning, I don't Even like corners. None of it. I don't even like corners. Wow. So what Is the question? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, have you done this before? Have you got drunk in the club, got somebody's number and maybe flirted with him? Told him gas, the him things he wanted to hear, gased him up, gassed with Him, have no problem of calling the next day. Have no intention of calling him the next day. And now that man is probably hurt somewhere in a, a corner crying. That's I the same corner that y'all had a conversation with. That I I don't like corners. I've never been in the corner in my life. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, are you that person Ain't never seen a corner my whole life. Shout out to Blue Ivy. Let's discuss. That's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now If, you just joining us. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and Lauren LaRosa. Did somebody dirty yesterday, man, Whoa, whoa, whoa. You gotta set it up and tell everybody what happened. Our producer sim had a party last night. That's right. Lauren went to the party. She had five drinks and two shots drinks For the, the social unplugged. Two shots young. Gotta pull up the next time. It was a great time. Got drunk. Yep. She's still in here drinking this morning. That's right. She met a young man last night. Somehow or another the young man's number ended up in her phone.


It had his name next to his name. It said, my husband. My husband. Why are you putting the sauce on that heavy? Lauren? What did you gas this man up? And then you tell, read the message he sent to you that you just said read the message. Well, first of All, I just wanna, I wanna say, I know you put his name and number in there 'cause you don't give up your phone for nothing. Like your phone is attached to your hip. So read the Message You put in there. So Little Miss Toxic, You gave him, you gave you gaslit. Him told him that he was the husband. Yes. Now Twin, Where have you been? You to Read, read the message. Because I remember the message verbatim, but I don't want to say it all. But if I gotta paraphrase, First of all, disclaimer, I'm not No disclaimer. Read the message please, ma'am. No. Read the message. No, Just answer the question ma'am. You're in court.


The Man say, I'm gonna tell you what the man said. Let him the man goes. The man goes, yo, it was so good meeting you last night. I felt an instant connection. And then Lauren goes, what did I say to this? Wow. Yeah. What did you say to him, Lauren? Wow. What did you say to him that got him putting my husband. Oh, by the way, that's the part I didn't say. He did put his number in Lauren's phone. I heard Lauren say that earlier. And he put my husband, what did you say to this man that gasped him up so bad, made him feel that way. And you think he husband now and sending you them type of messages? Light Skinned skinned brother? Or Was he white? I don't even know this. Was he white? White? What was he? I don't even know this man. And, I. Don't know what y'all are talking about. Lauren Said he's light skinned, skinned in my whole life. I don't what that means.


He's light skinned acting. Said he was light-skinned with dog skinned energy. I'm I'm not good at lying. 'cause I was You said this. All right, so let me though, let me just clear this up. When you're out and about and you're friendly and you're beautiful and drunk, you, you may encounter people and You know conversations happen. So You just gassed this man up and made him think he was your husband. Damn. She, what are we saying That poor man. Listen, I the ambiance of me, I cannot, I can't help how it hits the other people. You're Toxic individuals. That's toxic. See, that's why men have problem with women because when they express themselves, express their feeling, you play with his feelings. Now I agree. All of a sudden you like, that's not what I meant. I played with Hiss. Let me tell y'all, I was sitting here telling our earlier men be playing like I'm a PlayStation and then the minute that I don't, I get the same energy back.


Now I'm toxic. How was he playing? I'm not toxic. Me and future both wanna be married. Y'all make us act. No, you mentioned energies is what you're saying. I'm not matching. But how was you toxic? He did What he was supposed to do. He met you last night. Woke up this morning. And. I don't even know who you're talking about. His name now you don't know him. Is Jeremiah okay? Wow. Jeremiah doesn't strike the, now You don't know him. I'll Say his real name, but I won't. I don't know. Who is he? Who Is he? Listen, my brother. Is he? Hey, my brother, The guy that we speak of, who is The my brother You. know who you are? Yeah, man. Run. Okay, run. Run is run crazy. Run, run, run crazy Son. I promise you a sign from God for you brother. Promise you he might hit a little brisk walk, but he ain't running away. Wow.


I don't even know who we're talking about. Go to the phones. Envy. This is disgusting. Are there more of her? Are love Hers Because we need to round him. You Disrespect Build the wall. Yo, this tea is like, I might as well have just heated up. You are Gonna be single forever. Like you don't know. That's, that could be your blessing. Wow. This is the Don't speak to me. Round them all up. Send 'em back to where they came from. Dammit. Okay. I'm blocking all of this energy from y'all. Hello. Who's this? Yes, this is Brittany. Good morning y'all. Hey Brittany. Good morning. Are you like Lauren LaRosa, you gas a guy up and then all of a sudden the next day you just act like you never even spoke to the man. So when I was in college, I went to the club with my girls. I got drunk. I danced with a few guys. And so the next day this guy called me and said his name was Meathead and that I gave, he said that I gave him my number and he was trying to get with me.


And I'm like, I did not give you my number. He like, yes you did. He arguing with me. And so I, we hung up. I blocked him. And I told my girls about it. And they was like, yeah, we know him. He go to school with us. So I looked him up. His dude was so ugly. Mm girl. Like, oh my God. He was so, I don't even like to call people ugly, but he was so ugly. Say, say call me And. I cannot not believe that I had got that drunk. It's so funny that you said that, Brittany. I've been there sis because Lauren told us another situation about a gentleman that she met and that when the gentle, when she seen the gentleman a couple days later, she blocked him Too. I ain't see him in person. You are toxic man. Man. Now I know how Trump feel about migrants. What we got round y'all up and send y'all back to where y'all came from. This is, this is terrible.


If I'm a single woman and like I'm meeting people and I'm deciding what I like and what I don't like. What's wrong with that? Why are you asking? Because you're Playing with people Feeling With emotions. You told this man, you got this man thinking. He your husband, this man literally put your husband in his phone again, texted You first thing this morning, making sure you were okay. The aura that I use, it is not my fault. How people, how it hits people. When, When's the last time a man has texted you four o'clock in the morning? Make sure you were just okay, That's my business and not yours. Wow. Go to the phones. (800) 585-1051. We're taking your calls when we come back. I'm disappointed in you. He didn't, he didn't make sure I was okay. Who is he? Who are we talking about? He's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning this morning. I don't even know If y'all talking about it.


You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ e Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren la is filling in for Jess And I. Lauren la Disa Lauren toxic crusader. I'm So disappointed in This morning. The toxic crusader. That's your name. Lauren Osa, AKA, the toxic crusader That won't fit on my id f her. That is not my name. Her That's Your name F her. Now for people like Jordan Future her, explain to her that's You forced that future her, you forced that. But few her, he tried To like I future her. Now. If, you just joining the tea. One of our producers last night had a party. Lauren Osa went.


She had five drinks and two shots. Shout Out to the social unplugged Simpson. At the end of the night, a gentleman called her and when she, he didn't call me, we Texted you. Who is he? I didn't even Mean. And when she opened up the text said my husband, I never opened the text. Okay, now the text read. I met you last night. It was nice meeting you. I look forward to seeing you in the future and put the heart a little finger heart like this. Right? And And I heard y'all hugged three times last night. Yo, three times in a row. I wouldn't even be hugging, Hugging people in public first time. Y all you heard that? Yes, I heard. First time y'all met, y'all hugged three times in a row. I Never, I don't hug people in public. And I ain't never seen a corner in my whole life. So all of this is false. This is, these are falsehoods. Now I know how Trump feels. Fake news. You need to be in the corner right now.


Time out. Okay, now the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Women, do you do the same thing? Do you meet guys drunk? You, you gaslight 'em thinking they have a situation thinking they, the, the, your your hubby and then all of a sudden you just get 'em and block 'em. Hello? Who's this? Hi, how are you? Hey, what's your name? Hi, my name is Beauty Seductive. Beauty is your name. Oh, I know you'd be doing It. So, so have you done what Lauren has done before? I do recall like having a situation where I got totally wasted and the guy the next day called me. We FaceTime. I wasn't feeling him And, I didn't wanna hurt his feelings. But at the end of the day, I just felt like if I let him on or gave him like You know the okay.


It would've hurt his feelings either way. So I just have to keep it straight bro with him and let him know. Right. I'm not interested. And then I blocked him after. Well Lauren ain't giving that man that courtesy. How You know because you still leading the man on leading. But, but laughing about his text, laughing at his text messages this morning. I never laughed at anything. Yes you did. And I'm not leading anybody anywhere. She read the text message. I'm not leader, I am a sheep. I don't know what She read the text message in this room this morning and was like, what did I say to this dude that got him texting me like this? Hello? Who's this? Y'all Are in here lying. Quentin. Quentin, man, has this happened to you? It sounds like you a little disturbed by it, brother. Oh, I'm disturbed just because I got my girl Lauren back.


Charlemagne, you always saying manifest. She manifesting her husband. How she manifesting her husband when the guy put that she's his, she's her husband in his phone. In her phone. And she laughing at the man this morning. I'm not Laughing anybody. I don't understand what y'all are talking about. And, and I'm Confused. Turn your vibrate off bro. Goodbye. We gonna let you get back to what you need to do in the background. Hello? Who's this? Hi. Good morning. This is Patia. Hey, Are you like a Lauren? You you flirt with guys and get drunk and then let 'em put that number. You me sound So Irresponsible phone and then don't remember. Are you like that ma'am? I'm Very responsible. No, not at all. Talk to me please.


Well, You know who's not the fun friend. I would, I'm actually calling you guys about the store with Robert Teis the donkey of the day. I wanted to answer your question 'cause I watched that entire trial. Oh, talk to me. So you asked the question whether or not he did the things that he was accused of by the reporter. The only reason the reporter started reporting on him is because Mr. Tellis's coworkers contacted the reporter and said, Hey, this guy is doing X, y, z. Can you look into it and write a story? So ultimately, I, I mean as much as I hate to say it, I'm not blaming on the coworkers, but the reporter would not have ended up dead if his coworkers didn't call and Well, that's asked this guy to look into Mr. Tellis. Well that's why I said like You know when somebody says you created a hostile work environment, you probably gotta ask the environment, not the person being accused.


Oh yeah, yeah. That is exactly what happened. The environment is the one who made the report and with regards to him sleeping with someone else, they recorded him having sex in the car with this woman. Oh yeah. And gave it to the reporter. So Oh yeah. He's, he, he deserved donkey today. For real. He's an idiot. Well, thank you mama for filling us in. So what is the moral of this story with, with Lauren LaRosa? The moral of the story is take a BC powder before you go out. Man, you This like this young man. Seriously? Do you like the young man? She doesn't know what she's what young Man. I'm talking about If. you were playing spades. You had a hand, you had a whole hand and you had a hand. Right? Right. You Had a hand. What? I bid on a hand. Would You count him as a spade? Oh, possible. That's what I mean. He's a potential possible. Is it possible? Would you count him as spade? Do y'all play with the deuce of diamond, deuce of heart?


Yes. Yeah. Not new de of Heart. Duc of diamonds. Duc of diamonds, Duc of diamond. Duc of diamonds. Is is a is a, is a is a Trump card. Big joke of little Joker. Oh Cuc. Differently how we play Big Joke of little Joker Duc of Diamonds. The Deuces Spa. Yeah. Okay. So how we play the Deuce of Diamond? You don't even play with that. It's not included at all. So you don't even know what it is, where it comes from. It doesn't exist. Douce a diamond right now. I don't even know what we talking about. Wow. Wow. Yo Would I bid on that hand though? I took a 10. Yo did I take a 10? It wasn't one of these. I'm Not gonna say I'm not gonna, wasn't one of these. I'm looking at somebody in the room right now. Tell your friend to run. Tell your friend to run. Okay. Run. I literally, this is why Lauren La Rosa. No, this is my car.


This is why you won't be lonely. Lauren Missed My cheer. You know what I'm, I'm very disappointed. And your mother sat right here a couple days ago and said, I'm waiting for my baby to have A grandchild. My mom sat in here and she was really nice in here with y'all. 'cause she You know. She just keep it clean while she here. I asked her to. My mom tells me, don't take no wooden nickels. I know what that means. Wow. Yeah, But you ain't supposed to throw out the douce of Diamonds. Delaware page is disgusting. Disgust Delaware. My grandma would have a big issue with you. I'm gonna call her after this Lonely Lauren If. you think you're lonely? I can't wait till Valentine's Day next year when you Are in this same, it's not lonely. Lauren is gonna Be so fun. Nothing. Lauren, la Rosa Girl. All right, well we have just with the Mess with Laura Larissa coming up. What are we talking about? We, we, we getting into some relationship stuff, kind of-ish.


Evelyn Lazada. Lazada. I always call her the wrong last name. Evelyn Lazada. I was about to do it. Is responding or seemingly responding to people pointing out the fact that her daughter may be pregnant by the game. It's a whole thing. Okay. Yeah. We, we gonna get into it. You might say you treat the Deuced diamond like a draw for an Uno. Damn Lord. No, I'm calling my grandma. All Right. It's the Breakfast Love. Good morning. The Breakfast.


Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler. Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent. All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Money every the the money to New York Hip Hop and RB Power 1 0 5 0.1 is giving you all the cash. Period. We winning money out. We have your shot at $1 million million dollars only If. you can guess. A million dollar mix. Million dollars. Fucking get ready. Make sure you listen. Weekdays at 9:00 AM 10:00 AM 12:00 PM two three and 4:00 PM for the million dollar Mix. When you hear it be Caller 1 0 5 correctly name the songs in the mix, you'll win $500 and qualify for a shot at a million dollars. Get it wrong and the money rolls over. It could grow to a stack. Maybe two grand. It could go to $5,000. Get up Power oh five fm com for all the details.


Hey guys, it's Angie And. I recently went to see Wicked the Musical on Broadway and it is amazing. It has incredible songs in the performance. The Breakfast Club. She's It's 7:00 PM Fried drunk. It's 95 degrees. I ain't got no and no ain't got me. Let's go. I'm about to show my body love freak. How the, is that your man? Huh? If he right here with me turned up, we my turn up, we my turn up Bend my shows. Yeah. Cuo got that BLE. 60,000 fans can't see me do my dance.


Got a millionaire one haters. And then y'all can kiss my come turn the my turn the with my turn the bend my shows. Yeah. Cu right here with, I fit for him again the with my twin got a backwood full of socks and a Bancroft full of all that Twitter typing. See me in ain't do nothing. We cropped out with some biker shorts. I'm showing off my moose. Look, I'm feeling good today yo. I'm outside with your pay. I got a brown skin with dread. Okay. And a black white, he gonna drop that neck. He love the way I sit. Fake nails press so high. Damn. The rat. I keep fresh Keith shirt on wet.


Who won't smoke? Say what get that off your chest. Turned up with my, turned up with my turn. The, in my shows. Yeah, because I got that Blink. 60,000 fans can't see me do my dance. Got a millionaire, one haters. And that y'all can kill. Let's Get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Your music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare. Nobody don't worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me.


So ELA, Lazada, basketball wives, her daughter Sice is currently pregnant right now, which they are very excited about, but there has been rumors surrounding her pregnancy that have not been confirmed that she may be pregnant by the game. Now here's the thing with that, Evelyn and the Game's ex-wife Tiffany, who is the mother of his kids, remember they had the reality show together. Oh yeah, I heard this. Yep. Yep. Her and Evelyn. I, I thought they were friends because there's a ton of photos of them hanging out. Evelyn Shawnee, Tiffany You, know what I mean? A bunch of different photos from different parts of her life and things like that back in the day.


And people are basically just saying, this is crazy because you and Tiffany were friends. Tiffany is basically watched Shanice grow up if this is true, that the game is the, is the kid's father. And now Sean Shanice is pregnant by the game again. The game has confirmed that he is expecting a child, but he has not said who it is by. But that though, that's the reports. Right? So Evelyn yesterday hopped online after all these pictures that begin to circulate, people were putting together this whole little timeline, right? And this is what she had to say. I'm literally sitting here cracking up and thinking to myself. So, because I'm on the other side of it, right? And you guys follow like these celebrities and people. But it's always interesting for me, And I talked about this recently for me to read the stuff about myself.


That, or just false You know, oh my God, this person was best friends with that person. How dare they guys stop making this shit up. Everything that you read online, a lot of it is bullshit. You know, I don't mind, like I live in my truth. I say what it is. But some of this stuff is crazy to read. Anyway, the point is, is that You know, take the stuff you read with a grain of salt. So of course, because she's Saying cap pretty much, Right? And because she referenced pictures, she never said anyone's name. People You know have implied that she is referring to the viral conversation right now that she is in so many pictures with Tiffany or whatever.


But I mean, I get it, right? If, if the game is having a baby with Evelyn's daughter and Tiffany You know she is his ex, I can, I can understand why people feel like that's weird. But if it, if that was so long ago, their kids are big now and they've moved on from it. Like, does Tiffany have a right to fill away? Why are people so much in other people's business if if if games mother of his two children don't have a problem with it and Evelyn Lazada doesn't Have a problem? We don't, we Don't know. None of 'em have a problem. 'cause they would've said about it then everybody should mind their business. Nobody has else, nobody's complained. But people that don't have no idea what they're talking about. Correct. Yeah. And we all honestly don't know what we talking about. Honestly, what am I talking about? Because I don't even know what the hell y'all talking about right now. Well, That's your fault.


Like you're in your phone, get off your phone. I agree with y'all. I have no idea what the hell y'all talking about. You over there sending the angry text messages? No, it's not entertaining. I just You know I'm not paying attention. Don't care. Okay. That's not, Well, maybe you might care about this next one because our guy Tyrese went and sat down with Shannon Sharp. And I don't know. He's been on this whole tour to clear some things up. You know he was here. Well, his Album comes out tomorrow. Yes. And the album comes out tomorrow. Yes. And his movie 1992. Yep. And we premiered something on The Breakfast Club YouTube channel. Yes. Yesterday we premiered Tyrese's Wildflower video on The Breakfast Club YouTube channel. You can go check that out right now. On Tyrese's, I mean on Breakfast Club YouTube pitch. Yeah. So he cleared up.


There's been a conversation for some years now about Tyrese saying a while ago that Terrence Howard used to steal all of his roles and just light skinned people in general because he's a lighter skinned or pretty eyes guy. What? Let's take a listen. Tyrese, I read what you said. Terrence Howard took a lot of your roles because he's light skinned. Oh, here you go. Like man with green eyes. Here you go with some controversy. That's what he take from you. That's a misunderstanding. You I never said that. You twisted my words. Okay. I got no problem. Problem with that light-skinned man. I ain't clearing up shit because I'm not talking about that black man. And. I don't want my words to be twisted and misunderstood. That man did not take one role from me. I said that long before it was cool to be blue, black in Hollywood.


Yes. Blue, black everybody light-skinned or on the spectrum Yes. Had way more opportunities going towards them than us. Yeah. Light-skinned used to be in. I never said he took one specific role for me. They never said Tyrese or Terrance Before We go in light-skinned Is still in by the way, before We Oh. Mm. Look at you gotta interject. Letting him know, huh? Yeah. Let's take a listen to the second clip before we interject. I just did a film with Terrence Howard You know, we're able to joke about it now You know. I I was the star of the film and they wanted to go. They had an idea to go with someone that I won't mention. And then I suggested Terrance Howard and he thanked me like for a week straight. And I'm like, yo man, all good.


He was thanking me for booking him for this movie, for casting him. And I'm just thinking to myself, Terrance Howard has no idea how many woes that I was about to book. And they went with him because he's the lighter skinned black man with the green eyes. This is my thing, right? And I know colorism is a thing. But like you said, he He said it Lauren's drunk. Y'all remember this? Whatever she said, just remember she's drunk Me. No, he he did say, he said it there, right? Yeah. He, he said it then he said he didn't say it, but then he also suggested Terrance for the role and then said that Terrence took the job because he was light-skinned. That's your question. You drunk. Trying to make sense of Tyrese. Think about what you Think about what You know that That's a heck of a show, ain't it?


You drunk trying to make sense of Tyree. Honestly, she might understand better though. Being, being drunk. No, I I'm saying it doesn't make sense. It doesn't. Oh, but that's the beauty of Tyree drop a bomb or something. Let's do something That is, I just, honestly that is, that is just what the mess with Lauren. Lauren Russell. I just figured it out. Alright. Alright. When we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning Omar. Hey You. know The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. Now, earlier today we had TBOs on the show. We did. And TBOs dropped some bombs on us this morning, right?


We did. I just wanna say, make sure all following Brown girl grinding on Instagram. Lauren the Rose on Instagram and Twitter. Because the way that we've been bringing these exclusives to the show, I wanna keep the love going after the show is over. But Teebo came on and she, she wanted to clear the air. She wanted to talk about what actually happened to her. People were blaming it on her You know different What does she deal with? Sickle cell. Sickle Cell. Sickle cell. She people were blaming on her sickle cell that she said people were blaming on Ozempic. It was, it just was a bunch of stuff she wanted to clear. But she also Well, we could play it. We could play it now. Oh, we could play. Okay. Sickle listen in. This is What she said earlier this morning. What happened was, I was feeling totally fine. I had got to Syracuse, New York off the plane. I ate something.


So that's why I thought I had food poisoning. My stomach felt like if the incredible Hawk took it and just said, ho Smash, like it was a unbearable thing. It was like I couldn't stand up, I couldn't talk, I couldn't walk. And when the doctor came to see me to prove that I was sick, he immediately was like, she has to go in and admit her. I got there and they was talking about going on the surgery side. So what happened was merely scar tissue hit my lower intestine and kinked it and blocked it off. And I'm three days out. I'm already working again. I leave Friday for my next show. But I was pretty surprised to hear her say that she's probably gonna be retiring from touring. Not probably. She said she was gonna be retiring from touring. That Makes sense.


I mean, when she's 50, she said she's 54 years old, which I didn't know. And You know she's dealing with sickle cell and it's like touring is hard. Like you gotta leave, leaving your house is hard. Right. You know what I mean? Practice and the amount of practice. Yo, I get, I'm at the, I am at the age where if they don't, if parking is hard, I gotta, I'm going back home. So, so I can understand. Let's listen to, let's listen to her saying this. What, what she was talking about. Touring is hard. Yeah. Like don't, don't, you ain't gotta have a disease to take a break or get a injury. It is hard out here. My dances be broke down at 20 You. know what I'm saying? So no, I ain't gonna lie. Like yeah, things are harder. That's why I'm gearing up to retire. Probably next year. It would be my last. So if y'all wanna come C-T-L-C-I, I suggest you do it now.


'cause I'm not gonna be doing this much longer 'cause I am 54. But I'm blessed. I was told I wouldn't live till I, I wouldn't live past 30. I'm 54 still on stage selling out arenas in, in, in, in stadiums. Like, come on man. Traveling, The, World. This is like a dream and, and something that I, I prayed for it and God gave it to me. So when God and my body says the time to stop, then I will Stop. I mean that's gonna be sad if people haven't seen a TLC tour. I have yet. You're gonna have to see spot dates. I have yet. Oh my God. Like, like, I don't know when she said it, my heart dropped. But she did clarify that she meant from touring. She still wants to work, just do different things. And honestly, You know why I also felt bad when she said that in that moment. I thought, I've never thought about what TLC, like what their lives are like outside of being TLC her as a mom.


Yeah. What what are her other interests? Does she cook? Does she You know? I never thought about that. And. I'm like, wow. Right. My homeboy just texted me Sl Deron, he said drunk Lauren is a whole vibe. Like I said, uhoh the aura that oozes. I can't, It has nothing to this alcohol Have nothing to do with how it hits the people At all you need encouraging this alcohol because I Can still smell. I look a strong as hell out when I go. I'm gonna nap. Like look my face. I'm a nap. A Nap. I can't wait till I go home. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Holding it down for Jess. It's time to get up outta here.


Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Yes, I do have a positive note, but first I wanna shout out to everybody in New Orleans, man on September 20th at 7:30 PM I'm gonna be at Baldwin and Company in New Orleans. Okay? Yes. Baldwin and Company Bookstore. I will be there 7:30 PM September 20th in New Orleans, man. So go to c ctg bco.eventbrite.com to get you, get your tickets You. know what I'm saying? Baldwin Company Coffee and Bookstore. 7:30 PM September 20th. I'll be there signing copies of my new book. Get On Us a Guideline Why Small Talk Sucks, which is a national bestseller.


So I'll see y'all New Orleans next month. Okay. Now the positive note is simply this. For everybody out there that is learning to heal from their trauma, just know it takes time to unlearn years of conditioning. So be patient with yourself. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club, bitches. You don't finish or y'all done.


Hey, hey, gather Round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Tara Raji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the Funk.