
Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra Processors


Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy. Because there are drinks, then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees. Terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an At&t store for details


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior. Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities. Text BBB jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff You Missed in History class. The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all-Wheel Drive. You can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota. Let's go places.


JM and Charlamagne. They're listening to The, Breakfast Club y'all for being like cultural leaders. Family. The Breakfast Club is where people get the information on the topics, on the artists and everything. Like You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like you guys in Y watch, You're locked into the world's most dangerous morning show. Poor nature, the Bronx If. you wanna break this club? You Ain't gonna bring it. 120 minus when not come up here. Jesus. This is y'all grew up in That's right. Get up out the beds and listen to The greatest show On earth. Good morning. USA. Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.


Jess hilarious. Is officially on maternity leave. She is out. Charlemagne ne god Peace to the planet. It's Monday. Hey. Yes. She hasn't had the baby yet though. No, but her maternity leave started because it can happen any, at any at any moment. The head is, the head is right there at the, at the cervix. Correct. I think I said that correctly. The head is right there. The head is right there. It's been, it's been right there since last week. So, right. Any moment now. Now the due date, she said of course, is the 17th, but like you said, any day now, so she's on maternity leave, so don't text her, don't hit it. Don't call her. Just let her chill. Let her relax. She'll be fine. That's right. We wishing her a, a healthy delivery. That's the most important thing. What you do all week and anything. Nothing.


Which is exactly what I like to do. Drop on a closed bond for doing nothing. Okay. Alright. I'm not one of these mixy people that likes to be out here in these streets. I like to be at home on my couch with my wife and kids. And that's what we did all weekend long. And it couldn't have been more fun. Well, Saturday I was out in Akron, Ohio, salutes everybody out in Ohio. I was out there with Lisa Ray and we had a, it was like a fashion show That sounds very mixy. It was like, nah, it was a, they call it a un blanc situation where it's an all white, That was un blanc. It's like a all white party and all white situation that they do, they've been doing all over the country in the last couple of years. So they had like a, a violinist play. It was really dope.


Really grown and sexy and, and really dope. So salute to everybody out there ran into her. So salute to them. And then I relaxed. I just sat my ass on the couch and relaxed the rest of the time. So salute to everybody out there. I was fake watching the Olympics. What you watch? I told you I was fake watching it. So did you watch none? You didn't watch the track? Me? I didn't. No. I saw the track meet after the fact on social media, and then I went to go, what was I watching? I was watching, I was watching the news. It's like, watch CNN, M-S-N-B-C. And then I looked on the guide to see what was on and it said like, volleyball or single player tennis or something like that. And I was like, You ain't wanna watch that? Yeah. I can't fake watch It. This. You won't watch that. Yeah. Nah, I was watching, I watched Saturday, I watched Akari Richardson.


She, she picked up a silver medal. I didn't even see that salute to her. Yeah. She picked up a silver medal. I watched Noah Lyes. He, I saw that on social Media. He want to go by like, I mean when I say like the heads of his chiney chin chin, he won't by the heads of his chiney Chin. Now what happened now? 'cause wasn't they was killing him one day. One day they was like, he lost to something like that. Then it was just a qualifying meet. It Was a qualifying meet. Yes. But then He came back and won the gold. He came back. And, I liked them kind of stories dropping on a cruise bomb from Noah Lyles. Everybody gets all riled up on social media. Start clowning. Yep. You know. And then now what He j when I say he just made it though, he just made it like if he didn't poke his out, you right. Yeah, he, he definitely won was I watched the mixed races. A young lady from, with a bunch of biracial people North against, against each other.


No, it was men and females racing. And there was a, a 19-year-old from North Carolina, I believe it was that she picked up a silver medal, a salute to her. Oh, congratulations To her. And what else did I watch? A couple swim events. I don't know that anybody's name on the swim events. But yeah, Olympics. I love the Olympics. It, it is pretty fun. I enjoy it. But let's get the show cracking. Polo G will be joining us this morning. Polo G has a new project. Hood of poet is gonna be released this Friday, August 9th. So we're gonna be kicking it with Polo G and when we come back, we got front page news. There's always a lot going on in politics and we'll break it all down for you. So don't go anywhere. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning y'all. Happy Monday. Y'all had a good week. Hey Morgan. Yes. It was a good weekend. Yes, it Was great. How was yours? My weekend was good. Very lackluster, which is what I like. But there was a lot of action going on with our candidates. So let's talk about it. Vice President Kamala Harris, she did secure enough delegate votes to become the Democratic nominee for President Harris. Called into a campaign update for supporters after the news broke. Let's hear more from Vice President Harris on her nomination. I am honored to be the presumptive democratic nominee for president of the United States.


And I will tell you the tireless work of our delicates. Our state leaders and staff has been pivotal in making this moment possible. And later this month, we will gather in Chicago United as one party where we're gonna have an opportunity to celebrate this historic moment together. This campaign is about all of us coming together, people coming together from every walk of life, every lived experience and being fueled by our love of country, knowing that we are prepared to fight for the best of who we are. Yeah. So VP Harris noted that she will officially a accept the nomination this week as the, she did run a post.


The Democratic National Committee's vote started last Thursday morning and the delegates held a virtual vote ahead of the party's convention in order to finalize their nomination before a ballot access deadline. That's happening in Ohio next week. Now Harris will all, she also met with three potential running mates over the weekend. Senator Mark Kelly of Arizona, governor Tim Waltz of Minnesota, and Governor Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania. She is expected to announce her VP pick as early as Tuesday ahead of a rally. Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear and transportation secretary Pete Buttigieg may still be in the running, but they were not in those meetings over the weekend.


Who do you think it's gonna be? You still think you still got your money on Shapiro Shar? Yeah. That's why I like, I like Governor Josh Shapiro. I will say the rally, the rally is in Pennsylvania tomorrow, so maybe there's something to that. Yeah, they Said it. They said there's nothing to that, but I don't know. I mean, it, it is gotta be between the three that came to her house yesterday, right over the weekend. But yeah, absolutely. I I I hope it's Governor Josh Shapiro. Yeah, I like Josh Shapiro as Well. Alright, so former President Trump and his running mate, Senator JD Vance, they're still on the campaign trail. They were in Atlanta over the weekend. Trump held a rally at Georgia State University. He wasn't so nice to them. He did that on Saturday while we're Vice president Kamala Harris hosted her own campaign event earlier last week.


So let's hear more from Trump's back rally at Georgia State University in Atlanta. 94 days from now, we're going to win the great state of Georgia in an epic landscape and we're going to defeat crazy. Kamala Harris has the most ultra left wing agenda of any presidential candidate ever in history. There's never been anybody like this. And she happens to be really a low IQ individual. She really does. She has a very low iq. By the way, I'd like to congratulate Vladimir Putin for having made yet another great deal. Did you see the deal we've made? We got our people back, but boy, we make some horrible, horrible deals.


And it's nice to say we got 'em back. But does that set a bad precedent? Well, he's recording or he is referring to, excuse me, the prisoner swap with Russia that we, that was conducted last week. Now he implore the crowd to get out and vote saying this election is the most important in history. He didn't hesitate to criticize Harris, claiming America would end up in World War III if she was elected. He also blamed her for an increase in illegal immigration. Any thoughts on that? On what? On, on people politicking like, Nah, never. You You know what? Nevermind.


We'll just keep you, let's switch gears on something that everybody can You know, listen up and relate to. This isn't po this isn't political guys, just hear me out. Boar's Head You know the meat company. You did Deli meats. Well they were calling 7 million pounds of deli meat following two listeria deaths. One in New Jersey. Yeah, one in New Jersey near you guys and one in Illinois. In addition to those two deaths, the CDC says at least 34 people have gotten sick across 13 states. Nearly all have been hospitalized and range from ages 32 to 94. So this latest recall involves liver worst ham, bologna, and beef salami made at a Boar's Head plant in Virginia.


So if you're up and down the East coast, you might as well and you have Boar's head in your refrigerator, you might as well throw it away or, or take it right back to the store. More than 70 products with cell by date, spanning from July 29th to October 17th were involved. Listeria infection symptoms include nausea, fever, headache, and muscle aches. So if you're experiencing any of those and you've had a deli sandwich recently, Lord I have mercy. How do you recall that? That though? Yeah, that's difficult to recall. 'cause people usually You know, get a sandwich, they go to deli and get a sandwich and you eat it right there like You know people don't bring that home. Right. That's a tough one. That's a scary one. Yeah, but definitely You know If, you, If you are going to a deli. Ask them what type of meat they're using, ask them where they get it from, things of that nature.


But this is a big one, so, and we're gonna keep our eyes on that. So yeah, I'll keep you guys informed as to what's going on with that. But If, you do have a Boar's Head meet in your refrigerator, throw it away or take it right back to the store. Alright, well that is front page news. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. We'll talk more about the presidential race and all that other stuff in the next tower. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Chief Cole.


8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? Hi. Good morning. My name is Sierra. Hey Sierra. Good morning. Hey Sierra. Good morning. Calling you guys from Philly. What's happening in Philly this morning? What's Up mama? Well, I actually just got back from Greece at midnight last night or this morning I guess. Ooh, How was that? What part of Greece? So we did a tour, we went to Santorini, we went to Anos, we also went to Turkey. We was there for eight days total. Oh, that's so beautiful. I went out there with my wife a couple of years back. We had such an amazing time. What, what was your favorite part? My favorite part was definitely Santorini. The views were great. We also had such a great time at the like pool bar over in.


Yeah. Did you get a chance to get on a, on a boat out there or no? No, the cruise boat was enough for us. The Cruise. So you went on the cruise? Yeah. Nah, I enjoyed it. I wanna bring the kids back out there. I had a great time. Well, I'm glad you had a good time out there. Yeah, we did And I just wanted to give a special shout out for me and my best friend, her name is Janelle. We listen to The Breakfast Club every day, but usually don't wake up this early. So we do the podcast and she's stuck in Egypt right now because her flight got canceled. Hey. And she's gonna hear this probably Tuesday or Wednesday. And I told her that whenever I get through, I was gonna give her a shout Out. Oh, you flew to Philly. Where did she have to fly back to? She has to fly to Cairo and then to JFK. I flew to Montreal and then back to Philly. Damn.


Well salute Janelle. Yeah, She, she, whenever she gets back salute to her. Thank you mama. Thank You. And just real quick, me and Janelle really love Charlamagne. If we can get a signed book or something. We look like that. That's easy. Hold on. Okay, Eddie, Get our information. That's that. And, and gimme the names. I know Janelle and what's your name? Sierra. Sierra. Sierra? Yeah. Just tell Me how to spell it. It well know's a doctor. So we have to call her Dr. Moody 'cause she'll be mad if I called her otherwise. Dr. Moody? Yeah. Just give Eddie your name that he's our producer. I got you. I the day. Hold on. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what's up Envy? What's up brother? What's your name? What's Up? This is EWF out of Florida. How you doing? What's up brother? Get it off of your chest. Yo. Just wanted to give you a shout out to you on that. Now what's up? Envy Charlemagne. What's going on? What up K piece to to Jess.


Good luck on the baby and everything. Charlemagne. I'm a big fan of yours, man. Listening to all the podcast. Thank you brother. Brilliant idiot. Everything. Reading your books, everything that Thank you black man. Hey, just calling in Envy. Appreciate you too. Just calling in to big up St. Lucia Julian outfit. The the 100 meter track winner. And this weekend, that's my country guys. You know the, the, the, the, the precedent that she set, man, she won our first medal in the premier event. That is big. That is big. That is big. Won the big up also. Chicago. Chicago. Congratulations. She put them jets on though, didn't she Put them to Look here man, look, If, you don't follow a track. You don't know about this lady. And and a lot of people are learning about her now.


She is a multinational champion, 60 meter champion and international champion. And a lot of people are like, well You know, they want to talk about the little controversy. I think you heard about it. You know something about Ari and Shelly Ann Frazier price couldn't get into a gauge. Yep, yep, yep. There's controversy about that. Whatever. But do not take that away from that young lady. She is a champion. She ran that University of Texas for years. She sure did. Big Time. Big time. Big shout out to Augustan. Luc in New York. They got a big population there. We're in New York, we're in Canada, we're in Ingram, we're in Florida, we're in Houston. We're all over The. World. And 185,000 people on that island are so happy this, this week. Plus she's gonna try to do it again in the 200 man. I was just hoping that she medaled.


But she came through with the gold. Our first gold ever bro. Our first medal ever. Congratulations man. When I said when she put on them jets and she put on the jets. It wasn't the first time she put on the jets in the preliminaries too. She's still my final. Yep, she should. Yeah, she put them jets on. They said she, she practices or, or I should say trains out in Texas. And they said she's a beast. Yeah, she trained out. But she's fast. She's fast man. Congratulations. Congratulations to the whole island. Yeah bro, appreciate that. Just one to bring up all evolution worldwide, man. Thank y'all for doing now. Keep going out thing bro. Please, king. All right, now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up right now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club.


Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, char man. Envy. What up? Are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now here and tell you what it's We live. Hello, who's this? Hey, good morning, this is aj. Hey, good morning aj. Get it off your chest. Hey Guys. So I was just calling to just shout out to Larry is sending her many blessings hoping that her labor and her post delivery goes well. Just a quick drop suggestion. I think it's important if she can, she takes time to look into post massages, to take care of herself, her self wellness You. know all of this is great in terms of hormone regulation.


I'm not sure If, you guys know, I know you have several babies and daughters and children, but hormones like estrogen do increase at significant level during pregnancy and then decrease after delivery. So just making sure that she has a well balance of hormones. And this is coming from a mom of five. Okay? Okay. Well thank you so much. You're Welcome. Have a blessed day guys. Gina. Hello. Who's this? Yes sir. Ja from Indy. Ja from Indy. Ja, you still winning that bet? I know your friends was betting you how many times you could get through going to Breakfast Club. I got that on lock, but I got some good news. And I got some bad news, so Yes sir. I'm still winning to bet. Good morning, by the Way. Good morning. What's the bad news though? The Bad news is, so my brother gets out of prison in about a month.


He's been locked up for 28 years. I don't have the guts to tell my mom we ain't that cool. Like he's different. He ain't the same guy I was when I was 15. So she's all excited. Your brother coming home and there's three more of us and I'm like, I don't know him, but okay, well I'll play along. So that's the bad news. The good news is I'm still on D and Mary, my best friend. So we locked in. All right. So your brother's coming home after what? 27, 28 years. So what, what was that? A manslaughter. A murder. Murder. Yeah, murder. My mom ain't listening. So she, she still don't think he did it, but You know how That is. And how old, how old, how old was he when he did it though? Let's see, I was 15. He was 21. Mm Damn. You don't think people change you, don't you, you don't speak to him. You don't think people change? He sat down for 28 years, so I'm pretty sure he, he he, he had to change it.


Hopefully he realize what he did was Wrong. I I listen man, trust your gut. Go with your discernment. If your discernment is telling you something, hey, go with it. Okay? That ain't up to you. I'm Not saying, I didn't mean to interrupt. I didn't say he didn't change. I said we've changed that, that just don't know who he is in for after 28 years, mama want me to be all excited. I'm like, okay mama. I play alone. But when he get home, we ain't about to be sliding. That's right. You don't know that man. You Gotta get, he got a Whole thing going on. You, you gotta get to know him all over again and he gotta get to know you all over again. And y'all may not mesh after all of this time, But give him a shot though. Just don't, just don't throw him to the side because he did 28 years. He's coming home. Give him, give him a shot. I Got, I'm gonna take him shopping, buy him some food and then we gonna see what happens. Buy him some food.


All right brother, have a good one. You too. Yep. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. When we come back, we got just with the mess Justice out on maternity leave. So we're holding it down for her. Do you want a piece of hip hop history? You could possibly put your, your bid in and maybe win something that's, I would say very valuable, but not only valuable, very monumental when it comes to hip hop. We'll explain when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club Today. Feel like every bid of Monday, you hear me? How y'all feel out there? Y'all feel like it's Monday. Definitely Feels like it's Monday Because it is. Yeah it is. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess.


Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Jess is out on maternity leave. But let's get to Jess with the mess. Real Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide measure on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off. And, and just for the record, for people just joining us, Jess has not had the baby Yet. No she hasn't. But it could happen any day. At any day. That's right. Any day now. Now do you want a piece of hip hip hop history? You got a chance to own a piece of hip hop history.


That's because Damon Dash's one third stake in Rockefeller records is going up for auction later this month. Now United States Marshal Service will auction off his 33.3% in the company to satisfy a $823,000 debt that he is owed. Now, movie producer by the name of Josh Weber sued him and won. So he's owed $823,000. And Dame Dash has to let go of his stake in Rocka feller records. Now the auction is set for August 29th at a hotel in Manhattan. And the minimum bid will be $1.2 million. But bidders will be required to pay $240,000 deposit just to bid. Now I'm sure You know Jay-Z or Bigs, somebody's gonna purchase that, right?


Like you're not gonna just let that fall into just some, just any old body's hands. Well, You could, and this is the reason why. Well, you can't make any moves on your 33.3% stake because it has to be voted on. And of course, Jay and Bigs are probably vote the way that they wanna vote. So you really have no voting rights. But not only that, after 35 years artists are allowed to get their masters back. So that means you'll have this until about 2031. And in 2031 it goes back into the hands of JayZ. So to spend $1.2 million, you might as well just wait till 2031. You get it back anyway. No what? Not necessarily what you mean. You still don't want it to fall into the wrong hands. 'cause what they, who knows what they could use it for over the next four or five years.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t and their best deals, those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. With this amazing deal, you can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. Any year any condition deals so good, it will have you shouting from the rooftop. So get yourself down to the street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at T connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


This is Holly Fry from stuff you Missed in History class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all-wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain from the road to the trails and with plenty of passenger and cargo space. Plus available tech like wireless charging, you and your entire crew can stay connected or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. And with available features like the panoramic moonroof, you can sit back, enjoy the wide open views with your whole family. Plus both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. So visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com Toyota, let's go places


You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number, the power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back With plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news. To save up to 40% terms apply,


You have to vote on it because you only have a third of it. So whatever you want to do, it has to be voted on Bigs and Jay. Oh, got you. Gotcha. You gotcha, gotcha. He had the percentage of it. Okay. Yeah, but Davee You know Dame, he didn't have the $823,000 to pay the lawsuit. So he has to let that go. That's unfortunate. Very unfortunate. All right, now John B, you You know who John B is. Right. Stop Disrespecting me. I'm just making sure. But If, you I'll Disrespect Me on this. If, you don't know who John B is. Not the mood. Legendary RB singer in the nineties. This was his joint in the nineties. Alright, that was John B. Now John B was, That wasn't even the joint Joint. That was the Joint. Joint.


Oh you still down was the Joint. Joint? No, that was the joint. Joint. No. Are you still down Tupac? The joint Joint You crazy. They was both, are you still down with Tupac? Was the joint Joint. That was the joint. That was the joint though. Yes. Well John B was on the, can we talk r and b podcast And he spoke about his song because people are sampling it and this is what he had to say. It does get sampling every year. Sure. You know by someone last year was Gunna and Chloe Bailey. That's right. How they put that, that that ratchet record out that I couldn't stand. Oh man. And I. Wish they never did and actually never got my rights to do that record either. So we gotta gonna, we gotta holler about that. That's some business. Take care. That's, that's some business we gotta handle.


But yeah, I mean You know what it's all, it's all a compliment to what we did. He said he never got the what from Him? Never got the clearance. It aint must not be your record then John P Well this is Gunna and Chloe Bailey's version of it. Listen to Well he didn't like that too much. Well Somebody had to clear it and whoever cleared it must clearly on the record, I'm just saying John BI mean to put it out to sell. Yes, absolutely. It has to be cleared. And it's not an independence, it's a real label. So they would definitely have to clear it. But he also talks about Justin Timberlake and how he feels about Justin Timberlake Point.


Everyone starts with an influence. Yeah, everyone starts with an influence whether you admit it or not, You know. Yeah, I mean You know. Look at Justin Timberlake. He wouldn't be anywhere if it wasn't for me. No, I'm just playing. Obviously You know what you, I'm sorry, but that new, that new single though is trash and I'm not feeling this music at all. Drop on a clue bomb. John B what? John b. John B don't care at this point. John B is a og. Okay. He's earned the right to say everything that he's saying right now. He doesn't. And if he thinks that the single is trash is trash, it might be, I don't even know what he's talking about. What song you talking about? I didn't hear it. I ain't hear the Justin Timberlake single. I ain't hear it Either. So it might be, but in Justin Timberlake news, Justin Timberlake, he doesn't have a license anymore.


That's because the judge actually revoked his driving privileges. Justin Timberlake arranged for a second time this time the pop star appearing via video conference from Europe where he has been on tour. He was calm but serious and only said yes Your Honor. A few times the 10 time Grammy winner pleaded not guilty to the DWI charge. He got back in June for allegedly driving drunk in the Hamptons in court Friday morning. The judge suspending the singer's driver's license in the state of New York until the matter is resolved citing he refused to take a breathalyzer the day of his arrest. His attorney, ed Burke withdrew his motion to dismiss the case because of the case stood Timberlake could face the possibility of being rearrested.


Yeah. So now Justin Timberlake does not have his license until he goes back to court and we'll see what happens now. Now if he can afford a driver, he'll be fine. That's what he should have had to begin with. And he wouldn't had, wouldn't have had the DUI. That's right. Now lastly, could you imagine buying a car and it was once owned by cash Money records? I mean, when you purchase a car, we never know who really owned the car. Right? Well in this case, when the guy purchased the car, he was looking and found a notebook. When he opened up this notebook, it just happened to be Lil Wayne's old lyric notebook. Okay, that's amazing. So he decided to sell it in 2019. He tried to sell it for $250,000. But Little Wayne's legal team issued a cease and desist claiming they had no right to sell his lyrics.


They went back in court. But allegedly, little Wayne's attorneys never responded in the court. So the judge actually favored for the person that purchased the car. So now he's selling that notebook for $5 million. I guess I just, I mean, I'm just trying to figure out what is, what is the value in these things? I mean, I know what type of value they have when you're a hip hop head, but how does Lil Wayne's notebook appreciate with value over time if you're just buying it for an investment? That's, that's what I'm trying to figure out. Well, I would, I would think it would, it should go into some type of hiphop museum or, or But how much is that worth? I don't Know. That's my point. At $5 million. I, eh, I mean, 'cause people spend all that money on somebody's guitar, somebody's first outfit that they wore on a concert.


So I mean, that would be in the insane, Once again, what is that worth? That's worth asking Something because people buy it all the time. People buy these items all the time. It's just because they buy it don't mean it's worth something. In the long run though, that's all I'm saying. Do these things appreciate with value? Can you pass these things on to your kids in the future and say, Hey, this is a, this is a asset that's ab actually worth something. I think you can, I mean, especially Lil Wayne being one of the, the greatest rappers of all times. I mean, you look at some of the artifacts and things from Michael Jackson. Gimme an example. Sh tell me somebody who, whose notebook out there that has lyrics in it that is worth something I'm asking. I don't know. I I don't know notebook, but I'm, yeah, I mean you look at Tupac's jewelry that sold for way over What he paid for it. But that, but but people that buy it are actual hip hop heads is what I'm saying.


Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like and that's different. A ring is different than You know. The ring that Drake bought is different than a notebook full of lyrics. If that's the case, I can start writing lyrics now and tell y'all that this was You know Jay-Z from 1996 or somebody You. know what I mean? Like you can, you can make anything up. That's all I'm Saying. Well, I don't know If, you wanna purchase that notebook? You can. It's going up for $5 million and the company that's selling is moments in time. So If, you got 5 million and you wanna spend it on Lil Wayne's notebook? Go ahead. And that is just with the mess all Jess as mess. All right. Now when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us and then Polo G will be sitting down with us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah, I'm gonna tell you what's up. This conversation about Vice President Kamala Harris's race ethnicity. It's ongoing. So Republicans are defending Donald Trump's comments, questioning Kamala Harris's race. In an interview with ABC's this week, Florida Congressman Byron Donald's called it a phony controversy, but went on to say her presidential campaign is now talking much more about her black identity. Let's hear more from Byron Donalds Like, this is really a phony controversy. I don't really care.


Most people don't. But if we're gonna be accurate, when Kamala Harris went into the United States Senate, it was AP that said she was the first Indian American United States senator. It was actually played up a lot when she came into the Senate. Now she's running nationally. Obviously the campaign has shifted. They're talking much more about, about her father's heritage and her black identity. I've never seen, I've never seen the Vice President not called Indian. I've never seen her not called black. I've never seen her not called a woman. Every single time You know, they talk about her being the first something. They named those three things. Yeah, I mean, but it is true. She was the first Indian and, and You know whatever. But yeah, she, she talks about also to be all of those things. Yeah, she all Things she is all of those things.


She is, Yeah. I don't know why we have to box her in to be one or the other. And even those clips from years ago from The Breakfast Club here You know that they are resurfacing where she actually says she identifies as a black woman. But this week host George Stephanopoulos. Press Donald over why Republicans continue doubting Harris's Black identity, noting that she is biracial. It's possible to be both Trump during an interview at the national of all. This comes from You know Trump's interview at the National Association of Black Journalists, NABJ last week, where he claimed Harris has turned black to quote him after identifying as Indian for years now.


Meanwhile, California Democratic Senator Lafon Butler said the former president's comments were despicable. And she made those comments while speaking to CNN State of the Union. Let's hear from her. It is an insult. It is despicable. This is a woman who is born in Oakland, California, who has declared and lived proudly her ident all of her identities her entire life. Donald Trump wants to divide our country. The vice President wants to unite us and to bring everyone forward no matter their identity. When he has the courage to meet her on the debate stage, I'm sure she will take care of any and clear up any confusion that he has about who she is.


Fair enough. So she said that Trump's rhetoric distracts from the real problems facing, facing the nation. And the contrast between the two presidential candidates couldn't be clear. She adds this line of attack is the only card Trump can play. That's it. When criticizing the bp, you Agree? That's, that's all he got. And I. I I just truly believe discussing You know the Vice President's race is a complete waste of time. Like I don't care about someone's identity, I care about my interest. And I look to see the issues that the candidate is pushing. What's their agenda and does it align with my interest period. What folks should be discussing, what they should be focusing on is do we currently have a healthy enough democracy to have a fair and free election? 'cause I believe in November we gonna see mass refusals to certify elections all over the country from Republicans.


And in light of all the recent rulings that the Supreme Court has made, what makes us believe that when all these election deniers and the Republican Party and Donald Trump challenge the results of the election, if they lose the Supreme Court won't overturn the results. These are the things we need to be raising hell about. Yeah, they, They only talk, they only talk about two things. They talk about her race, they talk about who she dated before and her being a prosecutor. Those are the only three things that they've been talking about. And it's getting exhausting because she's talked about every last one of them. So it's like, where are we going from here? I ain't gonna hold you Charlamagne, you low key have been calling some things out and then they've been happening. So I, I got my eye on it. One thing thing I could honestly say we are all interested in is team USA. That's when we get real patriotic. Right? So over the weekend, SHA Carrie Richardson, she came up with a lot of people will say it short, but I see a medal secured in the 100 in the women's 100 meter final at the Paris Olympics on Saturday near Richardson was a last off the blocks and she secured a silver medal after getting knocked off by St.


Lucia's. Julian Alfred again as mentioned that is St. Lucia's first gold medal ever. So shout out to them. Richardson said that a sta a strong start can make or break a race. Let's hear more from Shari. Definitely Been honing in on working on that first 30 showing that if I set up my first 30 properly, it will carry on down the rest of the track start to finish. My only mindset was to execute, knowing that as soon as I execute the race is gonna handle itself. Now American Melissa Jefferson, she finished right behind Sha Careri to secure bronze for the United States on the men's side of team USA Noah Lyles. He is the fastest man in The World. He won gold in the 100 meter race with a time of 9.79 seconds.


Just five 1000th of a second ahead of Jamaica's Khan Thompson. Now Lyles wins the first for us in the event in 20 years. Now. He took the social media with a message saying, I have asthma, allergies, dyslexia, a DD, anxiety and depression. But I will tell you that what you have does not define what you can become. Shout out to him on that. Also, women's basketball, there's so much to talk about with the Olympics. Oh my goodness. Women's basketball team will finish off group stage play in a matchup against Germany. Today the US team is two and oh so far in the Olympics with the blowout wins over Japan and Belgium.


Team USA met Germany on July 23rd in an exhibition game and they beat them 84 to 57. So hopefully that is the case again today.


Make sure you guys stay looped on everything we have right here on the free iHeartRadio app. iHeart is the exclusive audio home of NBC's coverage for the 2024 Paris Olympics.


Did Carrie Richardson's story is amazing You know what I mean? The fact that she was barred You know from competing in 2021 and then You know a few years later she comes back and wins the silver. I I I can't do nothing but salute that. Absolutely. Absolutely. And then she had You know that situation where she was waiting outside the gate. So between her And I, believe Jamaica, Shelly Ann Frazier, Shelly Ann Frazier actually withdrew from the race while I believe Shaki was. She just waited and waited until they allowed her access. And that did impact her warmup time. But You know, hey you can't keep a good man down. There You go. Alright y'all, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media and be sure to catch more news coverage at the Black Information Network and BIN news.com.


Talk to y'all later. All right, now when we come back, polo g will be joining us. His new album, hood Poet comes out this Friday, August night. So we gonna kick it with him when we come back. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got our niece NLA with us today. We got a special guest in the building. Ho og. Welcome. What's up? How you feeling brother? All good. New album Dropping Hood Poet. For sure. Yeah. We haven't seen you in a in a while. Yeah. Been a minute. It's been a minute. What took so long? You know I went through a lot of things You know with my music and just personally kept on derailing me.


I'm actually like glad I went through everything 'cause I feel like I went and got the product that I ended up with. And. I feel like it's the best one that I could have had any year that I would've dropped. What were you going through? Was it like a writer's block or you didn't know what sound you wanted or label All the above You know. And What about personally? You said personally was it late? We'll get to the personal talking about the music first Before we get into the new music because Got some girl over here get into the personal when he said Something bald, I wanna know why, what took it so Long? I really, at first they told me like, oh, polo G flipped the Michael Jackson record And. I'm like, not Mike, like how dare you. But then I actually really liked the record. Were you not comfortable? 'cause it was a more like mainstream poppy type record.


I mean it's still rap but was did you feel like you were going different from like your core music? You Saying like with my new album? No, I feel like I was definitely giving back to my core. Okay. Because like my project that I dropped beforehand, I was trying to be more, a little more mainstream versatile. Like on this album. That's why I titled the Hood Poet. 'cause I connected back with my Roots. What's a hood poet to you? It's like a spokesperson for the neighborhood. You know person's really speaking on telling everybody's story at once, not just his. How can you still relate to the hood Polo? I mean you you, you living lodge in la we see you walking down Rodeo Drive. You got a big stack of money. Feel free to pass Uncle Hunting If. you want to, but I'm just saying I'm just watching you Polo.


I'm watching hanging out your pocket You know saying don't, Don't you dare. I got it. But how can you still relate to the hood? I mean it is where I come from. I'm gonna always naturally relate to them. You know I still got close feelings with like my family, friends, everybody that still come from that You know I'm really You know. I really come from it for real. So it's in I'ma always. Yeah. You Feel a bit of a survivor's remorse? I feel like I do at times though. Like overdoing for people. Feeling like, damn, I know I was in that situation before. You ever get caught up in a, in a, in a feeling that you have to go back and help. Yeah. I feel like that's a good thing though. Having that type of obligation or feeling obligated. What is the acronym for Hood? Poet It stand for?


He overcame obstacles during pain or emotional trauma. Hmm. So have you been exploring that? Like have you been talking to like a therapist or a counselor? Just This I tried a few times. Okay. Yeah, I I do want to make it more like a regular thing, but I have like yeah, a few times before. Yeah, You gotta find the right person. Once you find the right therapist and y'all lock in, you'll, you'll be consistent. Yeah, that's what I feel like it is Because I saw a couple months ago you posted drugs and liquor helped me cope with pain, but I need better vices. Have you found any better vices? Yeah, I really laid back off drinking. I ain't been drinking for a little while. I'm say that long. It probably been only like a month. But no, I be really like working out a lot.


I hoop from time to time. Like, I like being by myself. I feel like that's a, a decent vice if it is one. But like being by myself helped me think clearly. Now Hall of Fame was the number one album. Did you set any expectations for yourself when you was working on Hood Poet after having so much success with Hall of Fame Fame? Definitely like creating the album and coming off of my album being so big at first, that was my main primary goal. But like after all the time how I went past, my biggest thing was just getting the music out and just making sure it was like the best music that I could put together and really just trying to put my soul into it. But definitely early on that was probably one of my primary focuses and then it shifted.


I saw a lot of people saying that they was wondering why Lil T Jst featured on the Album. Man, me and tj, we just be having to lock in Brody. He be gone like probably 80% of the year. Like you can never really get ahold of him, but that's still my boy. We, we, we locked in forever. Oh, y'all be doing records. Y'all be in the studio together like Yeah, Most of the time that's like the only rapper that I be in the studio with. Like most of the time we, I just send a track back and forth, like a lot of feature records that I have. I probably had two or three songs with Lil Baby before I ever met him in person. Me and tj, we always lock in. We got that chemistry together. Now You know a while ago I gave you a donkey of today because you was saying that you were one of the only rappers with no security.


Now you got all this jewelry on And, I, And, I. The reason i, I was so disappointed because I'm like, yo, polo has always been one of the small ones. Yeah, you walk around all the jewelry, you got money hanging out your pocket. Why was you testing the streets in that way? Polo That wasn't like, sometimes I feel like, 'cause I ain't always out there, people don't know like when I'm trolling or just playing around sometimes like there wasn't no like, I'm trying to entice nobody or trying to puff my chest out. I was just really bored. Like I ain't even like You know. I probably was four hours away by the time I posted that You know, like I ain't no goofy like that. I just be trolling something. And that's something I've been doing since the beginning of my career is just like I be forgetting that I'm at a bigger point in my career where people would take down anything and yeah, You know.


So I, that was definitely a learning, like something that I had to learn to just be more mindful of. With Hippo being your comeback project from the break that you took, what is like the takeaway you want people to get from This? That I really put my all into the project. That I took my time with it because this the longest it ever took me to drop a project in my career. Like I, I was on the cycle of dropping a album every nine months in the beginning of my career. So like with taking so much time, it had to be the best that I could create. Were you nervous doing this album? 'cause you said that you wanted to stop your vices, whether it was drinking or, or or, or drugs. So without using vices during this or doing that, were you thinking that maybe your mind couldn't put out a album, you couldn't rap without those vices?


Was was that a fear at all? Sometimes that's, that's a thing You know coming early on into my career, like Aha, like pills was my thing a lot. And I made a lot of good songs off drugs. You would start thinking like, oh, that's the only way I'ma and then like you this, it is really just a thing of


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help. Especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff You Missed in History class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive you can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. And with available features like heated seats in a multimedia touch screen, you can stay connected and comfort and style or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip and agile sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a dependable Corolla built just for you. Plus both Camrys and Corollas are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and affordably. So visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on Camrys Corollas and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota. Let's go places.


This is Dr. Joy Hard and Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls.


You. know that Amazon has millions of books so you can find one that gives you just the reading feeling you're looking for. You know, like if you're looking for a relaxed ah, feeling like with a beach read, Amazon has got it covered. Or If, you're looking for more of a terrified ah, with evil twins or things lurking in the woods or something. Amazon's got you. I mean even If, you want aw Teen Romance. Amazon has it covered too. Amazon books that reading feeling awaits


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Finding yourself You know, I feel like now at this point in my life, I make my best music sober. And how did you get off those vices? How, how did you finally wean off and say, I'm not doing this anymore. Was it a scare? Was it family, was it management or was it Yourself? It's always myself. It's definitely like dealing with the like mental problems that come with it. Like You know, You know when you drink too much and then it's like you trying to pull yourself out of that depression or that darkness. Like going through that not wanting to be in that head space again is what really made me stray away from it. You think you're trying to escape something? 'cause You know when I listen to a record like You know barely holding on and you like You know def is deaf in the air that will leave you with a chilled spine.


Even though my spirit's down, like I'm okay, I feel fine. Shots from that still nine aim from that hillside. I'm from the trenches where they just murder just to kill time. Like it feels like you, feels like you dealing with some real dark stuff on this album. So you feel like you was doing all that just to try to escape? For sure. For sure. I feel like that's it go hand in hand with the the just the rapper lifestyle too. While you may indulge in certain things, but I definitely feel like it's a escape thing sometimes too. Yeah, because on turning back you say I need some therapy. Like you literally say that for sure. So you, you're clearly self-aware that there's something going on. Yeah, For sure. And even now having a con, even talking to you now, I feel like mentally you might be somewhere else.


Like you got a lot on your mind Always though. That's that's, that's just me. Does It make these press runs even more difficult? 'cause You know you gotta go out here and promote the album, but then you dealing with real life issues as well. Press Runs going to be a little difficult to me 'cause I ain't really like a person that like to talk. So We know Also on No Turning back, you talk about how you gave your heart to the streets and got nothing in return. Where would you say your heart is now? My heart right now is with my family. My son. I love my son a whole lot. And. I. That's why I want, I wouldn't say shift my focus, but like be more attentive in that area. Yeah. How Old is your little man? E five. Oh, okay. Okay. How has fatherhood has changed you?


Because you, you young polo you, so you was a young pop. Yeah, it changed me for the better for sure. It, it be teaching me patience. I'm, I'm a very impatient person, but dealing with my son helped me l learn to be more patient and just see the beauty in life for real. All right. We got more with Polo G when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Nla is hanging with us today and we got a special guest. We're kicking it with Polo g Charlamagne. I I wanna stay on the turning back record 'cause you talk about your brother and you said I missed my broski, threw it all. You was, you was there for me. How was his absence affecting you on a day-to-Day basis and, and just what he's going through because he's he was charged with murder, right?


Yeah. I wasn't even talk talking about my my blood brother. I was talking about my homie B Money who passed away in 2021. Oh wow, Okay. But definitely my, my little brother You know we was tight, we was close. So I, I I speak to him. I be missing him a lot though. That's like, that was my dog. I mean that is my dog And letter for my props. You talking about how you don't wanna let your son down like that is one of your biggest fears? Yeah. But I feel like You know you did have your kid once you, you got money you up. What is the fear of that? You can take care of yourself. You can take care of your family. I I just know how important it was to me. Like for my father to be there for me and definitely just being there for my son a a a an important thing for me.


'cause I know how how much it count to put that time in my pops was death for me for everything. Every little point in my life. Making sure we did our homework. Some as simple as hanging your jacket up, playing catch with you in the backyard. Like that's things a kid gonna remember more than me being able to pay for anything for my son. Yeah. So, so it was important for you to give your dad his flowers as well, you Feel? For sure. I love it. And that's him on the record too. Yeah. That's him. Yeah. That's cool. What else did you learn from your pops? Like I, I really wanna know like how did, how did having a father figure keep you from really You know succumbing to the streets of Chicago? My Pops, he a real really wise person. You know he always going to give you the pros and cons to any situation.


Somebody that's real easy to talk to. I feel like he kept me away from or out of trouble a lot of times. A lot of times. You know or just being that voice of reason You know. When you having conversations with your son or interactions with your son, what do you do that you like? Damn that that was my pops my pop did this for me. Like It's a lot of things I do. I feel like it's similar to my pops. We almost like the same person. I see that in damn day. I think I do. What What's your, what's your relationship now with your, with your mother Stacey Mack? Because she was your manager? She not no more though, right? No, she not my manager no more. You know. That's my, that's my mama Always love my mama. You just probably ain't in the best space right now on communicating terms but that's, that's my og I'm always loved.


Damn. How how did you fire your moms? How did that conversation go? That had to be a tough one. It was just a mutual thing. You know it wasn't really nothing to it. This thing Knew Michael and Joe. Janet and Joe still Gotta be a call conversation 'cause that's moms like, Yes, You know. Did she go hard for you though? She do like hard. Do y'all still communicate now or Nah. Often You know but it's still communication there. It just, it is just not like how it used to be. But I feel like that's just a rough patch in our relationship that it get back to where it was. When you see family, public issues spill over the social media like You know everybody saw the situation between your mom and your sister, do you intervene or do you let them work that up? For sure I'm always intervene. It is like I don't wanna see no like that You know so I'm gonna always try to get in between and before it go too far, that gotta be a Rough one.


If, you didn't go too far. They was fighting and shooting at this in Chicago. You in Chicago. I might have to start adding Chicago with Florida. He said before it go too far. It was too far. They was fighting and shooting polo like see that's normal to Chicago people like Oh little That is definitely normal to Chicago People. That was Crazy. Is it even something that can be worked out you think? Yeah, For sure. We family. I mean I feel like cuss who I am that's it's it is just being broadcasted more and like everybody gonna talk about it. But every, everybody family go through like that's accustomed to. I'm like You know minus the shooting. Right? No, that's normal to him.


And and how do you intervene? 'cause you can't pick a side. It's, it is like you almost gotta just try to put 'em both in the room and be like, let's have this conversation. Yeah, that's, that's definitely the angle to take. 'cause my sister a pretty headstrong person. She, her mother child You know you definitely gotta be it. Have you tried that yet? Have you tried to have them work it out on the phone first? Of course because you don't want 'em in the room yet but to, to try to get the, their feelings out and squash it because they mom and daughter, It's something that I want to get around to, but I'm definitely letting them breathe a little bit more Right now. I just like, I just like the energy that y'all bro. I always liked the cap a lot. I liked watching y'all as a, as a family unit You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. I just thought that was dope. Mom helped managing the rapper son. I just thought that was dope. Now you mentioned you grew antisocial and you said it's all, it's y'all's fault.


Who, who is y'all? I ran through a lot of different friends or just like people I was associated with and it's like I always go through a phase of having to cut off a lot of different people. A lot of people came and went in my life but like that keep me even more standoffish than I was before. To be fair, you also are evolving as an artist and in You know and a man in personal life and then like public persona too. So some people are just there to get you to your next phase. Yeah. But I wanna talk about your creative process but then this project, can you describe, 'cause you said this is the longest You know that it took for you to put this together.


What was it like? Did you create en beat You know? Was it more like poems because it is Hood poet? Like what was that? I was locked in with a producer. I was locked in with Southside 8 8 0 8 Mafia fire. And we had locked in for like two months and we cr we made like a large bulk of the album in them two months. Like probably like let's say eight or nine of the 18 songs that's on there. So we was just building that chemistry and really went from there. Who else Was on the project besides 8 0 8? He got a, he got a team of producers. Oh. Fired. So I, Matt is one of his producers that I work real closely with and a TL Jacob on there. I got Oz from Chicago.


He on there. I got a lot of producers on there though. You said check The credits, check the credits. Who did we a shoot? That was that, that was outside I'm sure. I'm sure that's not how you pronounce it. I'm sure that's, we A Ute. I'm sure that's not it but that is how it's spelled. We a Ute I'm sure. I don't know what, why did y'all name it was because they a shoot. It's how, I don't know what accident that was. We a shoot though. Like, I don't know what that was. I, I put like that's how I talk. I ain't wanna put Will. I think that would've sounded weird or it would've been a weird title That's in the hook. We got the guns. We'll shoot. No I ain't worried about what he'll do. Are you ever nervous about that? Seeing what's going on with Young Thug put stuff like that around like damn, I wonder if they could ever use this against me any time.


I'm not worried 'cause I'm not doing nothing. Okay, Well you did get arrested back in April. Polo there was a loaded firearm in a hotel room. I don't know if it was yours but, Alright, Got you. Okay. Okay. Anti-social. He you gonna tell See, see You know but you see, here's the thing coming from the street. You are, you are a legitimate businessman now. So if it's not yours, I feel like it's okay to say it's not mine. Yeah. You may not have to say whose it's, but it ain't mine. Polo G your counselor would say don't say anything until the court date. All right. We got more with Polo G when we come back it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Nila is hanging with us this morning as we kick it with Polo g Charlamagne. Did you see the discussion that Vlad TV was having where he was talking about he got concerns about you? 'cause he feels like you might have one foot in the street still. What are your thoughts about people who have those concerns? I, like I said, I think they shouldn't have that concern at all. 'cause I'm not doing, I'm, I I go home after I come from the studio. And, I don't really, ain't nothing too much going on in my life. I'm just You know. I'm just a rapper. I feel like You know brothers who survived the streets of Chicago. They're, they're literally like actual soldiers just because of everything that they've experienced. The trauma, the PTSD and stuff.


So, so is it hard finding happiness now? 'cause you live a great life, but is it hard actually being happy because of all the traumas of your past and, and things you might still be dealing with now? I Feel like I cope with it with that stuff pretty well. 'cause like it's, it like, like how we was saying earlier, it do, it is something that become regular. Like I don't really be too throwed off by like death or nothing no more. So I be really able to accept a lot of that stuff now. But I do have those moments of survivors remorse or just like my trauma's catching up to me sometimes. But I feel like all in all, IIII cope with it. Well I mean I, I got advice that I didn't really touch on is music though, right? Like I'm always had that in my pocket to be able to deal with my problem Are are you accepting of it or just numb to it?


That's, that's the difference, right? Like learning to accept something and just being numb to it. A little bit of both. You said music is one of your vices. What are some of the things you listen to to cope? Like artists or even decade? I like all type of music. I'm, I'm always on YouTube. I, I like r and b music or just like, I wouldn't even consider it r and b because like what, what category? Like sexy drill fall under, that's like rap and r that's sexy Drill. It's What the hell is sexy Drill? It's R and b but drill because I like that Kani song. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. That Record's great. Killing the No Kalani. We just, the name of the song Is Kalani play. I'm saying but they call it sexy drill. Why? Because you killing No, not killing her.


Literally like drill it up Music on drill beats. Oh, gotta talk to Unc sometimes. That's sexy. That's sexy. The women, It's called Sexy Drill. We didn't name it men named it. Well Nah, If you was with a man oh boy. And y'all was set the mood. No, do not put that on. What, what are we even Doing? Are you out here setting the mood, the sexy drill? No, not, no. I really don't really like that term like that. But I just rock with it. Like The sound. Yeah. Yeah, I like the Sound. Now, now VLA also you FaceTimed him. You said you wanted to meet up with him face to face. Like what, what, where did all that start from? Like what is the issue? Because you called him the feds Vlade Man, it was really a situation where I came across him and act having a sit down and my name came up and VLA had a issue with me making a tweet, responding to a tweet that somebody made about him being the police.


This before I ever seen the interview about him being the police, And I, And I said some along the lines like, I agree You know. And then we end up seeing each other in the bank. He chopped it up with me. I really left it alone. I ain't never say nothing about him since. But like the way he was talking in the interview would act is like he was, I don't know, like he still felt the way and he's saying that he, that I didn't never respond to him for an interview. And then it is like he just fake got to going in And I didn't really understand that from a person who had an issue with me speaking on him publicly. So that's really where my issue came from. And, I try, I'm trying to talk to him like a man, like it ain't really one no more to it. But then he trying to remind me he 50, you should have known that before he speaking on me though.


And y'all had an actual meeting? No, he don't ran into each other. They ran into each other at the bank? Yeah. Yeah, he, I ran into him at the bank. So you pulled Up on him or did he say, Hey, I'm glad or did You know it was was him? As soon as you see him, nobody Know what looked like I was in the line at the bank. He this like, during Covid time he got his mask on. But I like You know, I looked back at him. And, I smiled. That's when he was willing to engage in conversation I guess. And we really, it wasn't really nothing, we just chopped it up about like how, why he felt the way You said. You also said in the song, you can't relapse off these drugs. RIP the juice. You really took your last perk with juice because you said that in the red. You said I popped my last one with you. Yeah, yeah. I haven't did that since really?


How long ago was that? Like Five years ago. Oh, okay. Okay. You remember that last experience outside of just the drugs? Yeah. I, I, I remember my last time just kicking it with juice period. I had, he, he used to stay 15 minutes away from me. So I pulled up on, I used to pull up on him. A lot of times he had hit me like, yo bro, just pull up on me today. We don't, we didn't record music a lot of those times. I just, we was just kicking it together. So that was one of those days. What Did Juice mean to the city? A lot. Juice man. He like You know he a rock star. Like he different, he really separated himself from the rest of the pack. Feel like he definitely one of a kind, a lot of people appreciate him and it's, and it's like a dope thing. Like people coming from a lot of different upbringings that's able to like, support or rock with juice.


'cause like some of his music, you would hear it and you wouldn't naturally think people in the hood or play this. But like people, everybody rock with Juice, bro. Now you also got the, you you got a September 18th reference on the album. Is that related to your, your your late friend who passed away in Chicago? No. Yeah, that's one of my other homies though. A homie. His name was T Gucci. He he passed away. He passed away. I was 15. He was 16. Yeah. Got killed, right? Yeah. He got killed. Yeah. Damn. How much, how much death and have you experienced? You even know what grief feels like. I I know what grief feel like. I, I went, I went, I dealt with death closely a lot since I was like a little kid. Like my first encounter with death For real or like a, a murder.


My, my uncle died in the shootout. I was like nine years old. That was like my first real experience dealing with that. And ever since then, that's like what I've been going through. But You don't feel pain anymore. It's just this feels natural now. I mean I definitely feel pain still. I'm a human but I just don't really read too much into it. 'cause I know You know people living certain lives. This what come with it. So What do you feel your duty is to your community? Is it to make records like we are shoot or is it to say You know what? I gotta say something to help the next generation be better? I definitely, in my music, I definitely dabble between the two. But if You know Polo g as a artist, like most of the time I'm speaking on the problems or like telling you how this messed up or that I could connect with you on a level.


I've been through something too. I feel like my main priority though, and my community specifically is just getting a hold of the kids. You know like everybody who been in the streets or had they own path and they adults, like, it's hard to patch them relationships up. Like I You know people pushing peace now and trying to patch them, but like everybody ain't gonna have that same mindset. It's the best thing to do is go get, get ahold of the youth before they get too deep into some type of issues. Absolutely. Because once, once, once bodies start dropping, it's hard to just go back and like, yeah. Okay, we good now? Yeah, yeah. I totally get it. Well let's get into a joint off the album. What You, what's the one? What's the one, what's the single we A shoot?


You talking about prolific What? Mercy. Oh Lord. Alright, Well let's get it on. We a shoot Polo G There with the accent. I said we a shoot With the exit Char. We are shoot. Hey, you make it Jamaican. You just make it Jamaican. We a shoot. We appreciate you for joining us bro. I appreciate y'all having It's The breakfast. Fuck. Good morning. Let's get to, let's get to Jess with the mess. You know Jess is on maternity leave. No, she did not have the baby yet, but no, She did have a baby. She's out. And let's get to just with the mess. Real Moore just don't do no lying. Don't She don't spell nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide Method on The.


Breakfast Club, she's a coaches shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it door. Drake is the Malcolm, X Of White People. I That sounds about right to me. I don't know why, but I just like the way that sounds. Nah, Stop it. Lemme Say the Malcolm X Of White People. Lemme Tell you where this came from. So DJ Mustard released the album last week. DJ Mustard's Faith of Mustard Seed. Well, academics posted that he sold 18,000 units in the first week with a fiery emoji and mustard thought he was playing with 'em. So Mustard responded on Instagram or tweets, whatever, which one it was on social media. He said album sales are a form of white supremacy. You IGAs racist.


Then he said, these Drake bots are the nation of drizzly. The bots are trying to fade me. I'm not mad. I'm at my son's basketball game. They were hooping and they just won. I figured I fade some bots. I'm still grateful a bot could never make me ungrateful. Then he says, Drake is the Malcolm, X, Of, White People and academics. Make sure you post Gordo season first week since straight thought. He did a thing by making him drop on the same Day as Is he saying that like, like that he's like, he's that he's that much of a hero to white people. That's what he's saying. Yes. Okay. Yes. I get what you, okay. Yeah. That I guess that's what must have meant by, but but Shouldn't we stop saying like record sales? Like, like isn't 18,000 sales, like, I don't know, hundreds of millions of screams?


Yes. Like shouldn't that, how shouldn't it be worded different nowadays? Shouldn't it be like If you had just such, such, such amount of screams. Yeah, But the, the, the bad thing about how many units you sell in your your first week, it really doesn't matter because like you said, it streams. If a if a record continues to stream, it's considered more and more and more and more sales. So I don't know why they, why people still care about it so much, but people definitely do ice, ice. She did 20,000 last week and she had major records. So I mean it really doesn't matter If you. Yeah, but That translates to how many millions of screams, like hundreds of millions of screams. Correct. So yeah, I mean I, I don't know. Yeah, thank God I'm not in the record Business. So that was DJ Mustard. Now the game, he talks about being a old father and one reason I say old father, he appeared on a tacos and trauma podcast and he was talking the fact that he's currently 44 and is expecting a child.


This is what he had to say. Then I heard you're expecting kids and twins. Twins is, yeah, you gotta stay off the internet, right? Yeah. I'm expecting one, one shot.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities. Text BB jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply,


This is Holly Fry from stuff you missed in history class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain from the road to the trails and with plenty of passenger and cargo space. Plus available tech like wireless charging, you and your entire crew can stay connected or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. And with available features like the panoramic moon roof, you can sit back, enjoy the wide open views with your whole family. Plus both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. So visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com Toyota let's go places.


This is Dr. Joy Hard and Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls. There are millions of books on Amazon, so there's a reading feeling for everyone. So if you're after that excited ha ha feeling like when you discover you have a lot in common with Vikings or something, Amazon has books for you. Or maybe you enjoy the sort of nervous ha ha that comes when the hero barely escapes the zombies. Or maybe you like the smug that comes when the villain gets what he deserves. You know Amazon has it all. Amazon books that reading feeling awaits


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Congratulations. Thank you. How do you feel about That? I, I think about it in terms of like years, right? Like I'm 44 so when my, when my new child is 21, I'll be 65. Right? Right. And that seems kind of old until you start thinking about who's 65 now. Exactly. But I think at the end of the day it's new life. It's gonna be a different parenting experience from when I was younger. So when I was younger I was still hardhead in the streets. And, I. Don't know how I even made it to this point in my life doing the things that I was doing. It'll just be interesting to to parent at this age. That's Exactly how I look at it. 'cause You know I, I had, let me see, yeah, 44. I got a 2-year-old.


Yeah, I'm 46 now. Yeah, I got a 2-year-old mine to be three in November. And I. Think just like that. I think. Okay, in 20 years she'll be 22. Yeah. And I'll be 66. Yeah. Steve Harvey 67. I'm good. Yeah. Okay. That's the way I look at it. But You know exactly how I look At it. Game has three kids. He has a 13-year-old, a 16-year-old and a 20-year-old. So yeah, but that's how it is. But I mean the way he raises the children will be a lot different because of course like he said when he was younger he was dumb. White white. There was a lot of things he didn't know. I'm sure he didn't have patience. And now with this, this, this new, this new young one, it'll be a lot different. And he's rumored to be having a child with Evelyn ADA's daughter right now. He also talks about that lawsuit, which You know game has to, to pay.


I think it was like $8 million. He lawsuit. Well he talks about that lawsuit as well. And I got all kind of mother suing falsely and doing this and doing that and all that. But it is, but it's cool. I don't even harbor no hate towards her. Just what is the resolution? 'cause I can't, I just can't. Why didn't you go to the court thing? Why that was a ard it so I had an orthodontic surgery. I thought that that would be You know that would suffice but it didn't. They could have just pushed it a week, but they didn't. But why would you chance that? Because I didn't give a fuck. I was younger. This is 10 years ago. All the appeals of, we've exhausted all that. And at the end of the day, man, like in her heart of heart, she knows that I didn't violate her and she knows how much she was like on me. And I still wasn't given what it, what she wanted to get.


I think it's Horrific. Yeah. The sad thing about that is that's why we have attorneys and his attorney should have went to that court date and and asked to get it pushed back or, or whatever it may be. Especially if he was having orthodontist surgery. You know. Now also game said in a post, he said, Annie iga that smokes hookah in 2024 can jump up and land in the splits. He said that as well. Can you do a split envy shut up because you definitely smoke hookah. Shut up Saucy Santana said you was gay. I'll never forget that. Drop on a clue bar from Salty Santana. He did not say I salty Santana said any man who smoke hookah is gay. He didn't say I was Gay though. And then he posted a picture of you smoking a hookah. No, 'cause you posted the picture added him and he reposted It. Why would I do something like that? Because you, you, I don't even sound like that And I would do.


Everybody knows that's what you did. Alright, now and lastly chapter 50 said You know we'll be in Shreveport, Louisiana this week. He's doing his humor in Harmony weekend and we're bringing the car shows down here. So If, you are in the surrounding cities. Make sure you pull up on us all weekend long in Shreveport. But 50 wins. It says a billion dollar lawsuit. So let tell you what happened now. Judge Torres ruled in favor of 50 cent and a $1 billion lawsuit brought against him by former drug kingpin. Corey Ghost hollered. Now Corey believes that the whole power series is based off of his life and was suing for a billion dollars. And the judge ruled that, no, it's not true. It wasn't based on his life. So 50 responded on Instagram.


He said full thought he was ghosts. The f wrong with these ninjas. Man, laugh out loud. So 51, that lawsuit. So he won't have to be paying any money for that. No. God bless. And that is Why would he think he was ghost For real though? Like I got what? What did he see in that show that made him say, that's my life? Well I guess his nickname is Ghost. Or maybe he thought it was based off his life, But man ain't nothing about power. Realistic, fantastic show. Okay. Anybody that was moving like that in real life would've got caught a long time ago. Long time ago. Okay. Tommy had the same car at the scene of every crime. Okay, cut it out. Yeah. So he lost that N 50 won't have to pay that billion dollars.


All right, now when we come back, we got donkey today. Who you giving your donkey To? Man? There's a police officer named Zachary Hyde who needs to come to the front of the congregation this morning. We'd like to have a word with him. Today's lesson Kids is about irony. Okay. Okay. Alright, We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. You better be a ass Charlamagne. Some donkey Days just saw themselves have been watching. Char Man was ready for you. Donkey. Donkey. I never heard donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Donkey.


And Charlemagne is saying is true. Don here today for Monday August 5th, goes to an Arizona police officer named Zachary Hyde. Now it's a teachable moment in this story. And the teachable moment is simply about irony. Life is too ironic. Okay? It takes sadness to know what happiness is. Noise to appreciate silence. Absence to value presence. Fergie singing the national anthem to appreciate Whitney Houston singing the National Anthem Drive Vagina to appreciate that Gush, gush. I'm just trying to paint a picture for you to let you know that life is ironic and you'll immediately understand the irony in the story when you hear it. Let's go to AZ Family three TV for the report please.


Tempe Officer honored with the Hero award at the annual Mothers Against Drunk Driving banquet a month ago was just arrested for DUI. State troopers pulled over Officer Zachary Hyde early Wednesday morning, he was off duty. He's on admin leave now pending a full internal investigation. Damn. Officer Zachary Hyde, police officer honored by mad only to get caught driving under the influence after being honored. Y'all know what mad is, right? The mothers against drunks driving who fight tirelessly to prevent drunk driving and support victims of reckless behavior. We call driving drunk You Zachary, where Officer Jekyll, when you got honored, but you became Officer Hyde when you got that 80 proof potion in you.


Okay? Zachary got honored by MAD for keeping our roads safe only to become part of the problem. You would think being honored by MAD would be a badge of honor. Okay? You'd have some pride about that. A reminder to uphold the very values you were recognized for, right? Nope, nope, nope, nope. Officer High decided to go from hero to hypocrite and that's why I believe you might have been set up. Now, I don't mean he wasn't drunk. He was drunk, okay? He was drinking and he was driving. Okay? He chose to get inebriated, he chose to drive. But I do believe Zachary was set up, okay? He got this award and one of the other officers or somebody in his life that knows him was hating, okay? They was like, hell no.


Zachary drinks more makers marked than me. All right? He was just drunk driving last night and he's getting rewarded by mad this afternoon. Might have to drop a dime on that ninja. Okay? That's what I think happened. Alright? Right? Somebody couldn't stand the hypocrisy so they lined them up and rightfully so because nobody should be drinking and driving. All right Zachary, you are a police officer. The person the public looks to to protect and serve the person the public looks to for law enforcement and safety. You gotta recognize by mad the Mothers against Drunk Driving. Zachary, that should be a moment of reflection for you. Alright? A moment to double down on the message you're supposed to stand for. Okay? You're supposed to double down on the message that you got honored for, but instead you decided to make the kind of mistake that lands you in the very headlines you're supposed to prevent.


Okay? Damn Zachary You know you had a rough day when you're honored by Mad in the morning and end up needing their services by the evening. Okay? What if he was celebrating being honored by Mad and that's why he got drunk in the first place. What if he thought the award came with a few free drink tickets? I'm just trying to make sense of something that doesn't make sense. And the reason it doesn't make sense is because it's just simply the irony of life. Zachary, this is the kind of behavior that not only tarnishes your own reputation, but also discredits the efforts of organizations like Mad. And this is just another reason why we the public don't trust law enforcement. Okay? You had one job, Zachary. Actually two. All right. First uphold the law. That's hit nothing more 'cause you're a police officer.


Second, set a positive example, especially after being honored by mad the mothers against Drunk Driving for apparently setting a good example. And guess what? You managed to fail at both jobs. All right. They say life is all about balance. Well, Zachary was trying to balance a mad award in one hand and a drink in the other. All right? Imagine being the poster child for mad one minute and then turning right around and being their next case study. I hope this serves as some type of wake up call 'cause it's certainly a teachable moment, but not just for you Officer Hyde, but for anyone who thinks they're above the law are immune to the consequences of their actions because nobody is a above accountability. Please give Officer Zachary Hyde the biggest haw.


Tell me about it. Jesus. All right, well thank you for that donkey today, sir. Yes indeed. Now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now, during, just with the mess, we were reporting about the game and the game was talking about being an older parent. He's 44 years old and he's about to have a baby and he says when he has this baby, when the baby's 21, he'll be in his sixties. So let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. These are for anybody that has older kids and younger kids. How has your parenting changed as an older parent versus a younger parent? That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I, I'll start with you. Charm. And we have a second You know you have a a young child, two years old, but then you have an older child.


So how has your parenting changed? I don't know if my parenting changed. I've changed. Right? Parenting changed a little bit. I I have more patience now. I have no idea. I, here's the thing, I wouldn't know know if I got more pages or not. 'cause You know what my oldest is 16 You know where my head was at 16 years ago. Neither do I. Okay, alright. I don't know what I was on 16 years ago, but I was not on what I'm on now. So that's what changes. You change as an individual. Well, yeah, I would say You know definitely patience. But also I think the knowledge that You know, like you said, you have evolved so you are able to, to to, to definitely instill that in the younger kids was, 'cause the older kids was kind of like, there's no instruction manual.


You're learning as you go along. Right. And you're still learning as you go along because You know as the kids get older, like You know the two is way different than 16. That's correct. Right. Way different. So Even like myself, even with the trampoline, like my, my kids the other day was like, yo, get on the trampoline with me. And when Madison was younger, I'd be in the trampoline with them all day long. This time I'm like, damn, if I get on that trampoline, And I, something happens. I ain't gonna heal fast. Like I I would heal before. What the hell's gonna happen to you on the trampoline? You Can fall, you can hurt your legs. You Can, on the goddamn trampoline. Yes, on the goddamn trampoline. I don't want to take that risk. The trampoline bounces. Yes. And you can bounce and hurt yourself. How? I don't know. I figure out Probably always try to jump so high and jump outta the trampoline and fall on the ground now.


But You do tricks, like you do back flips. You do front Flips. See, I know I don't do that. See? Yeah, but You, the type you the type to get hype off some biles watching the Olympics and then go outside and try to do the same thing. So that ain't how I, there's A lot of people out there that I'm sure have tried and Don't feel, feel like you on the trampoline. What popcorn? I lay down and let the kids jump all around me. Okay. Because at the same time, see you, you don't see, you don't know how to age you, you don't know how to age gracefully. I'm 46 years old, so when I go lay down on the trampoline, I'm catching you a little nap. Oh, you a little nap. So I'm getting my little nap time and letting them do popcorn at the same time. Oh, so, So you quote unquote watching the kids, but you really taking a nap. Absolutely. Oh boy. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss, how has your parenting changed as an older parent versus being a younger parent?


Let's talk about it. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Daddy my phone calling my Phone, Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave. No, she didn't have the baby yet, but she's on maternity leave. Baby will be here soon. Any moment. That head is right there by that cervix, But we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about being an older parent. Now this conversation actually comes from the game. He says he was talking about he's about to have a baby and when the baby's 21 he'll be in his sixties.


So we're asking how has your parenting changed as an older parent versus a younger parent? 800. 5 85. 1 0 5 1. Now, like I said, for myself, I definitely have more patience and two, I just don't have the energy. I ain't gonna sit here and lie. I don't have the energy. I I I used to have. It ain't it ain't the same. And of course we're getting older, so we're never gonna have that same energy. I'm li I I definitely don't have the same patience. I don't, that's one thing kids do not give me. My kids ain't nothing about pa the kids do not teach me patience in no way, shape, or form. Yeah. I just think that you change as a person. You know, like I, I definitely feel like You know my two youngest daughters are, are getting the best version of me. A more present version. I guess that's what I would say.


I more, more present version. Yeah, I'm more present. Yep, absolutely. Because You know, 16 years ago I was ripping and running my mind was not where it needed to be in regards to fatherhood. In regards to You know, I wasn't even married yet at the time. So yeah, I I would say I'm more present now. That's, that's definitely, that's what age does for me. It makes me a more present parent. Yeah, I definitely, and and, and you realize what's more important, like you said, when I was younger I was chasing the bag, I was chasing the check. I was You know, trying to, to make as much as that I can. But now I'm trying to chase being home. I'm trying to be home as much as possible. I'm trying to spend You know every last moment with them because I enjoy it and they enjoy it. But let's go to the phone lines. We have Naya on the line. Naya, good morning.


Hi. It is Nia. Oh, I'm sorry Nia. It's okay. So I am a younger parent, but I have experience being a younger mom just because I have experiences with my cousins having kids young and we just You know it takes a village. But the only thing that I can say is that with time you get more experience and I'm so nervous, I don't know why, but basically I, I forgot what I said, but we Listen in. We we got you. We hear you. Okay. So, so when you are an older parent, You know how things get fine with time. Things get wiser. You get wiser and you get more experienced. So I think when you are an older parent, you just take experiences of yourself and you have more time socially and mentally.


When you are younger, you're trying to live your life also taking care of a child. That's Right. Yep. It's, it's different. You take experiences of others and you put into that child. So I just think when they're, When you're older, you're more present, you're more present, more calm, you're more present when You're older. Thank you. Na. Now also I would say that e even with dealing with life, it's, it's a lot different. Like I don't remember watching the debates with, with Madison and Logan who is You know 22 and 20 now. But now my 11-year-old, my 10-year-old, my 7-year-old we're sitting there watching the presidential debates and explaining and breaking it down what things actually mean. Are they watching 'cause they wanna watch or just 'cause you got it on tv. A little bit of both. Mm, A little bit of both. Hello? Who's this? Hello?


Yeah, this, this is your boy All Dre day. All day, every day. What's up Dre, Please Dre. Good morning. Hey, how's it going fellas? Good, good, good. We're talking about how has your parenting changed being an older parent versus being a younger parent? So, man, I'm an old guy with a baby You know, 50 years old. I got a 7-year-old. I had my first at 19, he's 31 now. So that's a big gap between the 31 and seven and everything changes. You know when you're old and you got a baby, you're more patient, more established. Kinda wish I had a waited until I was old to have all the kids You. know what I mean? You have time to PPA have time to play.


One big difference is it hurts when you play with the kids. It does. You can't get out there and start playing monkey in the middle and kick ball and all of that no more. Who you telling that I was man yesterday? Because You know you gotta jump back and forth. 'cause I got the 2-year-old, the 8-year-old, and the 5-year-old. So the 2-year-old might wanna get pushed on the bike. The 8-year-old wanna shoot basketball. So you gotta do all of these different things and you're trying to get all of them to do one thing at once and they don't want to. Oh Lord have mercy. See? See I'm with you Dre. See a game of kickball. Everybody wanna play Madison, who's 22. She will wanna play 11-year-old, ten seven and a two year old's happy. Just rolling the ball so I can get 'em all to play. I try to get 'em all to play games that they enjoy. Yeah, but it hurt you though. It Do it, do it do.


Yeah. The knees defeat all of that. Oh definitely. But it's been fun. I can say it's definitely been fun being older, being more established, being able to attend meetings and games and things like that. So You know it's a blessing and a curse. Okay, Thank you Dre 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're just joining us, we're talking about parenting. All right. Has it changed the fact that you're a older parent versus a younger parent? This conversation comes from the game who is has a baby on the way, but he is in his forties. So he's saying when his child is 20 he's gonna be in his sixties. So he was talking about the different ways he parents. So let's discuss 805 8 5 1 0 5 when it's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning.


If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess. Larry Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess Alaris is on maternity leave. She didn't have the baby yet, but she's out. She's resting, she's relaxing. The baby is almost here. But if you're just joining us, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking how has your parenting changed as an older parent versus being a younger parent? Now this conversation comes from the game we're talking about that he has a baby on the way, he's in his forties and by the time the baby's 20, he'll be in his sixties. So he said his whole parenting changed.


So we're asking has that happened with you as well? Hello, who's this? How you doing this to me? I'm from Paterson, New Jersey. Shout I New Jersey. Please, please. I just wanted to give the per, I just wanted to give the perspective from the kids' point of view. I'm 26. My mom had me at 21 and then when I was going to college, she had another baby. So she has a 7-year-old right now. She's 47. I just wanna say my mama done got off. Yes. My mom, she, she done got off when I was a kid. It was none of that. You get up, you go to school. That's true too. Now when my, yeah, now when my little brother said he don't wanna go to school, it's fine. My mother used to throw water in my face and everything to go to school.


And now, now everything is cool. And no, nobody cares about him. And. I be trying to tell her like, you done got stuff now like To, to me, You know why I know what happened because that's called abuse now. Now If, you went to school and said, my mom threw water in my face to wake me up. That's abuse Now that's abuse. But back then I wasn't even too long ago. Well it Was, it was, it was. It was abuse back then too. It was abuse. Right. I couldn't believe she did that to me. That was in the fifth grade and now he in kindergarten, he don't even gotta go to school. Yeah. It was abuse back then. And your mother realized it was abuse. That's why she doesn't done anymore. You would a test dummy. Sorry, Tamia. I Guess so. But I be trying to, I be trying to lay the law down. If she even be telling me Uhuh go fuck to my baby like that.


And it's worse to see a boy and You know how moms are with they son. And that's another reason too. He's a mama's boy. But thank you Tamia. Oh Definitely is. Thank you. I love you guys. Love You back. Hello, who's this? This is Dara. Hey Dara. Good morning. Good Morning. How are You? I'm doing well. Doing well. We're talking.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


This is Tracy v Wilson from stuff You Missed in History class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive you can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. And with available features like heated seats in a multimedia touchscreen, you can stay connected in comfort and style or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip and agile sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a dependable Corolla built just for you. Plus both Camrys and Corollas are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and affordably. So visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on Camrys Corollas and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


This is Dr. Joy Hard and Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls. You. know that Amazon has millions of books so you can find one that gives you just the reading feeling you're looking for. You know, like if you're looking for a relaxed ah, feeling like with a beach read, Amazon has got it covered. Or if you're looking for more of a terrified aha with evil twins, are things lurking in the woods or something? Amazon's got you. I mean, even If, you want an aw teen romance. Amazon has it covered too. Amazon books that reading feeling awaits


moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities and liver blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


About being an older parent versus being a younger parent. What's your thoughts? I think that I'm more attentive now. I'm 44. I have a 25-year-old and a 20-year-old. And, I have a two and a 5-year-old. So I think I'm more, I'm more aware that You know of everything that I learned with my older kids. So I think I'm more there now. Okay. So And understand a lot more. So you're more present, you understand more? Yes, de definitely. Okay, Thank you. That's all it's about. I mean I think that's the biggest thing is you get older, you just become a more present parent. Absolutely salute everybody who was present from the beginning. Sorry. You think you better than us. Alright, well what's the moral of the story if there's tomorrow?


The moral of the story is, man, you better pray to be an old parent. You. know what I'm saying? I want all my years. I want to be out here 80, 90 years old, I wanna see my grandkids. So You know I do agree with the game. I look at it the same way, right? Like my youngest is two when in 20 years when she's 22 and I'm 66, You know. I look at people like Steve Harvey. He's 67 now, right? So I do look at older people. I I look at that. I look at 70 year olds, 80 year olds, You know 60 year olds, And. I. Look at what they're doing in their life and how they look and how they move. That's right. And I'm like okay, that's the future. That's Right. Alright, now when we come back, we got Jess with the mess. Jess is on maternity leave. So we're holding it down for her. We gotta talk about Drake.


He announces a new album. We'll tell you about that. Also, Cardi B clears up some rumors. So we'll get into all that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is out on maternity leave. She did not have the baby yet, but she is out And let's get to Jess with The Mess is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spell nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The, Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See.


It's Thomas set it off. Now Drake was performing in Toronto on Friday and he made an announcement about his new project and new album and this is what he said, come Over with Do what you need to do. I know all you girls are outside and when it gets a little chilly party next door and Drake out will be right there for you. We have thanks. So he announced a new album with Party Nextdoor and also call Party Next Door, the king of RB. Not this year Drake. I already said take take, take a year off. Let nostalgia bring you back. Right. It's gonna be interesting to see how that project is received though. Yeah, but You know if it's an RB project and it has some, some, some joints on it, people gonna let him join.


People always seem like they always You know want r and b music, especially good RB music. Yeah. I just don't know if this is the year for Drake to put out anything. Drake said something before this beef happened and people forgot about it. He said he was gonna take a break. I think he should have listened to himself. He should have listened to himself. And before that break, before the before. Before that, yeah. Before the whole situation with Kendrick. He said he was gonna take a break. I think now is the time for him to You know. Take that break If. you gotta hit it. It change Everybody's mouth. Let Nostalgia bring you back. Nostalgia will bring them back. People would be like, damn yo, where Drake at? But If, you got a record and you gotta smash. People will forget about it. Maybe we say that maybe Now. Amber Rose, she recently appeared on Kick Stream with Aid and Ross and was talking about a bunch of things.


Hold on Real quick just before you finish that. Yeah. You know why it's gonna be hard. Why as long as not like us is the song of the summer. The song of the year. As long as that's playing right, it makes it tougher. Anything Drake does anything. Yeah, you can't escape that record because it's still a power. It's meaning it's still a big record still. Every radio station in the country is playing, playing over and over and over again. But it has to die at some point. Well wait till it dies. The record has to die. Drake, you need to sit this one out. You better. You hope it's not Likeno like, like Ss like it just keeps going and going and going. You know. You know when you in the house or you out somewhere and it start raining real, real, real, real hot and you're like, You know I'm just gonna wait till the rains die down a little bit. Wait till the rain die down Aubrey man. Now back to Amber Rose.


We were talking about Amber Rose, she was on with Aidan Ross and they were having a, a conversation and of course they had a conversation about her support for Donald Trump. Aiden, my dms are full of celebrities that are like, damn Amber, you got Les yo damn. Like, I wish I could come out and say it, but I don't wanna lose You know my show on Netflix or it's crazy. I have this movie coming out And I. I don't want them to fire me. And even You know music artists. So many music artists that I know for years and years and years, they're like, yo, we love Trump, but we're just scared to say something. And I'm just like, yo, I can't live like that anymore. I need to just be who the I am and say You know, talk about my beliefs and really try to change the minds of, of as many people as I can.


Well she also talks about her feelings on Kamala and pandering. Think about Kamala like having Megan thee stallion twerk and You know how to what what, what were your thoughts on that? I like Megan. I think she's a good person. I think that she's pandering to black people. I think that she thinks that that's what black people wanna see in order to vote for her. And I think it's absolute. I mean I think that people in general just wanna know the policies, the the extra stuff. It's like, it's cool, it's like a You know a concert and stuff like that. But what about the policies? How are you gonna make America great again? No pun intended. I know I don't give a damn God bless Amber Rose. If she wants to vote for Donald Trump, I don't care.


I don't care who, who wants to vote for who. I do agree with her that You know when it comes to discussing policies, that should be the issue. It shouldn't be about somebody's identity, it shouldn't be about who they got at their rally. It should be about policy. But I think it's lost on both sides though. Which is, which is what I would ask her. Like what policies of Trumps do you support? Right. But I think that's lost on both sides. I mean it's neither side are talking about policies, I think. No, that's not true. I, well, well lemme rephrase that. I feel like media picks up less about the policy, more about the gossip. Absolutely. That's, that's the problem. All I always have You know when it comes to the media. 'cause you'll, you'll get on these programs You know whether it's the CNNs MSNBCs, You know Foxes, whatever, and they'll ask you about this, this stuff.


What do you think about Amber Rosa? Correct. What do you think about Donald Trump saying Kamala is not black. And it's like, yo, what does that have to do with You know? How we gonna keep money in our pocket, food on our table and a roof over our head? What is that gotta do with keeping America safe? Yeah. Right. Those are the things that we should be discussing. Now, OG Tom Hanks, his house was burglarized in La That's one thing I I just, I I hear so much about la I hear about so many breaking robberies, right? He was out of town, they broke into his guest house, broke the window, the alarm went off. It didn't stop them. This was broad daylight. By the time the police came, which was hours later, they already had left with valuable. So that happens a lot in la That's what makes me very nervous about LA and, and heading to LA it seems like the police can never get there fast enough.


And lastly, last week Jess reported about Cardi B and now filing for divorce from Offset. Well she wanted to clear up a lot of the rumors that were circulating. So she said, okay, this is getting weird. 'cause I can say he helps me, meaning Offset helps me a lot with my businesses and kids. You know it was a a rumor that they said that he was unsupportive. She says, never in my career, no matter what I went through, I had friends or family to go through media. So I don't know who is the damn source going to People Magazine. Even with my filing, I'm not asking for child support. My claim is for him to only pay for the bills he already pays on the kids and the new one. And by the way, I'm so happy y'all know I'm pregnant now so I can stop wearing those damn school girl skirts laughing my ass off.


And that is just with the mess. Alright. Oh, You know what I wanna tell people man. What's that? This Saturday, right? This Saturday, August the 10th. Mounts corner, South Carolina You know I do my ninth annual back to school giveaway in Fish Fry. I thought it was this weekend, but yeah, go ahead. It is this weekend. I thought it was last weekend. I mean no, It was August 10th. August 10th this Saturday from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM at the Berkeley High School student parking lot in Mons Corner, South Carolina. So You know we got the book bags and the school supplies and the food trucks and my pop's gonna be out there frying fish and we got free haircuts and You know vendors, all types of stuff man. So this Saturday 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM Monks Corner, South Carolina, Berkeley High School student parking lot.


My ninth annual back to school book bag drive in fish fry. Right? And they can just pull up, right? Yes. All you gotta do is pull up, okay? And we take care of the rest. Alright? Right? And this week, of course You know we going to Sure you port Louisiana for fifties humor in harmony show and we do the car show there. There's so much stuff going there. If. you are heading out there. Make sure you get all your in your everything early because they don't have that much over there. Meaning they don't have that many hotel rooms. They don't that Many. That's what I was thinking. What we gonna find out, there's a lot of people coming to town. Of course we got the car show Saturday and Sunday. If, you haven't got your tickets. Get your tickets. Kids five and under are free. So bring the kids, bring the family. So many celebrities gonna be touched down in the city. We gonna have a lot of fun in that city this weekend. All right? But let's get to the mix.


The People's Choice Mix. Get your request in right now. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave. She didn't have the baby yet, but she is out. She's just resting, relaxing, and ready for the, the the little baby to come on out. Yes indeed. So sending her positive energy. Sending her healing energy. Absolutely. She she gonna have a baby at any, any day now. Any day now. Yeah. Baby date is August 17th. That's the due date. But it looks like the baby gonna come a little sooner than that. And I. Think Jess speaking of Jess yesterday. She ready for the baby to come on out, but salute to Jess and hopefully you enjoy your maternity leave.


All right. And also we gotta salute to Polo G for joining us today. His album Hood Poet comes out this Friday. Yep. So make sure you check out the interview on our, on YouTube right now. And when we come back, we got the positive notice. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Yes I do, man. And I wanna say this to everybody? Everyone makes mistakes in life. You know I be watching social media sometime and You know I was, I I was actually thinking about that this weekend when I saw everybody mad at Kalani and Chris Brown taking a picture together. And it just made me think that yo, everybody makes mistakes in life, but that doesn't mean they have to pay for them for the rest of their life.


Okay? Sometimes good people make bad choices. That doesn't mean they're bad, it means they're human. And one day you going to need that same grace that you not giving to somebody else. Okay? Okay. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff You Missed in History class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car, like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all-Wheel Drive, you can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills and infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's m mit r e.org/careers.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.