
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars. And The Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future


generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a BS premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just to be here in a second. Charlemagne to be here in a second. Guess what day it is? Guess what day It is? Hump day. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yes, it's Wednesday. It is. Hump day is middle of the week, and it's one of those mornings. I'm not even going front. The whole gang is late. And, And I just walked in. I don't know what their excuse is. I think Charlemagne might have overslept. I know, I think Jess couldn't find her car keys, but for myself, it's them damn puppies I just purchased. The dogs are getting you Late. Yo. Them dogs are kicking my ass now.


You know, I haven't had a puppy in a long time, probably since I was a kid. Right. My last dog, Chuck Norris, who I still have, I bought the dog as an adult. He was house trained. He went outside in the woods. There was not really much to do. He didn't chew up furniture. Not these puppies. These puppies bark and wine all night. I know what you're thinking. They be, they're puppies. Yes. Then when I wake up, you know, they had a little accident in their crate, which is not a problem. I cleaned it up, so I put 'em on the porch right fast while I cleaned it up. Then when I go back to get 'em, there's poop on the porch. That's like two days in a row now, right? Yes. So then I gotta clean up the poop, put them back in, make sure that they're bathed in their hand, their, you know, their paws are clean. 'cause I'm walking 'em back in the house, and that just now I'm running for time.


And that's such A tough thing to do at like three in the Morning. Yes. Three in the morning. You're trying to be quiet. The whole house is sleeping. But nah, b, today I'm getting a dog run. I'm, I'm gonna build the dog running. So I'm going to tractor the supply. I'm gonna build on it. I'm gonna put 'em out there for a little bit because this is getting a lot, but salutes anybody that has a puppy and know this pain. But it's fun, man. Seeing the kids just enjoy the puppy and play with the puppies is like everything. But I shouldn't have just got one. My wife wanted two, and yeah, whatever wife wants wife gets it is what? It's, it's a boy and a girl, right? Two girls, two sisters, two girls, two girls. Yes. Two girls. All right, well, let's get the show cracking. Now, like I said, the gang will be here in a second, but we have Mara Brock Akil joining us this morning. She's a, of course, a television producer.


She has written on the Jamie Fox show. She has done being Mary Jane, the Game Friends, so many different things that we are gonna talk to her. She has a new show on Netflix called Forever. So we'll talk about her. And that's from Judy Bloom's book. I'm not sure what, what the name of it. I'm not a Judy Bloom fan. Charlemagne is, Charlemagne would be cursing me out right now. But yeah, it's based off of Judy Bloom book. And we'll be talking to her and also Lencia Kati. I'm saying that wrong, but I'm trying. All right. She's the first black actress to play in Wicked Alpha Ball, so she plays Alpha Ball and Wicked. What? I said girlfriends. I said friends. I'm sorry. Girlfriends as Sim Walks in here and corrects me.


Yeah, she, she did Girlfriends. All right. Yeah. So, and also she, yeah, like I said, Lencia, she was the first black as just to play Alphabet on Broadway. So we'll talk to her. I got the chance to take the kids to see that, and it was amazing. All right, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. Morgan will be joining us. And don't go anywhere, Mr. The Breakfast Club. Good morning, let's go Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page News. Morning Morgan. Hey, Hey, envy. So look, you know, you like to start with sports. So you heard about what happened with New York Knicks coach? Yes. Time to though. Yeah. So he got fired after five Seasons. So the team announced on Tuesday that Thibo led the New York to its First Eastern Conference finals appearance this year for the first time, of course, since 1999.


In the 2000 season from nine nine to two thousands in his five seasons with the Nix E won 226 regular season games. And the team went 24 and 23 and four postseason appearances. Now, the 2021 NBA Coach of the Year led the Nix two consecutive 50 plus win seasons for its first time since the 1990s. Now, todo has been an NBA coach since 2010 between New York, the Bulls, Chicago Bulls, and the Minnesota Timber Wolf. So what do you think about this move? I, I think it was needed, although Timba Doe was probably the, the most winningest coach since 1999, I just felt like there was a lot of things that he did that he was exposed during these playoffs that I think should have been handled a lot better. For instance, the first game versus the paces Emini here we were up 14 with like, what a minute and change left.


There's no way we lose that game. People have been real critical of the fact that he plays his players a lot. His players get a lot of minutes and a lot of times that runs the players down. They don't have enough energy to close out. So he's been, they they, they criticized him a lot. So I don't know who they bring in Timbo. Like I said, he was the, the winning winningest coach since 1999. He got us further than any coach has got us. So we'll see what the Knicks happen store as far as who's next. All right, the building blocks, we love to hear it moving on. So Elon Musk criticism of President Trump's so-called one big beautiful bill is being downplayed by the White House yesterday in multiple posts on x Musk said quote, I am sorry but I just can't stand it anymore.


This massive, outrageous pork filled congressional spending bill is a disgusting abomination. Shame on those who voted for it. You know, you did wrong. You know it. Now he went on to post that it will massively increase the already gigantic budget deficit to 2.5 trillion. And he also said It will American, it will burden American citizens with crushingly unsustainable debt. And he went on to add that Congress is making America bankrupt. Now, white House press secretary Caroline Levitt addressed the criticism during a briefing. And here's what she had to say. Look, the president already knows where Elon Musk stood on this bill. It doesn't change the President's opinion. This is one big beautiful bill and he's s ticking to it.


So house speaker Mike Johnson says, Elon Musk criticism of the Republican party's massive tax cuts and spending Bill is very disappointing and terribly wrong. Now, Johnson shared that he spoke with the tech billionaire on Monday and told reporters Elon is missing it. But he noted that it's not personal. Now Musk criticism also comes just days after his White House departure as a special government employee for Doge Department of Government efficiency. Meanwhile, not all Senate Republicans are on board with Trump's so-called one big beautiful bill as well. Marjorie Taylor Greene posted on X that she didn't know about the part of the bill that strips the state's rights to make laws or regulate AI for 10 years. Adding that she's adamantly opposed to that because we have no idea what AI will be capable of in the next 10 years.


Now, Kentucky Senator Rand Paul says he's a no unless the bill is changed to cut down the deficit more. Let's take a listen to his comments. You know, I Think there are three or four of us, if there are four of us who want it to be more fiscally conservative, I think we can reduce the spending levels and perhaps separate out the debt ceiling as well. But it takes four people with courage and four people with courage can make the bill into anything we want it to. He also posted on acts that we can and must do better. And Utah Senator, also Republican Mike Lee wrote the Senate must make this bill better, again, the multi-trillion dollar tax and spending package narrowly past the House and Senate and is taking, and the Senate is taking up the measure this week where Republicans can only afford to lose three votes.


Now, Trump, when after Paul on social media posting that he has very little understanding of the bill, Democrats say the bill cuts Medicaid and other social safety nets by billions of dollars. And Republicans are saying there are much needed reforms to the bill and that it will cut the deficit. Of course, we, the American people are waiting to see what Congress is going to do. There's a projected July 4th deadline to get this measure passed and on the president's desk. So yeah, I do like the fact that he did check the president, or he's not, I, I shouldn't say check the president, but he's going against the president, right? 'cause everybody's saying, everybody on the president's team rides with him and dies with him. And whatever he says goes, and he's saying, I don't like this bill. And it's, it's weird that he's not riding for the bill because it seems like the, the bill is beneficial to a lot of millionaires and billionaires.


So the fact that he's saying he doesn't like the bill, it, it, it, it makes me smile a little bit. 'cause he's going, he's, he's going against what, you know what people are Yeah. Assuming or, or think that he would go for, well he Just spent 130 days, you know, thinking that he's just rooted out waste, fraud and abuse. So I'm sure he felt like he wasted his time. That's right. You know, so, but that's your 6:00 AM front page news at 7:00 AM We'll talk about what's happening with ice. So stick around. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And the gang will be here in the second. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey, good morning DJ Envy. This is Tamika. Y'all resident sir, what's up y'all? What's up? Happy Pride Tamika. Happy Pride. Good morning, Happy Pride to all my people out there. What's going on? I just wanted to call you guys and get off my chest that I'm changing my schedule And I ain't gonna be able to holler at y'all no more. How you gonna do that to us? Why you changing your schedule? Well, you know, they getting rid of the third shift, so you know, I'm going to go work on the second. 'cause I can't mess with that first shift.


They be snitching too much. They Be snitching on you too much. Yeah, they be snitching on everybody, not just me. You Gonna get a little bit more sleep though? Yes. Oh yeah. And I'm be able to rub all my baby ass at night. Hey. Overnight in the bed. So that's the greatest thing about it. Shout out to my girl for being beautiful. I love that that's happening for you during Pride Month too. Go ahead. Go off. And what you do for Pride? Do you celebrate Pride? Do you do something special for Pride Month? I'm pretty, you know, I'm a old thud. You know, I'm, this is my birthday month, so I'll be turning 43 this month. Okay. So I'm just going to celebrate my birthday and my girl's taking me to go see Bernard Duran tonight.


So we gonna have some fun. Okay, well enjoy. And we, we speak to you soon. You better call us before your last day. I'm gonna try to, I'm gonna try to but shout out to y'all. I love y'all. And y'all have a beautiful day y'all. You too now. Hello. Who's this Man? What's up y'all? This is Dingo. What's going on? Breakfast Club Dingo. What's up? You know if you Chest brother? Morning. Morning. Morning. Who? That morning? Yes. Yep. Hey Lauren, how you doing mama? I'm Doing good. How are you? Excellent, excellent, excellent. Where, where Charle Man and Jet? They here? Nah, they be there in the second. They they, they're a little late this morning. We was all a little late this morning. Hey bogus. They bogus. It's all good. This one's for you too. Any anyway Envy, shame on you for agreeing with this firing of Tom Tipco, one of the best coaches the NBA has right now.


It was not coaching, it was the players and Carl Anthony Towns making stupid fouls really? With the whole, your whole squad making silly fouls, stupid mistakes and just, it was not, it was not coaching. Tom Thibo was solid. He was a great coach for the ball, great coach for the Knick. Probably one of the best coaches the Nicks ever had. And firing him is putting y'all in the wrong direction. I disagree. You, I can't believe you would agree. The first game of the pace is you believed we up 14 with a minute and changed. Left. We supposed to lose that. No, y'all shouldn't have lost that. But it wasn't coaching. That was definitely, that was definitely Coach. You can't blame Kat for 14 points. And then also the fact that he plays the players is the most in the league and the players seem like they burnt down at the fourth quarter.


You don't think that's strange either? Okay, but you don't think yo bench could've picked up the slack? I think if the bench was, was, was played the right way, I I think it, they would definitely help. Emini here. You, you look at the last couple of games. Yes. A lot of the players on the bench. I ain't even know their names until the last couple of games. And I, I'd be like, who the hell is that? Who is that Emini here? Because they just never played. But you know, we'll see what happens. We Replace them though. Like this is crazy. It's not gonna get y'all back into the finals. So I guess man, but yeah, I just don't think, I don't agree with this fire. I respect him. He was a great coach for Bulls. He brought your coach for the Knicks. I just don't think this is a good move for the Knicks, but no that, that's all I wanted to say man. Alright brother. Well have a good one. You too brother.


Get It. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The gang is a little late. Lawrence here we holding it down. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla man. Dany, what up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a Outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now. Here. Tell you what, it's, we lied. Hello? Who's this? I'm DJ Envy. This is Stacey, the one who brung up the cupcakes for y'all. Hey, happy pride. What? Wait, why you said that to me? I'm just saying this ain't happy. Pride and your cupcakes are the craziest, the craziest sayings like Swallow right now.


Cupcake and Oh Got it. And eat it from the back right now. Cupcake. Right. So wait, DJ Vy, I have one question. Yes. How did y'all like it? I didn't get any feedback from y'all. So if you just joining us, Stacey actually brought us a bunch of cupcakes with the wildest names ever. And the cupcakes were amazing. I'm not gonna lie, I didn't bring it home. The cakes. Wow. That's what I was waiting for. Envy. Like what the Oh sorry, I can't curse. Oh no thank you. Envy. I was waiting for y'all. So wait, lemme just tell you real quick. I've been so blessed since I've been on the Bruford Club. You know, people come up to like me and be like, yo, you're like Bruford Club Stacey. So yo, thank you so much for giving me that opportunity to meet y'all.


I didn't realize how tall you was And I didn't realize how short Charlemagne was. That's crazy. That's, that's what people usually say. But your cupcakes had like, one of 'em had a little liquor in it, so I was scared to bring it home. 'cause I didn't want the kids to take the one with the liquor in it. Yeah. And then I'd be on the news and then I gotta blame Stacey. So No, no, no, no. Right. See but that's why I explained all the flavors to y'all. Just hilarious. I'm so mad that you wasn't there because I'm mad you didn't, didn't get that experience. Stacey's cupcake. I'm so mad too. You gonna come back up? You gonna spin a bin? Come back up here. I need to meet you too. Need Some? Yeah, of course. I'll just let me know when Did you had an edible stuff too? Yeah, he had the edible stuff. LaRosa. How did you like the jello shot?


I, oh, I took my jello shot away in the court. It was great. Thank you for that way in the court. Right. But he had the stuff And I was like, if Jess was here, she would've wanted the edible stuff. I definitely would. Oh yeah, she know me. I definitely would Want some edibles. Charla will be here in a second. Okay, so Look Jess, whenever you ready. Because you know I'm up in the kitchen right now Bacon. So whenever you ready I would love to bring you something because I was so mad. Like Yeah, I'm like what the, oh, I can't Curse. You can say what the hell, but you, you can say what hell you did leave her cupcake in the fridge and we ate her cupcakes. It just wasn't here that day. Oh really? It was me. It wasn't me. Yes. I'm So sorry, but y'all Oh, oh wait, I'm sorry. One more thing.


I know I can't stay long, but No, I wanted to give a shout out to y'all staff. Everybody there treated me like, I was like Diddy. Okay, wait, not Diddy, but like a celebrity. Damn. Whoa. See Goodbye. Happy pride Stacey. Goodbye Uhuh. Like he was Diddy. That's hilarious that he even thought about saying that at first. Wow. You know what? He did give edibles but I wasn't sure. Okay. 'cause he makes 'em at the crib so he Oh I got, he don't know how much, how strong it is, how not. Right, right, right. So, so I wasn't messing with that. I figured I'll let you try it first and then, damn. Hey. Yeah. Be the test dummy. Hello. Who's this? Oh, I how that doing this morning man. It's Sean man. Hello. What up? Get it off your chest brother.


Man, I, I was calling Vibe and say what's up the yard and shout Y'all lift up at my TV scene. Clean my teeth dark. What? What? Yeah, I just looked up at my TV scene. Clean my teeth dark. What Station are you watching? Oh, I'm watching Set off. Oh bro, stop bro. I was from here to Africa. Don't Do that. Don't do that man. My God. I hate this part man. It always does. No, I gotta go. I swear to God. I grabbed the, I'm like, what are you talking about? Hey, You're good Jess. Here, I need a break. That just stress me out. I know. It just made me so I cannot, but This one is a fact checker.


She said what? What, what? What are you watching? What did you get? She was literally Is putting that on tv. A TV package means that Ben happened. And why didn't I see that on my feed and my alerts. Oh my goodness. Oh my God. She wanted to immediately make sure that it was fake. I love that. She's like, and we all looked at each other like what? I know. Like what the hell? Damn. I hope you stumped your big toe Sean. Whoever that is, is whatever. I hope you stump your big toe As much your elbow and it feel like it's vibrating. That's right. Alright, well we got the latest one, Lauren. We Do, we gonna get into a little bit more of this Pusha t Drake, him having to leave the label. 'cause now we finding out it was, it was a couple dollars that needed to be paid. And I I told you that. Yeah. So wait, I just assumed You assumed and it made sense because I'm like, they just gonna let him go.


Envy said something to me, but I couldn't find it anywhere. You didn't remember who told you when we called a couple people, no one said anything about anything. I knew I heard it And I knew somebody said it, but I just didn't know where it came from. Yeah, We gonna get, we gonna get into the money that was paid, the big name who paid it, and somewhere the allegations that are being thrown out there against Drake. So, all Right. Are you gonna court today? I am not going to court today. You like No, I'm not gonna court today. I'll be back Thursday and we'll have a conversation about what's happening in court today. Still though. Alright, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just Hilarious. Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. The whole gang's here now. Yep. And let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free fish off man.


She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren La Rosa. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. Okay, so yesterday we talked a bit about Pusha T, him leaving or being released from Def Gym and the Clipse and going over to Rock Nation and the Kendrick Lamar verse that we've not heard. But you know, that, that Def Jam was scared to allow him to put out allegedly. And that's the whole reason behind this. But Steven Victor, who is manager to Pusha t, he also, he's working with a ton of artists, but manager to Pusha t spoke to Billboard after that article released and got into some more details.


And he revealed that it wasn't just like they released him and you know, they had this part in conversation. Def Jim actually, he alleges Def Jim said that they needed $200,000 or something like that in order for Pusha T to be able to and Eclipse to be able to walk away from it. 200,000. I thought I said It was millions. Yeah, I think it was millions. I think it was seven Figures. They said it was millions. They said they thought in that article they said they thought it was gonna be like something like that. But they was like, no, it's gonna be millions. Yeah, I think it Was 70 figures. I didn't See that. What They, 200,000 they would've got. They would've did that immediately. Oh, that was definitely the article. They said it was millions of dollars. They said a ton of money. There wasn't no 200,000. I knew I had to be a Penny. Penny. I don't even see millions in here. Y'all sure y'all read the article. It Wasn't, it wasn't 200,000.


That is crazy. That changes the whole look right here. Pushing Malice would've went in their back pocket for 200,000. That's that. They was millions. I thought it said seven figures. Yeah. The, the headline literally is Sean Victor on the insane amount of money it took to push you. Yes, but I'm talking about the actual numbers. Scroll down to the question where they asked, where he says, You should have did all this research before you started doing it. Latest. So I did Do it. I just, I literally just read it again before it came up in that article. It And I just searched the word million. Yeah, they didn't say the number, but they said millions. It wasn't no 200,000. Yeah. I literally just read this twice now I'm gonna find the exact line because So You had to pay seven figures to get out of the deal. Yeah, That's millions. Oh, I didn't see that. Sorry. But he said that he thought it was gonna be like two, they thought it was gonna be like 200,000 or something because there was like three.


He said he even didn't really wanna get into it. That's, but he said that he thought that it was gonna be like three albums that they owed and they were trying to get out of it by just being like, okay, we released this new project. Can y'all take profit from the new project and we'll give y'all, you know, this right here what we have right now. And they were like, no, we want our money, we want it now. So they went to Jay-Z and told Jay-Z what was happening and they're like, look, here's a situation we're in. We need to figure this out. And they had already had a relationship. So Jay-Z was like, well you just made my day. Like what do we need to do to get it done? And they got it done and they were able to come over. But another part of this article that I thought was important was that basically, you know how when Drake dropped the lawsuit and was claiming all these things against Universal, right? And everybody, including Charlemagne and us here in the room were like, we're sure that these are things that the label has done to protect you at one point.


Right? He is alleging a lot of things, but a lot of what Pusha t and Steven Victor are saying in their articles is, is what Drake is saying Universal music allegedly has done to him. When it comes to Kendrick Lamar. Like Pusha t says that there was, and Steven Victor went in more detail about songs that were be, that was supposed to be released, a song that's supposed to be released with pop smoke paranoia. And then there was another song, Rick Ross, a song with Rick Ross on Mayback music on one of the Mayback music installations. And Pusha T's verse were, were was removed from both of these because they thought that it was a shot at Drake. And Steven Victor is like, it wasn't, they just interpreted it that way. And they came to me because Steven Victor was also Pop Smoke released through him and was like, look, if he doesn't, He saw Pop Smoke.


Pop Smoke was his artist. Yes. Pop Smoke was his artist. And he's like, if, and they told him like, if he doesn't remove these like lyrics or the, you guys don't remove the verse, the this album's not coming out so they Wouldn't clear it. So that Yeah. Wouldn't clear. And Stephen Victor's like, well what about free speech? Like how, and then even with this new project he was telling Def Jim, like, you guys can't keep doing this to Pusha T. Like, you want him to think about what you guys are gonna think or what you guys are gonna interpret before he releases music. That's not fair to him. Because according to Pusha T and to Stephen Victor, there's no direct shot at Drake on this song, on this Kendrick, in this Kendrick Lamar race. But Even if there was a shot of Drake, who cares? It's freedom of speech, it's freedom of speech. Like what happened to the days where you can take a shot at a artist and it isnt just a shot on wax on record.


I, Well we never seen an artist Sue like this either. I would love to know the exact dollar amount that the Clipse and push Your Spent because they said it was, you know, seven figures. Does Def Jam even invest that kind of money into artists like pushy t in the Clips anymore? Like it often seems like those legacy artists don't get that kind of in investment. So I'm just asking, did they, did they, did they spend more to get out of the deal than Def Jam would actually have spent on them? I was gonna say, that's a good question. That's a really good question because I I,


if You are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know that means trouble. The rest of the Flannery family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th only on Stars.


And The Stars app


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


But I feel like the last Mm, yeah, that's a really good question. 'cause the last time that pushing tv, how long they been with them? How long? I feel like the Def Jam did, I Don't remember the clips being with Def Jam Push. Been with them for a while though. I'm about to look it up. I feel like it, I feel like the the Def Jam deal that they did, it was like a year Or two but's also. But you gotta remember a signing bonus is, it's also the money used for budget as far as producing and studio budgets. Are Those high seven figures anymore? That's what I'm asking. 'cause when I hear Steven Victor, him say it was a ton of money, I'm sure they gave Clips of rack of money and sign and I'm sure they gave Pusha to a rack of money to sign with Def Jam fact. I'm sure it was a lot of money. In fact, the article, the Billboard article says we paid them the money, an insane amount of money. It wasn't like $200,000, it was a lot of money for an artist.


I completely wrong. It was a lot of money for an artist to come up with. They bought themselves out of the deal. Yeah. And they, So that that sounds like a lot of money. Yeah. The the clips they were signed to Def Jam from 2001 to 2009 and then Really? Yeah, it says from 2001 to 2009 with their last album to the casket drops that re when that released in 2009. However, they recently signed a new deal with Def Jam for their upcoming album. Let Guys Sort 'em out, which Marks, which would've marked their first studio effort in 15 years under Def Jam. According to Heidi, I'm sure Def Jam gave him a rack of money. I'm sure Def Jam gave push a tear, a rack of money. So they had to pay that back. And I'm sure I didn't Know the clips was on Def Jam that long. No, didn't. I didn't either. I thought that it was all new. But we do switch.


Speaking of big numbers, congratulations to The Breakfast Club. Hey, What we do, what we do, what we Do, The Breakfast Club surpasses a major milestone with the 1 billion downloads. Wow. Yes. Drop a bomb for The Breakfast Club. Yes, Yes. So today we are celebrating the fact that The Breakfast Club Podcast us is surpassing 1 billion downloads, joining a very short list of other podcasts to reach this impressive milestone. So DJ Envy said, we're incredibly grateful to everyone who's tuned in, supported and helped to make this milestone. A billion views is more than just a number. It's a testament to the culture, the conversation in the community we've built together. Thank you for riding with The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club, the world's most dangerous Morning show.


Launched in 2010 in New York, 1 5 1. Y'all been around here for a long time. Little Bit we're seasoned, you Very seasoned, but to do a billion. And I, I know you guys talked, we've been talking a little bit behind the scenes about this, but explain to the people a billion downloads what that milestone means. Well it's like my biggest dream. I just wanna thank God Shut up. It's a good thank you to the listeners man. We appreciate y'all, you whenever you can't listen to The Breakfast Club early in the morning here on the radio, you can always go listen to the podcast. But the clip sign with Def Jam in 2024 Pusha t Sign with Def Time. It literally says, according to Hype Beast, the clip, look At what I'm reading.


Damn about a billion downloads. Read That Now. Billion downloads is definitely dope when we appreciate according to Hype Beast Emini here. Well That does say AI Overview. I don't know if that's correct. It says, according to Hype Beats it literally links who it attributed to attributes it to. It's not just a random AI over here. I Don't think the clip's Been there. I don't know how we did a billion but downloads because we all over the place. Yeah, Yeah. I don know. It was probably at Live We Live they wanted to tune into Fair East Side High Day. No. After one of the students went Live, we've been no Cooking. No, no. Okay. Alright. Well now We've been Cooking. Yes. Long time. Oh, oh, They mean before you put the scarf On. Yeah. Yeah. Before. But again, salute to all our listeners and supporters. We appreciate you guys so much.


We do it for you guys and we're thankful and grateful. Thank you. So thank God damn much. We appreciate you guys out there. If you're gonna listen to misinformation, might as well listen to us Shut. Yeah, we've been cooking. All right. When we come back, we got front page news and then Mara Brock Akil will be joining us. All right. She has a new show on Netflix forever, and we'll talk about all that when we come back. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Naturalistic early, earlier Morgan broke down that the Knicks fired head coach Tom Thibo after five Seasons, it was five winning seasons, but they feel like he wasn't a great fit.


How do you feel about that? I do feel that that thibodaux I feel like he worked his players a lot. I felt like he didn't trust the bench. The game won where they lost the paces. I, I felt like that was a a, a coaching problem. You can't be up 14 and lose with, with, you know, a minute and change left. You Can't trust what you don't have though. Hey, everybody say you can't trust the bench. If they had the bench players, they would've been playing them. Like if you like, the Celtics can go nine deep. The OKC thunder can go nine deep, the paces can go nine deep. If you ain't got it, you ain't got it. It's like penis. Wow. But when I serious here, Somebody tell you go deeper and you ain't got it to go deeper. Yeah. But When you do see players on other teams and they're doing well and they were our bench players like Obie Toppin and, and even McBride, it took him a long time to get him out.


Toppin Was young though, and, and that system in, And he, he's busting ass and he's doing, that might Not have been a system for him though. Yeah, but they never even played him. And then you got that, that new white boy that's shooting threes like crazy. I don't know if he's white or, or what his background is. I can't even think of the, the man's name. But he get, he, we found out in the last couple of games that he could actually shoot. Mm. You know, so we'll see what happens. But what's up Morgan? Well, What's up is congratulations to y'all because apparently, you know, y'all act Emini here. You said on, on one thing, but getting 1 billion podcast downloads and counting, that's something to celebrate, right? Yes. Drop a clues bomb on yourself and big up yourself. Yes us. That's pretty dope. And shout to all the listeners for, for supporting riding and listening to us. If it, if it wasn't for y'all, we wouldn't be here.


We appreciate y'all every day. You know what happens? We reached A billion Congratulations To The Breakfast Club. Took us long enough free. Alright. And other news family members of the man charged in the fire attack on Israeli hostages, supporters, excuse me. In other news, family members of the man charged in the fire attack on Israeli hostage supporters in Colorado have been arrested by ICE Now Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome and the said, the wife and five children of Muhammad Sri Solomon have been taken into custody to find out if they were involved or knew about the attack in any way. They are also being processed for expedited removal from the United States. Homeland Security secretary Christie Noam made the announcement, let's take a listen.


Today, The Department of Homeland Security and ICE are taking the family of suspected Boulder, Colorado terrorists and illegal alien Mohammed Soleman into ice custody. How do you hate people more than you love your family? Like if you got, if, if you got a wife and five kids, why would you throw that all away just because of your, your, your bigotry and your prejudice towards another group? I don't, I don't understand that logic makes no Sense. So this comes as Soleman is in the United States illegally from Egypt. He faces federal and state charges after at least 12 people were hurt in Sunday's attack. Now police said soleman dressed as a gardener to get close to protesters when he used a makeshift flame thrower and Molotov cocktails on the crowd.


Now this story does inspire me on a personal note to encourage everyone to check on their family and the mental wellbeing of those around you. Because if something like this can happen, you could be considered guilty by association. This is crazy that the family is now being taken into custody as well. And so I would think that, you know, that, that ignorance is bliss era has left and it's, you better know what you need to know. Yeah. And Your, and your and and your actions always impact your family. I didn't know that they could do something like this. Go arrest your whole family 'cause of, you know, something that you did. Yeah. That's crazy because I don't see how they would be accomplishes. But yes, what you do does impact your whole family in more ways than one. Yeah. So, you know, check in with your loved ones. Y'all. Speaking of ice, the mayor of Newark, New Jersey, is suing one of President Trump's top lawyers over his arrest at an ice facility last month.


Now, RAs Baraka filed the federal lawsuit against Interim US attorney for New Jersey, Alina Haa on Tuesday accusing her of defamation and false arrest. Let's take a listen to those comments from Ross Baraka. Alright, I was cuffed ha fingerprinted, took pictures of twice, once there and once in court for a classy misdemeanor, which you send summons to people for you. Don't lock them up and take their fingerprints. Trespass is a state offense. It's not a federal offense. These guys need to find out the law before they begin running their mouth about what, what is right and what is wrong. So just to note that trespassing can be a federal offense when it comes to, when it involves federal property and restricted areas.


So I anticipate much of this court case will come down to whether or not Mayor Baraka had access to that ice facility. Now, he responded to criticism of his actions by Trump administrator Border Czar Tom Holman saying he may have to sue him too. And of course, all of this comes as Baraka was taken into custody outside an ice detention center. When he and members of Congress demanded answer about answers about the facilities conditions he was charged with trespassing. But the case was later dropped by haba. A federal judge criticized Haas's office for the arrest during a hearing last month, saying it suggests a worrying misstep and switching gears, the first black mayor of Tulsa, Oklahoma is proposing a multimillion dollar reparations plan for descendants of the 1921 Tulsa race massacre.


Mayor Monroe Nichols says, one can only imagine what the Greenwood District once known as Black Wall Street, could have contributed to the region had there never been a massacre. And of course, he's looking to establish a private trust that would be used to provide scholarship and housing to the descendants of those impacted by the bloodshed. Let's take a listen to his comments. Imagine what it would've meant for outcomes for our children. Imagine what it would've meant for public safety. And most importantly, imagine the trust and faith we would've built in each other over these last 104 years. And my office has been working alongside our legal department on the establishment of the Greenwood Trust, a private charitable trust that will raise and facilitate the investment of $105 million in private funds among our road to repair restoration.


And So Nichols says, the trust will not involve direct cash payments and the city council would have to approve the transfer of any city assets to it. The push comes just weeks after Democratic Congresswoman Summer Lee of Pennsylvania announced plans to introduce the reparations Now resolution, which calls for the US to spend trillions of dollars on reparations for black Americans. I know we've had this conversation many a times of about what reparations could look like for black Americans. So Pastor f front page news, y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media for more news, for coverage follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com.


Can we get some of them downloads at BIN y'all? I'm just saying Thank you Morgan. Did We tell the people that the icon living Mara Brock Akil is joining us this morning? Yes, we did. I'm gonna talk to her Next. I heard you say that she wrote on Friends. No, sir. That was a whole other show. I, I fixed it Girlfriend. It was a legendary show. One of my favorite shows of all time girlfriends. Okay. I fixed it immediately, sir. You said friends. I Said I fixed it immediately. I was talking, I was about myself. Nobody was here. I ran up here And I just started saying stuff And, and she's here to talk about Forever. Forever is a re-imagining of Judy Bloom's 1975 novel forever. You know, I'm a huge Judy Bloom fan. So when two of my favorite storytellers come together, Judy Bloom and Mara Brock killed, magic Happens. And that's what happened with Forever. And we'll talk to her about it. Coming up next.


Next. That's right. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and all La Rosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. The legendary. That's right. Miss Mara Brock Akil. Welcome. Thank You. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Nice to be here. How are you? Blessed black and highly favored. How's your energy? It's great. Okay. I'm really, I'm floating. How does it feel to have yet another hit TV show? Another, Another hit TV show. But this is global. This is like the first time I have been on a stage this big, normally my shows are on up and coming networks.


So I'm, I feel like an ingenue actually. I feel both Veteran and both. I'm also off, you know, it's just this, an idea is a global conversation that is kind of, I'm, I'm sitting in that mostly my career. I have been thinking about a national conversation, but this is a global one. And I Emini here. I've always known that our stories are global, but for it to be a reality is pretty special. Wow. And another hit Right to be at it Emini here. 30 years in the game. Wow. 30 years in the game. I love it. But let's talk about it. Of course. For people that are just tuning in, you created shows like Girlfriends The Game being Mary Jane, you've written on the Jamie Fox Show and so many others.


But this one is Moisha Mo, So many South Central. Oh see So many. I see you. This one's on Netflix Black. Yeah. Yeah. This one's on Netflix. Yep. So how did the Netflix play come together with doing forever? I had a deal, you know, my career did garner me a really wonderful deal outta that deal. I did stamp from the beginning. I hope you guys saw that amazing doc documentary that Roger Ross Williams directed. But about Dr. I Abraham Ken's work about the Myths of Racism. That was my first offering in my deal. And this was the second, it was special from the beginning. I met Judy Balum, somebody else's icon. Come on, come on. I come two of my favorite storytellers coming together.


I know. Unbelievable. Come on Emini here. And that's God. Absolutely. First of all, I didn't even realize that the, the book was gonna be 50 years old by the time we released it was not even in my thinking of that time. Yeah. It came out in 75. Yeah. 75. Yeah. It was a beautiful synergy. One thing I will say about Netflix, when they're behind something, they're behind it. Completely supported, resourced. I think that's what's important to me in this, this moment of this hit show is that it was, my vision was supported financially. And it was amazing to feel like, wow, I'm supported, got money. We to have the vision that I want and to get the people that I need, the collaborators.


It's been, it's, it's, it's been amazing. You, you said Judy Bloom was your first permission slip as a storyteller. Oh my goodness. So How does your inner child feel knowing that you have done such justice to one of her iconic work? Why does my inner, she feels on Cloud nine. She is twirling, she is cartwheel. I used to cartwheel back in the day. I, I could cartwheel backend, all the things she's doing, all of that. I'm very proud of myself. When the opportunity to reimagine one of her books, there was no thinking. My hand just went up. And I feel like it was a little protective as well. It was like, I wanna protect that story. I wanna be able to tell that story. But my little girl is like, she's she Cabbage Patch.


Does she feel like she made it? Do y'all feel like you made it finally? Oh, She felt like she's felt like she's made it a long while ago. Okay. I think this is different in that it's a full circle moment. I feel, I often say that you become a writer as a reader first. And so I used to get lost in the pages of Judy Blue. And so for me to be just the divinity of it, like the divineness of it, that I would come full circle 50 years later. Yeah. Like those kinds of things. Right. It's almost like it, it was written for me. It was written for me. And Judy, matter of fact, I'm gonna get a chance to meet her personally. I'm so excited. Did you go down to Key West? I'm, yeah. Yeah. I am. Okay. Yeah, I am. You, you live this life once and I'm, I'm gonna live in that dream. So yeah. I'm excited to meet her. We met at the time on Zoom and talked on the phone and emailed.


But just to meet her and say thank you and have her sign my book. I'm just, that 12-year-old girl is running Wow. To Key West. Oh, I, I, I've, I've did it. I've done it a couple times. Yeah. Just to go, just to go meet Ms. Blue. Absolutely. I love it. Yeah. Just to, what I really would love is for people to honor more of their story, the craftsmanship, sitting in the chair and writing. That woman sat in the chair and wrote Emini here, like, Emini here. It's like she never got out of the chair. Just writing and that and what it would do, just someone sharing a story, just like my own testimony is it ignited something in me. And I think that even the feedback I'm getting from the show, not just the show, but the shows I've had in my career, it has ignited other storytellers.


I want us to do more by that. We have so many stories in us that will die in us. Yeah. If we don't even start crafting them and writing them down. Her book is still through, through this show now is still, it still lives. It's universal. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's forever. Bam. See what I did there? The original book was written in the seventies. Yeah. 75. Why did you choose to specifically set this story in 2018? Well, I had to look at what would make it fresh today and what to maybe have to look at what, where the kids are today. And Judy And I talked about, well they know a lot about sex, intimacy, connection, those things I think we're further away, even though we are more techn, technologically advanced, we don't have, though these tools are meant to connect us, we are using them in very disconnecting ways.


And I think that to, to bring the phone into the conversation, one is an opportunity to talk about something unique to this culture. Yeah. Emini here, excuse me, culture, but this generation, excuse me, what it is doing to them personally, emotionally, their emotional self, their their, and then how it's even affecting their physical self and then affecting their future. And that's what the book was about. How do we explore our emotional self, our physical self, while maintaining a healthy future. I also want to talk about in the Black family by, by changing the white family to black, it allowed me to also talk about a time that I think is very important for us to document between Trayvon Martin's murder and George Floyd's murder.


We as black people, we as black families, as mothers and fathers, we were screaming into a vacuum about the fear over our children. And there was no amount of fancy zip codes or education that can save your child, you know? And that was scary. And I wanted, I needed a place for me as a mother to release all of that fear. And then also then look at how much we are out of love. But we are raising our children from that fear. That's right. Yeah. That's right. And how that is hurting our children and their inability to have a natural rite of passage to explore again, their emotional, either emotional self, their emotional maturity.


Yeah. Their physical self, their physical maturity to have sex or not have sex, who to have it with, what's the right conditions. All of those choices that they're supposed to be making right now. Yeah. To protect the beautiful future. And that's another thing. We need to open up some space because our children also need a future. And it's tough out there. And I, I couldn't imagine being them today, thinking about when people are, what do you wanna be when you grow up? Well, what's out there? And so, and we, adults need to get it together. And so this is a part of my, my offering. We're Still kicking it with Mara Brock Akil, her new show, or her new show Forever is on Netflix right now, Lauren.


And back in the seventies it was controversial because of the things that it explored today. It's not controversial because we are so open. Like what you talk about when you were crafting like what the storyline would be and how you would redo it. Were there things that you were like, I wanna make sure I get to, or make sure I get in this storyline? 'cause you also made it feel closer to home for like black teens. Like Yeah. You know what now forever feels like it's our story, but you had to do it a different way. You know, I think it's controversial, black male vulnerability. It's just, there's no room for it. I think there's no images for it. And yet when I'm looking in The World and within my own children, their friends in the community, beyond that, a lot of boys and more specifically black boys, they're not all that hard.


You know, they don't have any room for their complexity. They don't have any room for their feelings. Like the, it's always funny to me, especially when the group of boys that I'm around, they're all privileged. They live a great life. Time to take a picture. They were laughing two seconds ago. You trying to take the picture and then they get that stoic face. They're like, yes. What? You, what what you mean mugging for like, you know, and you realize how much that's imparted on young black boys all the time about what is manly, what are those images of what a man is. I wanted to make room for the real reflection. I'm, I'm actually looking at the real thing. It's just what gets on that bigger screen and how important it is. I know we talk about representation matters. That's why it matters.


You gotta see yourself Yeah. In order to decide, is that beautiful? Is that how I wanna look? You know, is that right? Is that tight? You know, can't see it. And I think boys are getting their heartbroken a lot sooner. I felt so bad for Justin the whole time. Why? Because I just felt like a lot of times the characters, they, they were yearning for this like space of like, I don't know, to just be okay. And then things would be going good, and then something else would happen. It'd be something small. It would be like, for Keisha, like the video gets sent to her phone and she's finally in this relationship. You know what? Emini here. Like, things were just like happening. I'm like, dang. And kids like, why can't they just be and not have to deal with these things? It's life. Yeah. It's life.


And it's also technology that we didn't have. We got some freedoms without, you know, that they don't, they're not afforded. That's what I wanna talk about. It's like, are we making any room for them? Like, one of the things that I love when we, every production meeting, I said, we're making an epic and intimate love story within a love letter to Los Angeles. Right. And what that meant to me is that we need to see them in scope, in scale, in Epic. I need to see them, their bodies in the space in Los Angeles. Mm. What that means is that they be, it's a feeling cinematically that I'm making you feel that they belong here. And when they belong here, they belong to us. And so you will engage with our children differently, psychologically, emotionally.


Those things are important in our image on the details. Mm. The details on anyone makes them feel more human to you. So I wanna make just room for their humanity so that we, we think about the measures around technology. We think about what the rules are for these kids. Emini here. Like these kids are being told today that you make one false move. You won't get a scholarship. Emini here, come on. It's the truth though. They follows them for the rest of their lives, for the rest of their Lives. Which is sad. There's no humanity in that. That's how I felt. Maybe that that was the Yeah. The humanity part. I'm like, yo, she's young. She made a mistake. Yeah. Now it's following her. And it's like he's in love and he just doesn't know how to navigate it. And now he feels like he's not a good person, or not a, not a good per, he doesn't feel like he can win the girl in the beginning of things.


Yeah. And I felt bad for that. Like, but you know what, back in the day, back in the day, boys had to walk across the room to ask you to dance. And that was tough. Tough. And that was, and that Was Tough. Had you ever, have you ever done that? Of course. Yeah. How did, of course. Did you ever get rejected? No, I never got rejected DJ shrimp before. You was Like, because I'll be honest, I only went when I knew I was gonna be received. If I knew I was gonna get rejected or there was a 50 50 chance I wasn't gonna try. Oh. Because remember it wasn't, you know, back then it was a party and everybody's standing on the wall. Yep. And you have, like you said, you have to walk across. And if I knew this person wasn't feeling me, didn't wink at me, didn't have a crush from me, didn't write me a letter, didn't Hold a stare.


Yeah. I wasn't going. But if I knew that got that little stare, that little smile I was gonna go. So it was just Dominican. But see, all of those social cues that you have to learn in real time, we're not learning that. There's no space for that. So I'm advocating for, I, I want the kids to be back outside. Like, it's even sad we shot on Fairfax Avenue. Right. It's a ghost town right now. But back in 2018 where it was depicted, that was a place for them to be. But there's, we are, where are kids allowed to be? But that's why I love the, the scene that's, I love the scenes at Marist's Vineyard. I love the scenes at the prom. Oh gosh. Especially at the prom. 'cause I feel like in that moment, Justin was, you know, everybody talks about he's chasing the young lady.


To me, it felt like he was chasing his blackness. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That's what it Felt like to me. Thank you for saying that. Yeah. One of the things we was trying to say, trying to keep your son, trying to keep our children safe. Sometimes we're isolating them. He had a pretty prison. Yeah. But it was up on a hill isolated. And he's looking for more. But I can also understand, Dawn, she's so scared to put 'em outside, you know, also scared. Is he gonna measure up to where they are? You know what I'm saying? She's probably not saying that, but that's psychologically it's kind of my, it's, it's under there. But fun fact, I was so proud as a producer to put all those black and brown kids taking over the Santa Monica Pier. I don't, you know, I found one location, I think that's, I think the last time someone took over the pier at that scale was Tom Cruise.


I was like, okay. Wow. But that means something to me. That means something that we, how we take up the space, the epicness and the beauty of us. These, these kids are looking like this all over our country. And we see it on Instagram or TikTok or things like, but to put it on that scale, that level of beauty, Anthony Hemingway directed his butt off in that. You know, the kids were just beautiful. The our our costume designers amazing. Our production design was amazing. Our cinematography was amazing. You know what I'm saying? We had the, we had the thing lit up. I was on cloud nine that day that we shot and we got out of their safe and sound. That's also important. But it's our kids having space in The World, chasing their, chasing themselves, figuring out who they are, including of their blackness, including of their, you know, what they like, just who they are.


Even the making room before. I know I get a lot of comments around, wow, he likes nato. Yeah. A lot of black kids love NATO s Right. You know, we're a part of The World. So that was fun. And As much as it's a story about the kids, it's a story about the adults, right? Like, like the way Judy Bloom made people feel seen at 13. It feels to me like you're making us feel seen at 40 something, 50 something. So what do those ages need that nobody's writing about? I'm gonna keep saying this over just more complexity, more, more of our human side. Like I don I, you know, I've said before, I don't, you know, I don't really believe in positive images. I think they can be just as damaging as negative images. What do you mean Expound on that?


Yeah, break that down because, So the negative image is a, is is a, a product of, of a lie. Going back to my, the documentary, like it's, it the perpetuating the lies in the myth of us that's been out there. So a lot of black people want a positive image. Hmm. Because they wanna rewrite the wrong of somebody else's view of me. But what that does in a, as an artist, it keeps me behind the eight ball. I'm chasing up and trying to clean up somebody else's mess. I'm from the Z Neal Hurston School of Thought. I know my people.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture, even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know. That means trouble. The rest of the Flury family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt, and more. The cast is stacked and the storylines next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season, the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts.


State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


And here we have a specimen from the early two thousands, a legacy investing platform. Please don't touch the exhibit folks. It could crash.


Ready to step outta the Financial History museum@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Paid for by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and SI pc full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


I see my people. I wanna be able to talk about them fully. And in the spectrum of our humanity, there is light and dark. We are not, we are not perfect to be perfect. That's just as hard to be perfect as it is to be bad. Like I wanna, I want the spectrum of my humanity. I wanna be able to make a mistake and have my village patch me up and put me back out there. I deserve that. You deserve that. We deserve that. And so I want the spectrum of who I am. And sometimes I'm, you know, sometimes I'm, I'm not great and sometimes I am in the same day, in the same hour. And I deserve that, that sort of exploration of who I am as a human being. And I give that to my characters. I think Dawn, for instance, you know, people, there's a lot of conversation about her as a mother, but that black mother has raised a lot of kids to get them to keep them alive.


Does she deserve looking at herself? Yes. Is it? Hi, my name is Mara Brock Kill and I'm a former dawn. I've, I've put my pain on the screen. I think, you know, I wanted to out of love, I'm trying to overprotect my children. We're still kicking it with television producer, screenwriter, you know, her from girlfriends, and now she has her show on Netflix forever. Ms. Mara Brock, Akil Charlamagne. What emotional space does forever occupy that none of your previous shows have? I think the cross generational idea. I just think the complexity of family and the, and the generational connection. And that I, I just really enjoyed that.


I think also the, the scale emotionally, it, it allowed me to really scale us. And I enjoyed that. And it, it, you know, the kids say take up space. It allowed me to take up space for us and for myself. It's forever about love. You've had, love you've lost or love, you still believe in All the above. I believe in love. One of the things I'm really proud of with the ending, I know there's controversy about the ending, but what I love that Justin and Keisha showed us is how love endures and it take it shape shifts. It can, its dynamic can change, but love can stay present.


And they showed us how to let go and keep love in that ending. Hmm. I, I think we could learn a lot from Justin and Keisha. You know, the question, is this a forever love or the one you remember forever? And I would like to think that we, as we move through our lives as human beings, that when we choose to use that word, right, I loved you, that you, there's a present that you were so present and so loving that even if you don't last, the couple doesn't last, the love can last. It just, it might shift to, wow, it might just shift to, we always just sort of text each other on each other's birthday that you matter to me.


You know, one of the fun things you realize when you're revisiting the work, especially as young people, oftentimes that's where our big dreaming happens. And those young loves that a lot of times the best part of you is packed in somebody else's memory of you. And so to have access back to those people actually is good for you to remember who you are when you lose your way. And because you're gonna lose your way. Ooh. And so love holds you there. So it is about the past, the present and the future. And I think that love can take many different forms. You know, And I, you know, I have my, my young one plays baseball and I've learned a lot about watching him sit in the stands.


Play baseball, long days, Long games, Long games. But what's beautiful about it is everybody who walks into that batter's box has a different fight. So I often think about relationship, right? Did you swing the bat? Did you have a, they call it, did you have a good at bat? And sometimes you're at bat you strike out, but you still had a good at bat. And I think that's what I think love is about. Are we having a good at bat? Are we swinging? Are we using our technique? Are we using all the knowledge? We spent all week learning for this one to two times we get to walk in that batter's box and are we using it?


Are we, do we, you know, do we whatever the shoulders and the hips and all that kind do we, eyes on the ball, eyes on the ball up, all those things. All those things you gotta do with this ball coming at you 80, 90 miles an hour. That's love. And I think that, I would like to think that we can all approach it at a good at that. Mm. And you know what season two is Going. I, I have ideas. I still have to go through the process. You know, part of, well I think another thing that makes me successful is how I honor my partnerships And I come into it respectfully and really to garner that energy back to me.


But I have a concept of what I need to do. I won't share it until my partners are signed off on it. But my next steps are me coming into a meeting, ready to talk to Netflix around, Hey, this is where I see it and this is where I think it should go. Hearing their feedback, their concerns, taking that in, in consideration. Sometimes debating it for a while, but finding a way to communicate why I think it's the way it should go. And if not, where's the compromise in that? And feeling good about the artistic flexibility that I have to craft story to figure that out. So I'm looking forward to that.


And success especially, you know, sometimes success can make people tighten up too. That's right. Stop playing with Ma. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Ma had hit after hit in multiple decades. That's right. Okay. Screaming services, deline television. Give her what she wants. That's right. Including the $50 million for girlfriends. We need closure. Come, we need Thank you. It's that simple. It's that simple. Real. We've been talking about this. It's real. It's really that simple. And I'm excited. I I think it's gonna come. I don't know. I feel, I feel it. Like, I don't know. Last time I was here we talked about it. And I think what was beautiful in my journey at that time was for me to claim the value and understand the boundaries and understand what it is. I don't know. Just, I think, and also this success breeds more success.


So I kind of feel, I don't know, I kind of feel like feeling it's time. I think it's time. And The success girlfriends just had on Netflix. Oh my god. Yeah. Oh my God. Like they should see it. Generational success. I know people watch it. I watched that. I re-watched the whole thing with my mom And I was like, this is so different. But you know, it's fine. I'm finding out people are putting girlfriends on for their go to sleep. That's, it's their, they call it their Comfort TV show that they put on and they just let it run. And some people let it run while they go to sleep. I don't know if people know, but nine 11 of this year marks 25 years of girlfriend, 25 years of girlfriend of this Year, this year. So we need to make that announcement, right? Yes. It is time. That's, that would be the announcement to make right now. It would only make sense. It has to happen. It's going to happen. I I know it's gonna happen.


Yes. Because it's like the one black sitcom that we really did not get any closure on whatsoever. And there's so many loose ends to tie up. You know, it's really, it's not just loose ends. It's actually very relevant. I think it's a very karmic idea to have the show, have a ending in a film. IIII just wanna do a movie. Do you really? I know you do Charlon you are very clear about wanting to see a movie. You are no, 16 years. He's been clear. You don't have that. And I record for 16 Years to see you. I wanna also say, I'm always gonna take a moment to say thank you because you also, that means a lot to me as a storyteller. Like, wow, that, that level of impact on you. And even the fact that you, me and Judy Bloom were in the same thing. So I'm a thank you, thank you.


16 years. But now you three you want, are you going to go spend some money at the theater to go see a girlfriend? I don walk to the theater. I I'm trying to be in the damn like, yes. Got we waiting on for a long, just doing a check. Yes, I agree. It like, it gave us a lot to have a conversation about. And I think that's really where everything is at, is communication. Yeah. Have conversation, share ideas. We, not all we gonna agree, but I think we all get to know each other. But What do you want forever to give people permission to do? And that's my last question. I promise Love. I want people to think more about love in every aspect of their life. And actually even if we're older, that it's okay to want that, that first love kind of feeling.


Like how, what do we need to do to get back to that first love kind of feeling? I don't know. I just think it's, I think as a human, a spirit, having a human experience dancing with love all the time has gotta be our top endeavor. So that's what I want. Mara Brock Akil kill icon. The legend. We appreciate you so much. We love you. We value you. Appreciate you and all your work. Thank you. That's right. Thank you. I really appreciate being here. Thank you. Breakfast Club. That's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becomes a straight face check off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody well she gets into details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren La. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's In The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So there has been some more things with Offset and Cardi Offset has now deleted his Instagram and his ex account. His ex account currently pulls up as the, this account does not exist and you can't even go to his Instagram. So what happened was, there's this photo, a side by side photo of Offset Sun Offset and Cardi Sun Wave and Stefan Diggs and people begin to point out, and this is an older side by side, but people begin to point out that Wave's hair is braided very similar to Stefan Diggs.


The only difference is the part in the middle and where that starts to be honest. But it is very similar, almost the same hairstyle. So people are, you know, were making jokes about it. And they were, you know, saying, trying to make it seem like Cardi did this on purpose and just, it, it must have been a lot for Offset. Not even must. It was a lot for Offset because he actually responded to it. He said now once he, he tweeted before he deleted his account. Now when somebody died for playing with my son, then they gonna call me a crash out. I don't care how I look. Trolling with my kid ends bad. Then after this he deactivated his accounts. Now following that, or previous to that, earlier in that day, Cardi B had actually went on Twitter spaces.


And she talked about just the fact that because she's now out and doing all the things with Stefan and she responded to the spousal support conversation. Men in particular are calling her a hoe. And she's like, I don't understand why I'm getting all of this. Like all of this smoke. So let's take a listen to Cardi B on the trauma. She said she experienced at Think his allistic. Listen, Do not understand why I'm getting so much disgusting hate from men. I'm even, I'm even being called the, it is so crazy. I don't understand how I was a, I was married for seven years And I was faithful for seven years. The constant lies. Constant lies the gaslighting. It was really messing up in my head. It, it got to the point like last year, last year I, I really felt like I was going crazy.


I couldn't eat, I couldn't sleep. Like my baby came out five pounds. I was so depressed. 'cause the lies the constant drama. I would wake up every single morning paranoid if I, if I was still there, I was gonna end up going to jail. 'cause I was gonna end up killing them seriously with my own beer. Hands Card's. Not Ahoe, nor nor should anyone be calling her that. Nor should anybody be hating on Cardi. I just think that us as men, we watching the situation and saying, damn, that hurts. Yeah, we sick. You know what Emini here, we, we just as sick as probably Offset Phils when he sees it because she has moved on. She look damn good moving on. And that's what you supposed to do, right?


Like, you know when you get out of a situation and it wasn't the best situation. You're supposed to be on social media looking good with your new boo, but boy it hurts. Shit. Both of them got fans. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So of course the ones calling her a hoe, Emini here obviously are are his fans, you know, and imagine what her fans calling him. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's, it is both sides. Well they saying all said lost. That's the thing. Like, you know, they say w set in the chat, it'd be like l set in the chat. That's what they're saying. That's the reality of the Situation. Yeah. I don, there's no hole. She's like, she said she's been married for seven years. She moved on, she's dating somebody new when she's happy. She said she was depressed, she was upset. Now the fact that she's happy, I'm just glad that she's happy. It should just be a learning lesson for men more so than anything. Yeah. Because boy and them women will move on and when they move on they're gonna look damn good doing it.


And, and you gonna be sitting around absolutely doing what all offset doing right now, tweeting is social media and to be Emini here deleting the social media She put up with a lot before she moved too. Like she put up a whole lot, put up with a whole lot before she moved on. And Then look what she even said, our baby came out five pounds, she was stressed out and everything. You know what, Emini here. So like that that, that's crazy. That's crazy. But I am glad that he deactivated or deleted. Hopefully he can get some time for himself. He can think about it. He can, you know, before he does, you know, do something stupid. He can hopefully he's just unplugging and and clearing his mind. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I would tell Offset too. Don't make permanent decisions based off temporary feelings. Don't crash out. Absolutely. And lose your freedom because the internet playing. Because as crazy as it may seem now, this too shall pass.


Yeah. Don't want the internet. Check you out your position and fellas, if you out there this text later this morning, good morning, I love you. You know, just, hey, Just say I'm sorry. Even if you ain't did that yet, Just say I'm sorry I appreciate you Something because them men out there with them three years, $69 million contract, man. You know what I'm saying? Speaking, Waiting in the wing. Speaking of the $69 million man Cari B 69. I know your face hurt. You smacked yourself hard. Cardi B's in it. Exactly. Cardi B talked about, you know, her new dating life and where she is now. Let's let's take a listen to that. Where I'm in a place right now, I'm in a place right now that I'm, I'm very happy And I feel like I'm crawling. Like it's like I'm learning how to do things.


You know what I'm saying? Dating is new to me, you know what I'm saying? Dating is new to me. It took a long time for me to open up to somebody because I just feel like I'm like a, like a a baby And I'm crawling again and I'm learning again right now. I'm in a good space. Everything is lined up perfectly in my career. I love my kids, I love my life. I'm, I'm very happy right now. And that's all that matters period. I'd rather hear that though. 'cause boy, a few weeks ago she was like, this man is effing the hell outta her. You know what I'm saying? And when you know, this man runs a 4.46 and a 40 yard dash, you know what Emini here did you See the video of him on the Pilates machine? You act like you in that position like You hurt.


I know He be holding his chest, he was holding his, Did you see the video of him on the Pilates machine? He fell off. But did you see that video of him the back? And I was like, Whoa. But that's what I'm saying as a man, good men should just be learning from this situation because these women will move on. I don't care how many kids you got with 'em, I don't care if you know, you thought that you was the love of their life. I don't care if y'all were married, when they are fed up, they fed up and they will move on to somebody who runs a 4.46 and the 40 with a three here 69 million contract. Man text your wife, your lady, your girl. This water Just say I love you. I'm sorry. I Appreciate you That nigga, that nigga got that girl on here talking about I am learning how to crawl again. Said she crawling. Oh yes.


What She at? Yes, I'm learning how to crawl again. That's What I'm saying. So don't so please, you know Cardi don't think that men are hating really men. Some of 'em are. Some of Them are hating. They are some Just sick. Yes. Yeah, they're sick. That's all I'm telling you. That's it's just sick. I can't even say they just all sex. They make my back hurt just thinking about it. And then they Projecting 'cause them them guys, them same guys lost they women. So you Know what I'm saying? Now they women was crawling first. Now they back her now. But now she crawling But just do. Right. That's all. Y'all should have learned this from Tyler Perry movies a long time ago. So stupid. Direct by woman because they won't move on Rock Walked up at the end of Rock, rock, Come from Yes The Rock.


And we didn't even get a number two after that. We didn't even get a second no. A third movie. We ain't get a third movie to rock. And He died. He drove. Who was that? She was dating Malik. Yo Malik. Yo. Yes. Drove off from Janet died and then here come to rock with flowers. Sheila ain't gone up that mountain too many times. We gotta get outta here though. You what? I'm saying Sheila ain't gonna go up that mountain too many times. Okay, call Him. Stand Me Puerto Rican in the room. Have no idea what you talking about do You? You Don't watch Tyler Perry, let's please Dominicans and Puerto Ricans. Don't watch Tyler Perry. They Better. I'm not Dominican but, Alright. Yes you are. Alright, well that's the latest For Lauren Charlamagne. Who we giving that down Too, man. Before, after the hour we need pizza EF to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him please. All Right, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are chicken out The Breakfast Club.


Don't be out here acting like a donkey key high bitch. It's time for Donkey of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take it if he feel I deserve it Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say all his mouth. If gotta say something you may not agree with doesn't mean I'm mean who's getting that donkey? That donkey that don't Don Don Don Donkey of the day right here at The Breakfast Club. Bitches you could Call me the donkey of the day, but like Emini Here, no harm. Yes donkey. Today for Wednesday June 4th goes the defense secretary Pete Hef. You know Pete Hef, the same guy who was sharing details of a missile attack on Signal. Okay. I don't know why he just didn't download WhatsApp like the rest of us. But Pete Hef, the man who provides the president with expert.


Okay. And I put expert in air quotes, advice on national security and defense matters is clearly bored. Okay? There's a lot going on in The World that I'm sure he could be focused on. But yesterday we found out that he is focused on renaming ships. Yes ships. Okay, Pete Hex F has ordered the Navy to review the names of vessels honoring gay rights activist Harvey Milk, Harriet Tubman and Roof Beta Ginsburg. Let's go to ABC seven for the report please. The Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth has ordered the Navy to take the rare step of renaming a ship. The ship is named for murdered gay rights activists and navy veteran harvey mill military.com first reported the timing of the announcement during pride month is intentional.


Harvey Milk was forced to resign from the Navy in 1955 because of his sexual orientation. The USNS Harvey Milk is part of the John Lewis class of oiler ships that are named after civil rights leaders. Okay? We all know that the Trump administration wants to purge all programs and policies and books and social media mentions of any references to diversity, equity, and inclusion. They are literally trying to erase anything they consider other out of the history books. Okay? It makes no sense. What other reason would you have to not want to ship named after Harvey Milk or Harriet Tubman or RBG? It's just erasure. Nothing more, nothing less than everyone just needs to call it what it is.


By the way, none of those three people would be considered DEI hires. Okay? They all earned their legacies. They all earned their reputations, okay? The reason they have their names on those ships, the reason people wanted to name those vessels after them is simply because they're trailblazers who actually did things that people should recognize and honor. And you want to erase that? Why? I need to see the signal chat about this Pete. Okay? I need to see what your real reasoning is, not the politically correct reasoning you given to the media. Just tell us the truth because the truth is you want to erase the legacy of civil rights leaders and gay icons like Harvey Milk in America. We cannot heal from what we don't reveal.


Okay? Hiding our history is just simply gonna hurt our future. Now Pete, you are the Secretary of Defense. Okay? Focusing on your job is crucial for the safety of not a only this country, but The World. Every American should be saying to themselves, Hey Pete, don't you got better things to be doing? Okay, Pete xf, you yourself just highlighted the threat posed by China's military buildup, okay? In particular concerning Taiwan, you could be focused on that. What about the ongoing conflict in Ukraine? Pete, you are absent at a recent NATO meeting on Ukraine and had people questioning the US' engagement in the conflict. Don't tell me you was absent from the meeting because you too busy worried about ships being named after Harriet Tubman.


Okay, yo Pete Department of Defense has proposed significant budget cuts, which I'm happy about because anytime you wanna talk about wasteful spending, you should start at the DOD. But if these budget cuts reduce senior military ranks by 20% like they are proposing, then that could impact the military strategic and the operational readiness. And y'all definitely not gonna be ready if the Department of Defense is too busy worried about renaming ships. Okay, Pete Xf, I don't care what a ship is named when there are headlines in the economic times that read World War three looms. Global leaders given two weeks is The clock takes toward catastrophe. See, while we worried about the Diddy trial, others are preparing for World War iii.


Okay? I was reading an article this morning. The headline was Britain's biggest, biggest companies are Preparing for a Third World War as various conflicts threaten to erupt, bosses are taking steps to ensure their businesses survive. The deputy chief of Russia's Security Council said last week, hold on, said last week, I don't remember everything. It was a blur. I think it was last week. Yes. But he said, And I quote regarding Trump's words about Putin playing with fire in really bad things happening to Russia. I only know of one really bad thing World War iii. I hope Trump understands this.


That was a direct quote from the Deputy chief of Russia's Security Council and Pete Hex f You worried about the name of ships? Hmm. No you're not. You are trying to distract from some of the things I just said. But what you will learn, Pete, is truth is like the sun. You can shut it out, but it is not going away. Please give Pete Hef the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons Bon You are the day you the doggy of the day. Heehaw So dumb Beyond it's a distractional.


Stay focused. All right. World War III is apparently around the corner. I don't say that either. I hope not. We won't see that either. Others are preparing for it. So think you just pay attention. Yes. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, we have the first black actress to play Alphabet full-time and wicked on Broadway. Lencia Kata. She'll be joining us when we come back. I checked out the play. Play was amazing. My, my kids loved. It's what's her name? I'm not gonna say it again. Lencia. Kaba. Kaba Kata Kata. We go, Lencia Kata will be joining us. All right. And we're gonna talk to her next. She killed it on Broadway. Wicked. Wicked was amazing on Broadway.


Yes, Absolutely love it. My kids loved it. They enjoyed it. And we'll kick it with in a minute. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Lencia tti. Did I say it right? Pretty close. Well, what is it? Kata Keta. Cab. Cab. But you got it. Welcome. Thank you. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Be Here. Now if you don't know who she is, she's an actress and the first black actress Hold no, wait, wait, wait. Look. Let me say something because she, 'cause she off had before we just started. She said, how did y'all find me? I said, you're the first black actress to play Alpha Ba full time. How can't we find, she said, how dare I. Exactly.


So how dare go? She there you the first black actress to play Alpha full time on the Broadway. Wicked. How does That feel? Well, congratulations. First and foremost. Thank you so much. Yeah, Emini here. It's a dream come true. It's like surreal sometimes. And sometimes I'm like, oh yeah, this is exactly where I always thought I would be doing something like impactful for our community and our industry. But most days I just like, I'm just dumbfounded. I can't believe I'm singing these songs. What, what did it mean for you personally and what did it mean for Broing? Personally? It was an opportunity to tell the story of my community, our struggles, our strengths, our power for our, for our industry, for the entertainment industry.


I think it just opened the eyes of who can do what and who is capable of what. And just like brought a more creative outlook to art. Now you were in Hamilton before? Yeah, but I wanna start from the beginning. My birth. Okay. What, what Did my, how did you get into the arts? Like what, what was so special to you? You said this is what I want To do. You know, it's funny, I started at church And I hated singing. My parents saw something special in me and kind of like thrust me into music. And You're Ethiopian, correct? Correct. Both my parents are from Ethiopia, immigrants. So I'm first generation And I loved playing outside. I love playing sports.


I was super into my academics too. I was just like a really hype kid. I feel like I was just, I couldn't be stopped. Perfect, perfect for Broadway. Oh, Perfect for Broadway. Lots of energy, especially for this role, but like being inside, rehearsing and like, I just was like, I wanna be outside And I wanna be playing. But I started to see like how music affected people specifically in church and how that moved people spiritually. And I was like, wait, I think I'm good at this. Something. I don't know what it is. I don't know how to hone in on it, but I know that it just feels special. So I wanted to keep trying. And then I started doing like community theater and middle school and high school.


And in college I decided I wasn't gonna study it. I had other interests. I studied diplomacy and world affairs and undergrad and politics, all, all different angles to make like positive change to The World around me. And then you got to Broadway. So explain how you got to Broadway and, and those feelings. Midway through my five year run in Hamilton, the audition for Alphabet came up And I already actually had another job offer that I was very excited to embark on. And my team was like, Emini here, it depends on what you wanna do. And I was like, whoa, no black woman has ever played this role. I'm not gonna pass up this opportunity. So I auditioned. It was like six rounds across maybe like four months of me flying to New York to from la LA on Zoom.


Just lots of different, they ha it's a, it's a long process. Vet's such a technical skill would that that


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know that means trouble. The rest of the Flury family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines. Next level, BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowes Premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You know what's great about your investment account with the big guys, it's actually a time machine. Log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Pay for by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and s sipc. Full disclosures at public.com/disclosures Is required for dis characters.


So after all those rounds and the up and downs of the emotions, I got it. I don't, I got it. I don't, am I gonna, I don't know. Just like so much inner turmoil. I finally got the call from my agent And I started cracking up. I like, I couldn't even like emote. I was just like, this cannot be happening right now. So you thought it Was a joke or you, or you didn't know what you felt? I think I didn't know what I felt. So you just laughed. I was like in shock. Yeah. At that point I think I had convinced myself that it was highly possible I was, I was in the final, like four people maybe, but I was like, universe, God, mother Earth, I receive whatever is mine, however I want this.


And I feel like I would be great for this moment, but like I accept the outcome. So I think I was, I, I was playing both outcomes internally so well that no matter what that call would've, what, whatever the outcome of that call would've been, I would've been ready. Mm. So I think my body was like, oh, okay, this is happening. I had to like go on a walk and like ground myself to remember what was real. I couldn't believe it. That's amazing. It's crazy. Wow. How many, how many times did people try to gaslight you? Like, is America ready for a black alpha bowl? Like right. Like the damn green face isn't fantasy enough. It's so silly and it's it, people say things like she's green, like it doesn't matter what her race is. And I'm like, she's greed and exactly. She looks different than everybody else. Like that is the point. So I do think The World was ready.


I do think The World was ready And I feel so grateful that it was me. You know, it's only interesting, like I took my 9-year-old and my 6-year-old to see Wicked on Broadway and they saw the movie. Mm. Sonos them. Alphabet is is black. Black to my head too is black. And isn't That Like if I say, if I say that to them, like, you know she's black, right? Like of course she's black. Like yeah, that's all they know. The Black Alpha book. It's crazy that this generation gets to live in this, in this climate and see it as normal. Like that's what they get to grow up experiencing. And that's my favorite part of this is this whole generation that is just, this is their norm. Why do you think it took decades for a black woman to get this role full time? Like what, what does that say about Broadway if anything?


I think art is a reflection of the society it represents. So I don't think Broadway was particularly doing anything outside of what our country represented. And as times have changed, so has art. Art has shifted. So I feel like it's exactly, the timing is exactly right. And again, like I can't speak to why it took this long, but all I know is I'm happy I'm here. Do you get a lot of love or do you get a lot of hate? I get a lot of love Emini here. Haters are haters. There's always haters. There's always critics. The reason I ask is like, I took my kids too. And of course the majority of people in there Yep. Are others, or I should say a white. I Just say white man.


God damn. I was gonna say, I was gonna say others. I say what the hell? But I was wondering do others, you're an other. You're actually other I the other. Actually I'm green. Okay, You're green. I was Just say and what type of hate do you get? Is it lettuce? Is it, you know, because I thought the play was phenomenal. And like I said, when I, when I seen you in the hall, I took my 3-year-old And I took my 23-year-old. Wow. And they both enjoyed it. They both enjoyed it. That was crazy. It Was great. Across the generations, people relate Emini here, it's the hate, I don't know, I wouldn't even call it hate more than just like strong opinions because less so about race more just because this is a long running show, 22 years, everyone who has seen who comes to see Wicked has seen Wicked.


Yeah. More or less the amount of people who is, who are new to this piece of work is very little. So everybody knows every word, every intonation, like every way, every single line goes or every vocal part goes. So it's not, it's less like why is there a black alphabet? I don't really get that. There's more celebratory energy about the racial thing. But people just like what they like. And you know what, that's fine. I cannot be for everyone. And I think that's what this show is teaching me, especially this character who has to fight with The World around her. Not trusting her and misunderstanding her. But she always says true to who she is. And that I think is my biggest takeaway from playing this role. We're Still kicking it with Ciabetta. She's the first black actress to play Alpha full-time in Wicked on Broadway.


I took my kids there. Amazing show. Jess. What Was the most challenging part about playing Alpha, if there are any? I would say a mental and emotional fatigue. Mm. The show is very emotionally taxing. I am constantly faced with like the biggest, most complicated inner feelings that specifically a black woman can experience. Feeling othered, feeling misunderstood, not being trusted, disillusionment, believing in someone, trusting in someone, and then realizing that it's not what it seems. So I think there's a lot of times when I leave the show And I have have to just like, I don't even turn on the lights in my apartment for hours.


I have to be like dead in my head because just like the emotional rollercoaster of what the character requires also requires me to plug in and charge when I'm not there. Let's stay there for a minute. Because Alphabet is one of the most demanding roles in theater. Theater, if not the most. If Not the most. So what's your pre-show ritual to get into that head space and, and voice space every night? I think I definitely take stock in how I'm feeling. If I'm feeling like more tired, maybe I'll listen to like hype music or like take a walk or like take a hot yoga class. Something to get me my energy going. But if I'm feeling particularly stimulated that day, sometimes listen to like jazz or something calmer. I usually do like a 30 minute warmup, half of it physical, half of it, vocal.


And then while I'm getting the greening, which takes 30 minutes to do my makeup every day when they're doing that for me, I, that's when I play music. And music I feel like is what drops me into whatever emotional space I need to get into. The character Makeup only takes 13 minutes, 30 Minutes, 30 minutes. Yeah. Damn. I expected more, Right? Yeah. People usually think it takes like hours. Yeah. I was gonna probably just do your face, neck and hands. Right, Right. And like a little bit down my back, but like, it's only a little bit down my arm. So I was gonna ask, so bad. Do You have a life on Broadway? Can you have a life on Broadway with the amount of shows that you Shoot? Lemme tell you. Eight a week. We have one day off yesterday. Damn. I could say there you can have a life on Broadway. When you're alphabet though, which is a different beast, there is no life.


This is very difficult. I think I try, I'm a communal being. I need the energy of others. So I try to balance it. But most states, I do spend chilling on my own. 'cause like I said, the mental toll is really, I really have to like, relax in order to bring my like whole heart and soul emotionally to the character. So everybody has a life, but I have less of a life right now. But you know, it's, the sacrifice is worth it. Lemme tell you. It is worth it. What's harder hitting that defiant gravity note eight times a week? Are carrying the weight of representation every time the curtain comes Up. Ooh, ain't that the question? Definitely the representation. It's just, it means so much to so many people.


And like, I think another, back to what you were saying about the hardest parts of the role, like I put a lot of pressure on myself to make every interaction I have through this period of my life has something meaningful to audiences. Black, brown, white, it don't matter. Like, I just, I think that that opportunity can sometimes feel like pressure to me just because I care so much And I really want all, like, especially the kids, I want kids to go away feeling empowered. So defying gravity is like, is like a science. It's like, this is how you sing it. It's vocal technique, but with the cultural, racial, emotional aspects of it. Like those, those things take real care. And, And I really put a lot of effort into how I present myself and what I share with my community.


So you feel actual pressure to represent? I do feel pressure in that. I feel like it's more self-induced just because, like I said, I care so much about positively impacting The World around me. And that's, I feel like that's been one of my dreams since I was a kid. Like, I never knew what I would do growing up, but like, that's kind of why I went into politics for a little while too and still have a passion for it, is that I care so much about, just like, positively, positively inspiring people. So yeah, I do, I do feel pressure only because that's what I choose to care about. I don't think anybody puts it on me besides myself, which is why this role teaches me to stay, you know, connected and true to who I am regardless of what's happening around me. Because I, I feel like if you just bring your full self to the role, that's, That's enough.


That's, that's enough. I completely agree. Yeah. And that's exactly what the character does. She brings herself to all these crazy life situations and that's how she survives and thrives. Have you met Cynthia Arrivo? I haven't met her yet. She t send me flowers on my debut, my first show. Yeah. That's nice. Which was sweet. But I think we should probably be doing some stuff soon. Mm. Yeah, I'm excited. How do you navigate being celebrated but still feeling like you're breaking through systems that weren't designed for you? I celebrate myself because what I'm doing is a literal revolution. And I believe art is a part of social change and political growth.


I believe art shapes culture and culture shapes art. It's sort of symbiotic in that way. So I feel like the fact that I have the opportunity to break through these barriers also like, strengthens my relationship with myself. I'm like, yeah, you did that. Who was your alpha? But growing up, like who made you believe you could defy gravity? That's a great question. I would say sing Cynthia for sure. Emini here. Cynthia has done so many amazing projects, which like have ins just inspire me endlessly. Ara McDonald. Also how she has crossed over to different industries to within the entertainment industry. So seeing black women be sort of like multi hyphenated artists.


It inspired me so much. It made me feel like, like if they can do it, you know, I can too. Are are you and Cynthia gonna do anything together at the Tony Awards? Because you said y'all gonna do something. I pray honey. That's what I'm, I am asking the universe and doing all the networking I can because she's hosting to, she is hosting. Yeah. I pray. I pray. So if anyone can hear me, bring me to the Tony's. I would like to be in attendance. I think it would be really great for our community. You haven't been nominated yet. I can't be nominated for Wicked because it's not a new show in this season. I didn't know that. Yeah, That's a, that's a thing That's crazy. But if you're an actress or actor that takes the role to another level, you know, which you've done. I Well, thank you. One, two. I agree. I do think that long running show should have the opportunity to award Yep.


You know, particular performances in that way. But from, from my knowledge of how it works, it's about the new works of that season. There's like a interesting, maybe, you know, September over the last year till March of the current year, something, some timeline that the show has to open from what I understand. So the first week, your first week on Broadway. Yeah. After you realize, okay, this is really eight shows. Yeah. What was that feeling on that Sunday? You know, this is probably gonna be surprising to you maybe, but I was like, no, I got this. Hmm. I was like, I was so concerned with my ability to sustain this And I I was wrong for doubting that.


Wow. I really was. I, I finished the week And I was like, look, it's a lot of work. I'm tired. My body's tired. My voice is tired, my mind is tired. But like, I'm equipped. I feel like, I feel like I've had a lot of work experiences that have built me to be able to sustain this. And like, my body is strong so long as I take care of her, she serves me. So I, I finished that weekend. I was like so impressed with my own ability, to be honest. I was shocked. Yeah. I was shocked. The right person got the job. Thank You. That's right. These y'all are amazing and You keep killing it. Like I said's. True. My family loved it. We had a great time. I'm so glad. Candy Candy was expensive. I ain't gonna front my kids wanted to eat every piece of candy. $9, but regardless, Because they know they'll, the kids will eat the snacks. So they won. Charge 'em. That's right. But they had a great time.


Loved it so much. Glad Thank you so much, man. Glad. That's dope. My Pleasure. Keep killing it out there. Thank y'all. You gotta go check it out. You, I am, I'm the only one that has not seen it yet. Come on out. I'm coming. Girl. Can't wait. I know about you, so I'm like, I gotta come and support you. Appreciate It. Thank you. Y'all are raising. Thank you. Alright. Lencia, Lencia, Lencia. You got it. Last name Kata. Kata. I, I wasn't wondering. He's still gonna mess it up right now. No, that's okay. Ladies and gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lori Lauren Becoming the street fast. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody.


She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything And she be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Well, yesterday in the courtroom, a man named Eddie Garcia took the stand. So Eddie Garcia is the guy that I mentioned to you guys a couple days ago when I said that somebody got on the stand, got their immunity, and then was supposed to come back and testify, but they didn't end up getting to him. So Eddie Garcia worked at the Intercontinental Hotel, which is the hotel where the Cassie beating video went down at the time of the video.


He was the security supervisor. So he got on scene and testified that they received a hundred thousand dollars from Diddy for, to get rid of the Cassie beating video. That is what he alleged went down. He says that it was split three ways. It was split between one of his bosses at the Intercontinental who received $50,000 Garcia. Eddie Garcia alleges that he then took 30 K and he gave another one of the employees 20 K. These are all people who were like involved in like, actually yeah, saw the video, erased the videos off the server. One of them is a manager who actually allegedly had the conversation in addition to Eddie Garcia with Christina Koran and Diddy.


So the way he says this went down is he says one day he received a phone call and this was following the Diddy incident that happened on March 10th, 2016. He says he got a phone call from a New York number. And the on the phone he alleges was Christina Caram, who was an employee of Diddy's. And on the phone, she, at the time she was chief of Staffer Combs Enterprises. So he says on the phone, she then asks him about the video, the security video. And he says that, you know, she claimed that Diddy was intoxicated at the time of the video and that he didn't remember the event whatsoever. So then she goes on and she's like, it, she's asking for the video to be deleted. And Garcia is like, well, I don't have any control over that.


I wanna like, I can't let you see the video. I can't talk about things being deleted. I I can't talk anything about this video. You have to speak to hotel management. So then he, it says he was later informed that Christina Caram allegedly was in the hotel lobby looking for him. And she was asking for the video. So he says that again, he told her to talk to hotel management or that they would have to file for a subpoena, like something in court where they could get the video. So he does admit though, that he told her like, look off the record, the video is really bad, but there's nothing that I can do for you. So then Eddie Garcia says that he later got another phone call from Christina Carron, but at that time Diddy's on the, on the phone. So when he gets on the phone, Diddy's on the phone asking to again get the video. And he's like, you know, Diddy was nervous, he was fast talking, allegedly, but again, he denied the request to give them the video.


After that phone call, they then called him again. But this time it was from Diddy's own personal phone allegedly. And Diddy was basically telling him like, look, this video could ruin my career. So Garcia's like, listen, I don't have access Eddie Garcia's, like I don't have access to the server anyway, but if you, you know, wanna make something happen, my manager is a person that you would have to talk to. And Diddy told him like, look, if you can figure this out, we'll take care of you. And Garcia at the time says that he interpreted that as, you know, a money offer. So they then connect him, or he then goes and talks to his supervisor, his manager's supervisor. And this is the guy that he says, name is Bill Madano.


That's the guy that got the 50 K. Now he says that when he talked to him, his supervisor originally said, look, I'll do it for $50,000. Just tell Diddy allegedly like, you know, $50,000, put me on the phone with them, I'll take care of it. So he gets back on the phone with them. He says, Diddy refers to the Madano guy as like his angel 'cause he's willing to do it. So then Eddie Garcia, they go and meet up with Diddy at this like high rise building in West la. He says that Diddy's counting like money through a money counter and the money counter rang up a hundred thousand dollars. And he gave him the money. He says he, he, he said that Joe Diddy said to him like, you know, be careful how you spend all the money or whatever. But there were NDAs that were brought to him.


Diddy allegedly also asked for their, like, IDs of everybody that was involved. Diddy asked allegedly if there was other videos on the server or like if that was the only copy, if there was anything in on the cloud. And he told him like, you know, that that was all that was there. And he says that Diddy, he alleges that Diddy actually FaceTime Cassie and, and put Cassie on the phone. And she also allegedly confirmed that she did not want the video to become public. She had a movie coming out and she just didn't want it to become public. So, So, so question, what does this have to do with his case? Like what does that, what does this fall under like his racketeering or what charge does this apply to? I believe that this is gonna go to him using money and his influence to be able to cover things up and move around.


Like, so you have all the the domestic violence videos which show the, the whole force coercion. And they're alleging, this is why Cassie was scared to stay in a relationship, but then you have him number one if also bribery. Yes, bribery. But also if you're, if you are knowingly, right, if this is proven that he did this, that means you knew you did something wrong. And then, and after you know you do something wrong, you then go and you, your power, your influencing your money to then cover it up. It's Bribery. Yes. It's Bri didn't a guy ask for the money though? Didn't, did he Just say, Hey, I want the video deleted and the guy said it'll take $50,000. So was that bribery if the guy asks, But but prior to that, Eddie Garcia says, did he told him, I'll take care of y'all. So he interpreted that as a money offer.


And then there was the other hotel security guy Briber weeks ago. Bri Yeah, because I'm, I'm looking at the New York Post article and the New York Post article says, Sean Diddy combs bribed hotel security. So if you look at the racketeering charge, bribery is one of the things. So when I hear Lauren explaining all this, I'm just trying to figure out what exactly does that have to do with his case and his bribery? Yes. But but so the bribery, the the physical, because people keep, people are upset. Oh, We know the physical abuse. You saw the video. No, no, no. I'm, I'm not saying that we know it. I'm saying people are trying to figure out why do they keep even going back to this incident? Like why do you care to prove that there was money paid? Why do you care to talk about bribery? Because he's not being charged for domestic violence. But the bribery, the the physical alleged violence, all these things are things that the government is saying this is an entire conspiracy that he uses his employees and his businesses to successfully do.


Yes. And people are scared to get away from it. So, and allegedly. So if they're scared, you can make them do anything. So, quick question against Cassie's case. This is the same thing that Trump was convicted for when he bribed old girl, this bribery Regardless. Yeah. The the porn star girl. Yes. Yes. Now next question then. How did the video get out? Did they know how the video got out then? Because if, if they wiped all the clouds and nobody else had a video, how did that video come out? So Eddie had it. Eddie Garcia says that one day they just saw the video in the media. He says that he got screenshot sent to him. They just, they literally, he said the video years later, they just saw on the news outlet, one of the guys who was involved, who responded during the time of the, the actual incident, text him a screenshot of the video on CNN.


And Eddie Garcia said when he got all these text messages, he deleted all of the related messages because he didn't want nothing to do with it. But he didn't go into exactly how it made it, how did he did that? Right. He just said it popped up on CN and they said another hotel guard testified that he recorded the footage on his phone so he could show his wife. That's the first guy. We talked about him a minute ago. But that was the very first guy from the Intercontinental Hotel who's now an L lap PD officer. And You know, it's great that that dude only ended up with 30,000, But he broke it. He had, because he bus down 30,000. Yeah. He and he bought a Car. Yeah, he, he gave, he gave his boss 50 grand. He gave another security guard 20 because It was, there were multiple people involved. The boss had to say, yeah, we'll do it. That's who said the 50 K. And then, then you have this other guy who was involved because he's seen the video.


He knowing the conversation, he's knowing that they came to the hotel. So they're all involved at one point. Some weak ass negotiators, bro. Yes. A video like that worked for few million. Are y'all crazy? But Diddy Said, did, could ruin my career, but yeah, If he don't go, he might as well just Go. But they also, they recognized who Diddy was. So I'm, I'm sure that there's like a fan element to that. Right? But also at the time Eddie Garcia is making $10 and 50 cents per hour. And that's why, that's why you shoot to, you gotta negotiated and you gotta have a bird around you. 'cause a bird would've went to Google and be like, yo, this dude is worth such and such hundreds of millions of dollars. A hundred thousand. We shooting too low guys. And Diddy told him, this is gonna ruin my career if this ever comes out. What, Bro, you got eyes, I can watch that video yourself and know that could ruin Diddy's career in 2016.


Yeah. That's, That's because that's, There's no difference between, the trouble between if you get a hundred thousand and a million, like the ain't trouble. But I, I think the first security guard like it, I really think that there was a fan element to this because the first security guard that you're talking about that we talked about a couple, a couple weeks ago, he literally recorded the video. 'cause he's like, no one's gonna believe that this is happening. Like, It don't matter if You see Diddy in this video, it's like, oh my God, have You seen Austin Powells? I need $1 million. Okay. A piece between all three of us. And then when Diddy would've been like, that's a lot of money. More money, more problems. Yeah. But then also tz, Harvey Leff, what Movie was K in? She had the perfect match coming out. She had per, she had testified that, remember she did the perfect match with you don't remember.


Oh, no, no. Yeah. So she, she had the perfect match coming out or whatever. And she testified that that weekend, remember she did the freak off because she didn't want to get into any physical altercations or whatever, allegedly with Diddy because she wanted to be able to go to her movie premiere. Hmm. So she's, she's saying, I don't want this come out because my movie's coming, blah blah blah. Okay. The man is making $10 and 50 cents per hour. And then after that he said that even after the money exchange happened, Diddy act that year had text him like happy Easter. So, you know, he feeling like he has like a relationship now with Diddy or whatever, but Diddy Him instead Happy Easter. That according to Yeah. Told him you my angel. Yeah. You tested the horse. Well he told the guy, you my angel before he gave him the money. That was the 50 K guy. That was the supervisor. But yeah, because now they're getting rid of the video.


So Emini here, outside of that, the courtroom itself exploded because there was a lady inside of the court who started yelling at Diddy that they out to get him and she dared the, the security guards to pull out their guns and use them. And y'all court's getting crazy. It's just a lot going on on over there. It was Craig here Barney that sent That? No, It was just another, just a random woman. Yeah, It was, it was a random woman inside of the courtroom because people So they Just let random people in there. Yeah. Because you, people of the public can come to view it like they have a right to come and view it. And they, they do. Like there was people in there with their families the other day when I was there. Well, happy birthday to Quincy Brown. Who's Quincy Brown Diddy's son.


Oh, We've never heard his last name. Yes. Yeah, we've never heard his last name. I Don Doug. Last name was Sure too. Right? I was like, what? We sure. But I'm sure Alby SHO's not his real name. Quincy Brown. Alright, well salute to Him. Yeah. I've never heard his last name. Damn. That's it. Crazy. Well thank you for the latest with Lord. You are welcome. All right. When we come back and Look, it's also King George ii, king George. The third's birthday he would've been 287. Jesus was born at 1738. Y'all Okay. Jesus Christ. Alright, come back. 1738 is a liquor. Yes It is. When we come back, we got the People's Choice mixes, The Breakfast Club awarded. You Are checking out The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It is Pride month and it's time. We rep a gay a day. Wake up bitches. Today is right. Your rainbows is gay outside. Yes, y'all. So we gonna go on this gay ride for Pride today and we're gonna rep my best friend Sheena. She is the most humble stood that I've ever met in my life. What's so funny? I don't understand.


Hello? Humble stud is crazy. Yes, she Is a humble stud and I'm happy because she is now dating someone. Nobody has ever dated her for a long, long, long time. I was even questioning if she was gay, but she is back from the gay graves and she is dating And I love you, Sheena. She's Dating, she's Dating a woman. Okay. Okay. Alright. I said she's back from the gay graves. I just wanna make sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I I felt like, you know, her gate was expiring. Yo, like she was like single for like a good 10 years. So I was like, oh my god lord. But my girl is down there. She probably driving the bus listening to us. Right. The bus driver.


Bus Putting bus sheina and all the bus drivers out there. We appreciate your service. Why are you, don't I want you don't gotta Group up with the rest of the bus drivers. No, this is just her moment. I want, can I, can I have a picture of Sheena driving the bus? No. What are you, I Asked her to pull picture. She won't send me one. Yeah, Because what, what is That? I wanna see her in her uniform. No, no. That is, She is she drive public or little kids or No Public buses. Really. Public transportation. Yes. Oh. So you could just wait on the bus and see her. Baltimore's s Finest Crack kids be on the bus messing with her every day. Miss Sheena cool though. Like, so she, she's her driving the bus look like a character in Ice Cube movie. Like, yeah. Miss Sheena Sheena. You know what I'm, I'm saying I Love you Sheena.


I love you so much. Boo Salute. Tam Mara Brock Akil for joining us this morning Has man, the legend. Man, that Lady is so beautiful. Oh my God. What? You know what I was thinking when I see women like Mara Brock and killed, why would any, why are you older men want these young girls when black women age like that? She looks so good. What Are we talking about? Yes. Yes. What are we talking about? That's Probably why she's married. That's Oh, she's married. Yes. Absolutely Amazing. Yes. Yep. And also Lencia Kata. Yes. The first black actress to play, what is it? What is it? Kba? What was that? Kata. Kata. Keta. I keep putting the Deep Lencia Kata. She's the first black actress to play full-time and Wicked on Broadway.


Listen her for joining Us as well. Yes. Yes. Alright. And also, I gotta remind you guys, father's Day weekend, I'll be in Atlantic City with Vibes Cartel. We're doing a a huge Vibes Car Day. Tell Father's Day, weekend Weekend performance. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets, it will sell out. The venue's not as big as The Barclay so it will sell out fast. I think they're almost gone. So if you wanna see Vibes Cartel in Atlantic City, get your tickets asap. That's Gonna be crazy Stupid, Yo. Oh wow. People gonna be outside everything. People love Vibes Cartel. That's Yes they Do. That's Right. Y'all need to get y'all tickets. Also Pittsburgh. I will be there Friday and Saturday. That's June 13th and 14th. Get your tickets if you have not yet. Just aari official.com.


I'll be at the improv. The improv. The improv. The improv. I know I was saying The Funny Bone, but they owned by the same person. My bad Pittsburgh. I'll be there at the improv. Me and my brother Desi Alexander, Friday and Saturday, June 13th and 14th. Get your tickets now. Alright, well we got a positive note. Yes. The positive note is simple man. You can run with a lie, but you can't hide from the truth. It will catch you. Have a blessed Day Breakfast Club bitches. You don't finish or y'all done.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


You know what's great about your investment account with the big guys. It's actually a time machine. Log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Pay for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and s sipc. Full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers in communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.