
Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best Deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series. Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at&t store for Details@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Moments Like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If. you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called. Boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously. When you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Mick d app for details.


You guys, this is history. What you've done. What a shot You guys should built A Platform that I includes. S Most, Dangerous Morning. Show Girl Breakfast. DJ Envy every Play. My record. I made it just hilarious. Jesse Ster. Nobody Charlemagne The God. What made you think the Viking of controversial questions for previous party? I like This show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne is running a little late and it's Thursday.


How you feeling, Jess? I'm okay. You all right? Yep. You look happy? Or is that one I'm fake smiles. Like I just gotta make myself look happy, but I'm really like miserable. I'm ready to get this baby up outta here. Yeah, both. Little bit of both. Yeah. Little Bit of both, because I am happy. I'm just like ready though. I'm both You. You ready? Yeah. Okay. Now I know you, I know you've been home, so I know you've been watching the Olympics. Absolutely. What did you watch yesterday? What was on yesterday? I Watched swimming yesterday. I watched the men's gymnastics and other basketball and soccer. Soccer, soccer, Soccer. Now swimming. The, the, the young lady that won the goal for swimming, she got busy. Yes, yes, yes. I, her name's Chanel or Canal or something like that thing.


Yeah. But yeah, she definitely got busy. That 1500 meter, 1500 meter. Yes. Going back and forth 30 times and being, That is ridiculous. That is, I used to do That. I used to do that all the time. I used to kill it too, As we were saying. Yeah. As we were saying. So she, she didn't just kill, she got, she won a a, a a, an Olympic world record, and she did her thing. She blew, she blew all the mother women out, everybody. And she led the whole time. Yep. You see, like she never got tired. I mean, she never fell behind. I'm not gonna say she never got tired. Right. Because that whole thing, swimming, you use in every limb, Every muscle. That's right. Every Muscle. Everything. And, And we eat a lot. She started off with a really, really good pace. Yep. Right. Like for the first 10 laps.


And then her last 20, she went strong. Yep. Shorty is strong Enough. She's strong as Hal. Yeah. That's how we used to do it. Yo, shut up, man. You never did no damn swimming. Do it just like that short. He too short to be swimming. Yeah. He is way too short. Lemme, lemme ask you a question. You ever seen a tall what? You ever seen a tall fish? No. No. Okay. What does, what is that? What what, what does that mean? What, what? He's a philosopher this morning. Have you ever seen a tall fish asking the Question? They are human beings. Listen, If, you stand next to one of them swimmers, them professional swimmers. You would feel like nemo like a little fish. They're all, they're all long as hell. Yeah. They're all long. All the men are like six five to six eight.


Oh my God. Yes. Long wind scan, whatever, wingspan. So, yes. Alright, well, let's get the show Cracking. Hill Harper will be joining us this, this morning. You know actor Hill Harper. He's running for the Democratic candidate for US Senate out in Michigan. He was on what? CSI, he was on, what was it? The Good Guy? I think it's called. Mm. I think it was called The Good Guy. I know, I definitely know he was on CSI. But he, I've seen him in a Few, in a few films. Like Yeah, his TV catalog is Cool. Absolutely. But he's running for senate in Michigan. Michigan, that's right. Yeah. So we gonna be kicking with him in a little bit. All right. Now let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. When we come back, Morgan Wood will be joining us a lot to discuss Donald Trump. He's crazy. He done lost his damn mind. We'll discuss in a second. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Jesse Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning, y'all. It's the first of the month. Wake up. Wake up. Wake up. Yeah. Thursday. So let's get into this front page news now. I hope we got time for now. Former President Donald Trump sat with a, for a q and A session with black journalists at the National Association of Black Journalist Convention in Chicago yesterday. And he had a heated exchange with a, b, c news, congressional correspondent Rachel Scott, who asked Trump why voters should support the former president for a second term. He also tried to clear up what a black job is.


Let's hear what those comments sound like from Trump at the NABJ convention. Well, first of all, I don't think I've ever been asked a question. So in, in such a horrible manner, the first question, you don't even say, hello, how are you? Are you with A, B, C? Because I think they're a fake news network. A terrible network. Why were you Question, how do you define DEI, go ahead. How do you define diversity? Equity, inclusion. Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Is that what your definition That is? That that Is literal words. Gimme a definition then would you gimme a definition of that? Gimme a definition, sir. I'm Asking you a question. Very direct question. No. Define, define the, define it for me. If. you Would, I just defined it exactly as a black job, Sir.


A black job is anybody that has a job. That's what it is. Anybody that has a job. Alright. I wish we would have played the opening question. Oh my goodness. Opening. Yeah. That was the opening question is why You know? Why should black voter support the former president? Of course, he went on to call that introduction, disgraceful and rude. Shortly thereafter though, he criticized vice president Kamala Harris calling her the, the worst border czar in history of The World. And he also questioned her racial identity. Let's hear those comments. I've known her a long time, indirectly, not directly very much. And she was always of Indian heritage, and she was only promoting Indian heritage.


I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black. And now she wants to be known as black. That man crazy. He's not crazy. He's Donald Trump. Nah, he's crazy You know the fact. Trump says anything that surprises y'all Now is that, that surprises me. You know, personally, I was impressed. It's impressive to surpass whatever expectations people have of you. 'cause folks knew it was gonna be a lot. Folks knew they was gonna be entertained by Donald Trump, and he over exceeded expectations. He did. First of all, I don't even know why he went though. Like why would he go? Why not? He knew he wasn't gonna get the warm welcome that he he thought he was gonna get. He knew he wasn't gonna go get That. Yeah. But if I'm, if I'm, if I'm Donald Trump and You know polls are saying that You know, I, I, my numbers amongst black voters may be increasing.


Why not? Why not? Go? So, The, the group's decision to host the former president was followed by the resignation, as you said, envy. It wasn't the most warm welcome. It was followed by the resignation of NABJ Convention Co-chair Karen Attiya and quite a few members of the organization slammed the decision to host the former president. However, NABJ President Ken Lemon backed the decision saying they welcome the opportunity for members to ask the tough questions that will provide the truth. That's right. Black Americans want and need to know. Meanwhile, the White House press Secretary, Corin Jean Pierre, reacted to the former president's comments during yesterday's briefing. Let's hear more from Kain Jean-Pierre As a person of color, as a black woman who is in this position that is standing before you be at this podium, behind this lectern.


What he just said, what you just read out to me is impulsive. It's insulting. And we have to put, she is the vice President of the United States. Kamala Harris. We have to put some respect on her name. Period. All right, bird man. Listen. Three Y'all, Everybody saying that NABJ shouldn't have had had Trump there they are bugging. No, they should have had 'em, man. Okay. Journalists are supposed to be objective. I thought Rachel Scott did a fantastic job. She asked tough questions. Doesn't matter what his answers are. You know what I mean? She, she asked the right question as long as she asked the right questions. That's rights. If he wants to have a meltdown on stage, that's on him. No, that I, yeah, I agree with you. And. I don't even think She was having a meltdown. That's just Trump. No, that's him. That's him. But I don't think if Donald Trump and Donald Trump should have did it.


But I I love, I love the questions. I mean, they asked the right questions and And, I was him to answer the way he wanted dance. And we got Donald Trump. Donald Trump did Donald Trump. Trump went up there. Trump and Trump Was Trumper. Trump was Trumper. Yes. So, in other news, president Biden will reportedly give a primetime address to kick, kick off the Democratic national conventions. Reports say the President's speech will focus on passing the torch to Vice President Kamala Harris. The convention is set to begin August 19th in Chicago. A lot going on in Chicago this month. That's less than a month since Biden made the decision to drop out the 2024 presidential race to endorse and endorse Harris. Rather, Democrats will begin the process of officially nominating the party candidate for president with a virtual call today.


This goes down today. So she could be an the official nominee at the end of business Standing on. Alright, well, thank you Morgan. I, I just, just got one question. When, when did we question if Kamala Harris was black enough? I don't understand when that happened. I mean, she went to A-H-B-C-U, she's a member of, of AKAs. Like, when did we ever question the fact that she was black? I, I don't, I'm Confused. That's an oldie but goody from Donald Trump, though. I mean, Donald Trump also said that Barack Obama wasn't born, born here. So I mean, that, that's, that's one of his classic kids. Plus that's a, a social media narrative. You know because her father is Jamaican. Jamaican. Yeah. So they say she's not a, a, a black a found Black American. Right. Yeah. Woman You know. Yeah. We'll Talk more about that in the next hour.


In fact, JD Vance has some interesting comments about her race as well. All right. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club Out. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo. Char Envy. What up? Are we Lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a Outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can Get on the phone right now here and tell you what. It's We live. Hello? Who's this? That's Tony. Hey, Tony. What's up? Get it off your chest, Tony. Hey, Tony. Alright, How y'all doing?


Charlamagne Envy, Jeff. Good morning. But I was just listening to y'all with the, the, the, the interview with Trump and yesterday. Yes, sir. Man, to be honest, Camilla, has she already said that she wasn't black? It's all over everything. She have interview. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I understand. But she already said that she's not black. She identified as an Indian. She, she, but she was running and she did all of that account. She, yes, she has no, she hasn't have you. Yes, She has. Listen, have you ever read her book in? No, I don't. I don't. I won't. I I won't say what now. And I, In her book, she specifically talks about how You know her mom definitely instilled her Indian heritage in her, but also told her she was a, a, a black woman and raised her to be a proud black woman.


They Have an interview, she has a verbal interview with a white woman and she says that she is not black. She is Indian. I never heard that in my life. I never heard that either. I've never heard Ka. Oh, well, y'all might need to. I'm saying like, when y'all say stuff though, but look, listen, when y'all say stuff, y'all, y'all do your research well, Well, You know. She was up here. She said she was a black woman. She was up here when we Spoke to, we never heard Ka because It's convenient for black votes right now. Yeah, of course. No, she said this back in 2018 when we interviewed her. By the way, why would I even ask, why would we not think she's black? You Know She went to her HBCU. She's an AKA Whatcha talking about, okay, you can go to HBCUs and still not be black. I'm a sma. We have white sigmas.


So listen, you don't think Jamaicans are black? Do I not think Jamaicans are black? I'm saying she, she said she's identified as a black American. She's not a black American. That is what she said. At one point in time she said she's not a black American. But now that she's running for president, now she's running from office and now she's screaming, she's black. Now You gotta cite your sources. I've never heard her, I've never heard her say, say she's not a black American. Be you at one time. So let's figure it out. And then when we, when we either can't find it, then you have to apologize. And Jamaicans Are black, but ask them. That's what I'm saying, tell 'em cited sauce. I've never heard her say she's not a black American. Right. Jamaicans are. She could possibly be black. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's good? It's Keith from Brooklyn. You heard Keith from Good morning.


Good morning everybody. What's up Keith? I love you guys. Alright. Yo, so I I wanted to talk about that Donald Trump thing last night. Man, I ain't even gonna hold you. I was, I was entertained, man. I just like how he just coming in there like, yo, I'm going on smoke. I keep telling y'all that's what he, that's yo, He wants all the smoke. That's where he wins at. Just because people, and, And by and by the way, that black job, my bad, sorry to cut you off, Charmaine. That whole black job thing that he was talking about, all he was saying, like, I mean, I've been to what he was saying, but all he was saying was he was saying, oh, they taking jobs that black people could have. That's all he, that's all he was saying. And by the way, it wasn't even true because right here in New York City, they're not even allowed to work.


Like that's the, that's the problem that's going on right now is that we gotta feed and shelter these people, but they're not allowed to work. Okay. So That wasn't even true anyway. But, but what he was trying to say is that immigrants are trying to take like jobs that black people or white people could get. That's all he was saying. Okay. Thank you. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's going on? This is Mack, man. I'm calling from Savannah, Georgia Mack. What up? Get it off your chest. Hey, what's going on boss? Hey, so I had a couple things real quick yesterday when you guys were talking about the lady that didn't wanna date, people that came from the same parent household or two parent household. Yep. You guys never mentioned the fact, what if they're the same parents? What if it's two moms or two dads or two dads that identify as two moms or two?


Two moms that identifies two dads. Would she be dealing willing to date somebody from that type of situation? That's, We didn't even think about that. Never happened. Said in our minds. Said we didn't say man or woman or we didn't say what they identified. I mean, honestly said two parents. Yeah. Me speaking personally, I never think about that. Never, ever. When I think about two parent households, that's new. That's two 2020. Yeah, exactly. That just started happening. I'm sorry. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk.


I hate the way dress. Everything with me is best. Best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me. I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Good Morning people. Be careful out there. There. See, today everybody, especially If, you in the New York Tri-state area. We are we going to go through it today? But to get to jump straight through it to it. I don't know. If you remember guys and girls, I'm the guy that told you to call before And. I said that the black Democratic Democratic caucus didn't support Obama on this first term. And. I say that to say is that a lot of times these institutions are supposed to have our best interests at heart kind of flow away from the admission statement for those journalists not to want to interview him and hold his feet to the fire.


Yeah, of course he knew he was gonna lie. You knew he wasn't going to answer the questions. But you still let The World see or who the, the, the people that you represent or supposed to bring the information to see him from what he is and for them to say to to be upset that you're going to interview him. I don't understand that you're a journalist. That's right. You go ahead.


State. Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Walbrook. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy? Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is un uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at and t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. It's so good. In fact, it'll have you shouting from the rooftop. So get yourself down the street level and learn how to snag a new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at and t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home. At and t connecting changes everything requires trading of Galaxy S not or Z Series. Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number. The power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back with plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% terms apply.


Right? And you ask the important questions. That's what journalism is about. Getting to the truth or, or exposing other things. Also, that same organization didn't allow Kamala Harris to interview virtually because of prior engagement. And the the statesman that that died in Houston last week or two weeks ago. Sheila, Sheila Johnson, she went to her service. Sheila Johnson. Right? So she couldn't make it in person. Sheila Jackson. I'm sorry? Sheila Jackson Lee. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That she was going to her service so she wouldn't be able to appear in person, but they rejected her to appear virtually. So we gotta start holding these organizations that supposedly have our best interest at for as well.


And one more thing, And I hate to give credit, but you gotta give credit. Where, where due, there's a certain amount of respect that you gotta say to give the Donald Trump to know that he was gonna walk into the Lions than and be answered in a hostile, not a hostile, but an environment that was less ingratiated to him than his normal environments that he goes to go through. And he did it. A lot of people would've shied away from that. Now that speaks to the narcissist in him. But there's a certain amount of respect that you gotta get him from showing up At all. I-I-I-I-I can, I can see that. I also think that he knew that that was gonna be an opportunity to take away headlines from the vice president. 'cause you gotta think about You know it was an assassination attempt on Donald Trump's life, right? He owned the week.


Soon as Joe Biden stepped down and You know, they put Kamala up. Kamala has dominated the news cycle. This is really the first time in about maybe a week and a half since the assassination attempt where Donald Trump is, is, is, is top of the ticket when it comes to the headlines. Right? So he he, he knew that was a way to take away, take a little, I I'm not gonna say energy 'cause your campaign got a lot of energy, but just to get his name back in the mix. Pop back in the headlines. Yep. Hello? Who's this? Yo, yo, Yo. Get it up for your chest. YY Hey yo. Yeah. Yeah. That dude. I'm glad he just lost signal because he was throwing out some trash signals. My name is David Ash. I'm from 7 5 7 and I'm sick of this nonsense about Kamala Harris.


And I being black enough and then they drop in or she slept away to the top. All that nonsense weren't even out before. Now You know they, they got a new narrative they trying to put out there and wack dudes like the dude who was just on the phone who You know he, he uses Sprint Wireless or a Frog or something like that. You. know what I'm saying? You know throwing out these bad, bad messages. Man, it ain't true, man. I mean, I ain't a Kamala Harris like, lie You know, like, like that. But hey, we got two choices. We got Trump and Kamala Harris. Man, you gonna choose the evil or more evil You. know what I mean? No, I don't feel like that this time around. No, I mean neither. I felt like With the last two choices you might be choosing the less of two evils. I don't feel like that with this in this, in this current situation.


But I mean, she is half black, she's half Indian. And he did say something just not, that's not all the way true. All of this stuff that they're saying about the vice president, they've been saying like, when, when I was out there on the campaign trail with trail with her in 2020, they was saying these same exact things. All of that. There's no new rhetoric. No. Like none whatsoever. None. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes. Vibe is Cartel made his way home after being locked up. So, Okay. Alright, well, we'll get into that when we come back though. Move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning, The, Breakfast, Club. All right. Be careful.


What's wrong with you? Yo You know what's funny? We'll play Gorilla or we'll play anything hard. And Charlemagne asked the toughest. He starts rocking YI play, play with me. I go eat some jail food for you. I'm like, I'm just quoting rap lyrics. It's so tough about not acting tough. I'm quoting the rap lyrics matching Father, Yo, you still pregnant? See, why is it so aggressive? Why so Aggressive? 'cause of glow. I I need her to calm down sometimes because she be hitting niggas hype Too Hype about anything? Yes. I'm still pregnant. Yeah. Oh, you said because of Glow? Yes. When you listen to Glow Rilla real hype. Okay. Okay. You Seem aggressive right there. Everything hype legs Are spread open. No, we mean you hype, you aggressive.


You, when you, she do something to you, When you listen to her, It's just with the mess. You just Get real. He, he don't know what he's saying. Let's, let's get to just with the mess. Moore just don't do no lying. Nobody. Why Jess World? Worldwide. Worldwide On The. Breakfast Club. She's the cultureship. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. Okay. So Vibes Cartel was released from prison. We got the reports. Please play it. International Dance Hall Music Star Vibes Cartel got the news.


He's been waiting for. The Jamaica Court of Appeal ordered him and his three co-defendants to be released immediately. Now, Aja Palmer, better known as award-winning chart topping entertainer vibes cartel was at the height of his career in 2011 when he and three other men were arrested and charged in the murder of Clive Lizard. Williams cartel maintained his innocence throughout and fought the conviction over many years. And appeals, the court cited many factors in their very thorough explanation, justifying the release, giving both sides, including cartel's health condition, which the court acknowledged had worsened during his many years behind bars. Yep, yep, yep. And people may have noticed that Bob's cartel looks significant significantly different since videos of him circulating since he'd been released in 2023.


A swarm medical affidavit from cartel's private doctor notified authorities that his Graves disease, heart condition, and thyroid disease were getting worse. Thanks. And that it could be fatal if he didn't receive treatment soon. His legal team said his neck was swollen. If. you think of a shirt that is about 18.5 inches in the neck area. You couldn't close the collar on his neck. Whoa. Wow. 'cause it was that swollen and his face was actually swollen as well. So that's how bad it gotten. And he also wears glasses because of his condition, the thyroid condition. His eyes were protrude. His legal team spoke out about the severe con conditions of his cell since 2011. They described his cell as like it was all brick, no air circulation, no water in a bucket for a toilet.


Wow. Throughout the years, bobs cartel has continued to claim his innocence and fought to have the conviction thrown out. So people all over The World are welcoming him home. I've been seeing a lot about him. People are so excited for his, his release and we hope that he gets the treatment that he needs now that he's home. Right. Yeah. I seen Drake post about it was likely he wasn't gonna Survive. Like Yeah, I seen Cardy b post about it. I seen a lot of artists post about it. So That was, that's, that's bad. Like I Graves disease and all of that. Like, and then how they treat you in prison. Like you don't, I mean, whatever your charge is, you get what I'm saying? Like, You're still a human youm saying you're still a Human. Right? So, and it's a lot of prisons around The World like that, like where they treat you You know they treat animals better than they treat human beings in some of these prisons So crazy.


Donald Trump shares his thoughts on pronouns. So Donald Trump did an interview with Fox News host Laura Ingram, and during the conversation they discussed the fluidity in Kamala Harris decision to share her preferred pronouns, which I don't know why, why she did that, but she shared them, and this is what they thought about it. Kamala Harrison, her Twitter bio, which I never noticed until this morning, states her pronouns as she slash her. What are your pronouns? I have no, I don't want pronouns. I don't want pronouns. I saw that. So You're fluid. What is that? Nobody Even knows what that means. Ask her to describe exactly what that means. Well, what is that? Why, why Are people forget that? Nobody knows. Well, what is that?


No, because they're going crazy. All right. We have to bring our country back to sanity. We all had pronouns though, even before, like pronouns was a thing. We just didn't acknowledge that we had 'em. We just You know. He, she I You. Okay. We, they them us. So You know we all, Yeah, that's just proper English. That's just what that is. But That's what they're called Pronouns. Yeah. Personal Pronouns. Yeah. That right. That's pronouns. But like, I, it's not really a lot of things that I agree with Trump on, but that absolutely, like, like you said, I don't want pronouns. Like I'm not, I'm a human being. Like pronouns are used You know, like for sentences and, and words and things like that. Not to describe like, people's identity.


You know what I'm saying? Well, it technically, yeah. But like when you say I identify as she and her duh, like You know what I'm saying? Like, sometimes it's just like, duh. And then sometimes it's like, no, you don't You. know what I'm saying? Well, it's not as duh nowadays because people identify as things. I mean, well, Kamala Harris, duh. Like You know. I mean, I guess Me that you guess, I mean, the reason I say I guess is because I can't assume what people identify as. Back in the day I walk in the room And, I'd be like, okay, it's a bunch of guys in this room. But no, a couple of those guys might identify as a woman. That's why Trump this, they might wanna be called as she why Said, we need to get this back because this nigga done fell into this. Oh my God. You tell me.


Guess Kamala is a she and her. Hey man, listen, I don't, I'm I'm not gonna assume anybody's gender. Okay. Whatever you want to be called, I'll call you it, right? Yeah. Right. Yeah, right. Please stop playing with Yourself. But don't nobody ever wanna identify as a whole though. Don't nobody wanna ever shut up. Shut up. Yeah. And, I wanna go over the, the medal count for the Paris Olympics. Okay. 2024. So we are leading team USA, we got 30 medals. However, China is leading. That's a pronoun by the way, in Gold. Go. What? We, We? Yeah. Yeah. So USA it's just the country I'm talking about.


Yeah. So we identify as gold medal leaders. We not, but we not gold medal leaders. No. We, we are, we not? No. Oh, Okay. So just, that's what happened. When you assume and You know when you That's right. China, when you wanna China into this rhetoric, the gold medal leaders. Yeah. Yeah. So China, yeah. They, they are leading in gold. Gold. And that's how they rank it. We have the most overall, which is 30. But China been killing y'all. Yeah. They've been killing ass. So they are killing Ass. Yes, they, yep. Got You. Got you. They are. Yep. All the men In white, all the leaders, They're busting ass. Yes, they are. They Busting our, They are busing. Okay, got you, got you, got you. Yeah. Yeah. Just the men and women of China okay.


Are killing. And that's how they got all them gold medals. And that's just what the matter There, lady boys over there too. Now don't act like just, I don't know. I mean, I don't have nothing to do. What do we call them? They not, they not in the Olympics though. I'm not playing this game channel this morning. All right. Thank you Jess Justice. Leave It ex Kamala what they call that. Oh my goodness. When we come back, we got front page news. Morgan will be joining us and then Hill Harper be in the building. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake Up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Let me tell y'all what's going on.


Okay. So Vice president candidate JD Vance is criticizing vice president Kamala Harris for not being genuine. That's what he says. He made the comments during a rally in Arizona yesterday, calling her a phony who grew up in Canada. Let's hear more from Canada. Canada. Kamala Harris is a phony who caters to whatever audience is in front of her. He held the most successful convention in history. He even took a bullet for the country he loves, but he didn't miss a single day of work. Now, president Trump did all of that in one month. Just imagine what he can do with four more years. Well, in 96 days, my friends, we're gonna take back our country and elect Donald J. Trump, president of the United States.


And it's gonna start right here in the great state of Arizona. Right? She lived, she lived in Canada for like four or five years, I think you would. Yeah. During her high in Canada, if I'm not mistaken. Yes. She spent some time in Montreal. I believe Vance also spoke about a clip of Harris in Georgia where he, he said she spoke with a fake southern accent saying isn't, that isn't how they talk in Vancouver or Quebec or wherever she came from. So he went on to talk about her border border policies as he is set to visit the US Mexico border today. Now meanwhile also happening today, vice President Harris is traveling to Houston for the funeral of representative Sheila Jackson. Lee Harris will attend the service for her longtime friend and sorority sister.


The two were both members of the country's first historically black sorority, alpha Kappa Alpha, and frequently worked together on shared legislative issues in Congress. Now, Jackson Lee passed away earlier this month, or excuse me, last month at the age of 74 after battling cancer. Now this Marks Harris's third visit to Texas in the last month. Lee's body laid in state earlier this week or last week at the Houston City Hall. And President Biden also came to pay his respects last week. Yeah. So shout out to just Sheila Jackson Lee and the work that she did in her lifetime. Absolutely. I'm switching gears to USA team. USA. So the USA men's basketball team is still undefeated at the, as they rolled past South Sudan, 1 0 3 to 86.


In the second game of the group phase, bam Adebayo led the Americans in scoring with 18 points. Kevin Durant chipped in with 14 and LeBron James recorded a dozen. The US is now leading group C with four points and will wrap up a group phase of play against Puerto Rico on Saturday. Meanwhile, the women's team plays its second game today against Belgium. United States did come up short in its effort in men's gymnastics, all round final at the Paris Olympics. Paul Judah and Frederick Richard finished outside the top 10 of the competition. US gymnast Frederick Richards said, the hard work says with hard work, more medals will be in his future. Let's hear from him. There's still more to gain from this. Meet You know I can still do something that I've never done on the rings and then something I've never done on the vault and just get better.


Eventually it'll all come together. The medals will come for now, I just gotta try to get as good as I can every moment that I can. Yeah, keep it up. Keep it up. And Simone Biles and SUNY Lee will be competing in the women's all around final today as well. Yeah. The men, they, they, they had a little, they had a hard time though. Like they did. Everybody, everybody was like a little frazzled. You know Japan, China, you seen the boy that bounced on his head like a baby, because You know the floor is like a big ass trampoline. So You know before You know it was, it was a lot. You know Frederick for USA, he, everybody just seemed like a little tired and like it is nervousness. It this is like, it's coming down to the finals. So it's it was, they were, I was like nervous for them, but they still did good though.


Don't play with us. Don't play with Us. Absolutely. And I was gonna say You know also what you mentioned off air. Katie Ledecky also brought home a gold medal as well for the women, for women swimming in the Paris Olympics yesterday. She, to see that in the 1500 meter freestyle, definitely with a record time of 1530. So she earned her eighth career gold medal and 12th medal overall both tying the women's record. Absolutely. Yeah. We You know, we we doing a daggon thing, like you said France, they kind of closed the gap, but we still And salute. It's still up and salute to all the athletes that doing the, our triathlon because there's no way I would get in that river, that water. 'cause I mean the fact that they said the water was nasty for a couple of days and it wasn't safe.


Yes, absolutely. And now all of a sudden it's safe to jump in. Yeah. Nah, be, I'm good. I don't even know what y'all did. They all coulda did that fast, Right One. Yeah. No, absolutely. But yeah, that's your front page news. Don't forget, we are your exclusive audio partner for the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris. Stay looped in on everything right here on our free iHeart radio app. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on social at Morgan Media and be sure to check in with the Black Information network@binews.com. Thank y'all. All right, Steve Morgan, now when we come back, actor Hill Harper will be joining us. He's running for US Senate out in Michigan. We gonna talk to him next. So don't move. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The.


Breakfast Club Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. We Got the brother Hill Harper. Welcome back, Brother. Yes. Yeah. Good, good, good, good, good to be here, man. This I, this is very nice. You got bigger things to be doing, man. Yeah, we do. We run for senate in Michigan, run for US senate in Michigan. We're gonna, we, we, we got this primary August 6th, which is a huge deal, man. It's about turnout. It's a huge challenge to get communities out because so many of our people don't even know what a primary is. Right? People come up, man, I'm vote for you in November. I got you. I'm gonna vote for you in Kamala in November. I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do that. And I'm like, dog, If, you don't vote for me August 6th.


I won't be on the ballot in November. And, and many, many ways, I blame the Democratic Party for that. They show up with tens of millions of dollars in October saying, save the country. Come on, come on, y'all turn out. But they want to place their establishment candidates in the primary, so they want low turnout in the primary, so they're doing no GOTV work. So my campaign literally has to try to educate folks, this is why you need to vote on the, the primary is actually more important than the general, because If, you can't get the right candidates on the ballot in the general election. Then you have a very limited choice. And therefore people keep saying, man, nothing changes. Do you think that the Democratic Party wipe their ass with democracy by not having a primary that properly appoint a new top of the ticket for president?


I don't know about that. I don't know because the time is so tight. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's You know you're talking about less than a hundred days. So You know, it's almost that thing. You kind of gotta get in line and get organized. And You know, it's, it's something I say all the time about many, many of us that are You know more progressive. I say, man, we can agree on nine things, disagree on one. And people are like, I can't work with them. And then You know the other side. They can disagree on nine, agree on one and go storm the capital together. Yeah. So, so I think that when you look at the reality of the situation and timing wise, you gotta make a decision and go, folks have to line up, get behind folks and, and, and, and do that in that type of process. They were asking for a primary last year. Yeah. Yeah.


Listen, I mean, I think in hindsight, I mean, we can even go back. I mean, You know everything is is much clearer in hindsight, right? I mean, Ruth Bader Ginsburg should have stepped down You know, I mean, and made that decision. And certainly I'm, I'm sure there would've been a process of President Biden having, being able to do it in a way that You know he's getting celebrated and all this. And it didn't feel like it's, but at the end, end of the day, man, sometimes I just say You know God is gonna take care of things the way it's going to happen. That's a fact. You know. And that's just it. So, so this, this process is playing out the way it should. Absolutely. Well they also said it was a finance thing, right? Because Harris's name was on the ticket. It's easy to transfer the, transfer the funds over too. So they, they said that was, but we Talking about last year, like You know, I, because I've been saying for the longest President Biden should step down, right?


Like, I just didn't think, think he could win in November. And I thought that was a fair question to ask. Is the Biden Harris ticket a winnable ticket in November? Right. So I've been asking that and people were saying last year they should primary him. 'cause everybody saw the decline, right? I mean, it was, it is definitely apparent. The, the question is was that, and obviously, I mean, come on. I mean, we, we saw what we saw. You can't unsee what you saw. That's right. Right. You know, my mother's 86 years old. God bless her, she lives with me in Detroit and, and me and my son and, and You know she's not moving the way she used to move. Right. And that's not her fault. And she's one of the most brilliant people. First black female anesthesiologist, one of the first black female anesthesiologists in the country. But at the end of the day, You know time can't be for the time.


That's right. That's right. Time, time is one. It's undefeated Now There's a video of you 15 years ago predicting that Kamala Harris was gonna be the president. That's right. What did you see in her 15


year State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Walbrook. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy? Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Kerry Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Add enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. SymbioticA is your solution to great tasting, all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. They're products have no seed oils, fillers, or toxins. Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbiotica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off, plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbiotica.com. C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com.


We are here for the history, not the hype to shed light, not fan flames. We are here for the whole story, not just a headline here to uphold democracy, uncover the facts, and illuminate what matters. Democracy dies in darkness. That's where we come in the Washington Post. Switch on subscribe today at Washington post.com/iheart.


Years ago that made you think that before people even knew who she was, I think leadership, tenacity You know when you talk about someone with intelligence, someone who's work ethic, someone who very passionate about wanting to make The World better and, and figuring out ways to do that. And so there was no You know in my mind when I went to Harvard Law School with Barack. You see things in people and you can see just who and how, what they're made of. There's a lot of things that I think that she's going to have to do to appeal You know from a Michigan point of view to clean up some of the problems with the Arabic Muslim community in Michigan, et cetera. But she can do that work. There's an opportunity here. She can do that work. She can, I believe, get that done. I think her rhetoric around Israel and Gaza thus far has been stellar.


I really do. Well, not going to the Netanyahu speech was a, was a definitely a step in the right direction. Absolutely. That was a step in the right direction for sure. Absolutely. But even Elaine, I mean, even what she says, she's like, Israel does have the right to defend itself, but we still have to work towards a ceasefire. We need a ceasefire as well, watching innocent people get killed. And to me it's so ba it's common sense rhetoric, but for whatever reason, people are afraid to say that. I say it all the time, there's no good war and there's no bad peace. I mean, that's just the simple fact is we wanna save lives. At the end of the day, humanity and human rights have to come first in every discussion. That's for everybody. And that just, and, and the idea of If, you say You know when I call for ceasefire, for instance, my social media got ratcheted down by 98%.


And this is like last November when I called for, I was one of the first US Senate candidates in the country to call for. And the idea that if you're calling for ceasefire some somehow that's a pro terrorism or, or, or anti-Israel or anti-human or this, it's not true. The thing is, I can't stand terrorists. Terrorists. That's, that's violence and malevolent and that's, I can't stand hostages. That's violence and malevolence. But this, I also can't stand carpet bombing and ultimately covering places with indiscriminate bombing and killing women and children and, and, and the injury and death. Death toll. And so it's heartbreaking. I was in a meeting last night in Dearborn in Michigan with a number of folks from the Palestinian community and their hearts are ripped out because they're seeing their family members.


And so, but at the same time, you have a whole set of folks who have You know hostages have been taken and their hearts are broken. So there's so much pain and grief. But the idea is how do we get to a place where we reduce the level of violence and the level of, of a level of behavior we can get there, but you don't get there through a bomb. We had Governor Whitmer up here and, and I'm gonna ask you the same thing 'cause You know you're in Michigan. How much of an impact do you think that's gonna have in November? Because when you see these hundreds of thousands of people who voted uncommitted You know, You know during primaries, it's like, how you gonna that switch in November to be like, You know what, we're gonna show up now. Well, this may sound self-serving, but I think if, if, if I can come to and win this primary, we You know at the top of the ticket in Michigan, Harris and Harper Ticket there we're able to to, to unify those communities.


'cause the one thing I'm proud about among many things with our campaign is we've been able to unify the black community in Michigan as well as the a Muslim community. I have the endorsements from You know most of the top leaders in Michigan that are from the a Muslim community as well as the Arab American Political Action Committee, the a Muslim Political Action Committee, but also all the endorsements from the top black political leaders, which is oftentimes communities that haven't come together. And so we have to figure out a way to unify communities. Because when you look back and you look at Dr. King and Jim Crow, you look at Nelson Mandela and apartheid, we are in these types of seminal moments, kairos moments, moments that are inflection points. And this is one of them. And it's, but it's reflective of a, of a culture of violence in general.


You know there was two young, two young kids, young people that were shot on the east side of Detroit just two weeks ago, 19 other people injured. And so violence is violence no matter if it happens on the east side of Detroit or if it's happening in Gaza, death is death wherever it's happening. And we, our, our, our eyeballs have to be about how do we save humans? How do we create human rights? How would we create opportunity? That has to be our litmus test. It's not about trying to do political posturing. Absolutely. All right. We got more with Hill Harper when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yeah. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Hill Harper. DJ and v Jesse, Larry Charlemagne, the God And I have a question. A lot of people will say they know you as an actor and a lot of the stuff that you did, but what got you into politics?


What made you say You know what? I'm gonna put this acting bag down, put it on hold for a little bit and, and, and make sure my community's Straight. You was getting a good acting bag. I mean, the good doctors man, don't remind, don't remind, remind me You was getting a lot of, please don't. Please don't remind back. No, no. At the end of the day when I got into acting, I wanted to be like actors that were activists. Her Bill Lafonte, Ozzy Davis, who I did, I did the movie, get on the bus with Ozzy. I got to sit next to him for You know God rest his soul for, for weeks on end. And him just counseling me, talking about when Malcolm X would come to the house and Dr. King and he'd, what he would do. Gil Scott Heron You know all this and one have impact. You know in that kind of way that moves the meter. And it's clear that the days through that entertainment lens are gone.


There is a level of collusion and corruption in our federal government, basically because of Citizens United. I mean, You know. Many people think that the reaction the Obama presidency was the Tea Party. I think that's the beer. The true reaction to the Obama presidency was Citizens United in 2010 that said Money is speech called corporations people. And allowed unfettered dark money to reign into our political system and our electoral politics. Break that down for politics for Dummies now. Okay. Okay. So check it out. So, so there was a court ruling that basically said, no matter who you are, you could spend unlimited money to get somebody elected. And you don't even have to report who it is and how that's called dark money. That's dark money. So like a foreign country could be doing it If.


you want if, if if if they, if they wash the money through the process. Yeah. Yes they could. And so you don't know every time just folks out there, every time you see an ad that says paid for by Patriots for America or paid for by Moving Michigan Forward or You know pay, whatever that is, just think dark money. But it seems like, it seems like every party has been bought it, it just seems like you could see where, where people You know whether it's it's the gun lobbying or whatever it is. It seems like everybody's being bought. It seems like that's the thing in Politics. That's right. But money. See, money doesn't vote. People vote. And see, this is what the big challenge has been. How do you get people to understand they still have the power. Mm. Even though they look and they're like, there's so And I was at the, the gas pump the other day.


And so I drive a a F-150, so it cost over a hundred dollars to fill it up. And so the dudes I'm pumping next to, he's like, man, this is so expensive. And I said, yeah, did You know that your tax dollars are giving big oil, literal tax breaks? He's like, and, and the prices are going up. He said, yeah, And I said, did You know that virtually all Chevron ExxonMobil, all of 'em are posting over a hundred billion in profits every quarter? He's like, well, how come my prices are like this? I'm saying, because there's collusion, corporate collusion of between your federal representatives and big oil. And so people are like, they know something's wrong. They know they're getting the short end of the stick. They just can't figure out why. Because it's dark. It's dark money. And so if we don't get rid of Citizens United, our democracy's done, when they say 20 million, is that 20 campaign, 20 10 million, 10 million in hard dollars, which would be, they raise the money, they bundle it for you.


You know they go out and $3,300 increments. That's the max you can give for the primary. So three, they'll go out and bundle the money through, through their network in $3,300 increments. That's 10 million in hard dollars. And then 10 million, what they call soft dollars. That's a nice way of saying dark money that we talked about already. And that's unlimited. So they just, they find a big donor, mul You know, couple big donors to stroke million dollar checks. And then you get 10 million in, in soft, 10 million in hard. How much in your pocket? You know there's none in the pocket. It's to win. Right. They, they're giving that money to campaign dollars to win it's camp. This is all campaign dollars. Got you. Right. And so, so they think that everybody wants that, that badge on their lapel to be in Congress. That's why you're running for office not to actually help people. Gotcha. Right. They think that you want power more 'cause that's what they want.


Mm. And that's what we're filled with. We're filled with a, a Congress of Representatives that are more interested in power maintenance and helping people. And, and that's what we as people have to realize. And we have to start electing candidates that actually want to help people. And they're not interested in just Powerade. That's because look it, both, both the Republican and Democratic party are complicit in not wanting to get rid of Citizens United. 'cause If, you really wanted to represent people first. You'd be wanting to get rid of it. You don't, you, you would not want to have it. And it's gonna take a constitutional amendment to do it. Or expanding the court to get a new court ruling to get rid of Citizens United. That's my biggest issue with the Democratic Party always, is that they lack courage.


I believe that they try a lot of political strategies, but courage is in one of them. That's why it was You know, refreshing to see President Biden step down, whether they pushed him out, whatever it was, it was just refreshing to see that. But all these things that you're describing now, it takes courage to do. It takes courage to expand the Supreme Court. It takes courage to make these constitutional amendments. I don't know if they have it. That's why we gotta take it. I mean, that's, that's the thing. I mean, I I, my friend said to me the other day, Hey said, hell man, you're trying to save the Democratic party from itself. Mm. You know. Because at the end of the day, you're right. It's losing, its, it's You know. It's losing its way, losing its soul. And we gotta bring it back. Because if people are checking out, I mean, when you just start to see, and that's the challenge here, voter apathy. It's like that study You know when the professor would shock the dog, the dog jumped and they kept it on the same setting.


And the next time it's shocked if the dog only jumps so high, eventually the dog stopped jumping. And that's what we've done to people in the electorate. People have seen so much corruption and they're seeing so much inaction that they've stopped voting and participating. And I'm trying to wake people up. It's like that scene outta school days wake up trying to get people to say, we have an opportunity just in Michigan with my race. I'm running against someone who didn't co-sponsor the George Floyd Justin Policing Act. Didn't co-sponsor Medicare for All, actually voted to not fund the State Department to study the Gaza Health Ministries Death and injury records. I mean, I didn't even know how you make that vote. I I mean obviously I do. When you're getting funded from the other side, you, that's how you make that vote.


But the point being, we have an opportunity here to grab a US Senate seat. The US Senate 100 people in this country control the distribution of $7.2 trillion. People don't realize that. People think, oh, the president, the president, the executive branch does not control the money. Y'all. It's the United States Senate and If, you if You know If, you want your money to be used for overseas violence. Or do you want it to be used for healthcare at home? Do you want your money to, to go to, to, to, to undergirding and, and giving tax breaks to big oil or big pharma? Or do you want it to go to public education that is directly who you put in the US Senate? That's right. That's it. But if we check out like, like, like, I'm seeing so many, fuck man, it doesn't matter. I ain't voting. I don't even know what a primary is.


I'm, I can't do this. If we do that, we have lost, don't be the dog that stops jumping. We have a chance. This, this is an open US Senate seat. Now I'm only running against one person. I need, I need one more vote than one person. And we, and an activist, an activist can grab a Senate seat. It's unprecedented. The opportunity we have. It's just hard to convince people to move. I know you and President Obama real close friend. Yeah. Have you asked him to endorse you yet? Yeah. Yeah. He said that he would not endorse. He thinks it's not right for a former president to endorse in an open in party race. Right. So there's a primary, an open primary. He's like, hell, you win it. Obviously I'll come in and endorse you against a Republican person. Now at the end of the day, he's always done what is the right thing.


'cause that's actually the proper thing to do. Right? That's the right thing to do. Oh, it's Hard because nobody on the other side does it. Right. Nobody on the other side does it. I don't like that. Nobody on that. You're right. Nobody else does the right thing. And well, that's the thing. And Nobody on this side does the right thing too much. Well, you think about this, there is that thing where you say they go, they go low, we go high. The problem with that is you get your legs cut off. That's the triangle offense in 2024 that won a lot of championships in the nineties. Okay. That ain't gonna win. That champ. That's championships. Now they not all, We got more with Hill Harper when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. But still kicking it with Hill Harper. Charlemagne.


Why aren't more people talking about the Supreme Court being an illegitimate institution? Why aren't more people just calling out the Supreme Court saying it's corrupt? Because my fear, and I've said this to every elected official that's come up here, let's just say the VP wins in November. Donald Trump challenges the results of the election. That's right. In light of all the recent rulings, the wild rulings the Supreme Court has done from presidential immunity, accepting bribes. That's right. All of that. What makes us think they wouldn't overturn the results of an election and then it would be a constitutional crisis. Why not declare a constitutional crisis? Now why you still got Democrats in office? A couple things have to happen. I think that, that, there's no question We need reform. I wrote an op-ed about judicial reform. We need to expand the court. When the court was set at nine justices, there were 38 million people in this country.


Now we have 360 million plus. Tens of millions aren't even counted in that number. Right. So we need more people. They need, they need to handle a bigger case load. I wanna see it expand to 15 justices, number one. Number two, I do believe that there should be a, a, a term limit in terms of how long you're on the Supreme Court. I believe you should still get a lifetime appointment to the federal bench. 'cause we don't, we wanna try to limit the corruption. And we don't want it to be like Congress where You know the private entity. Hey, you, you, you gonna be out in two years. You know rule this way and we got, we're gonna make you a partner and pay you millions of dollars. And so, so, but you only serve on the Supreme Court for 18 years and then you cycle off. And that way, if it's on a cycle, every president could appoint two justices.


And then you don't have the gerrymandering of withholding appointments and all the stuff that we've seen happen. So the system has to change the way the appointments has to change. We can fix it by systemically. It's just like anything else. You know. What's that quote by the guy? I think it was John Clear or something like that. He says, you don't rise to the level of your goals, you fall to the level of your systems. Hmm. We have broken systems now in government, citizens United, we have a broken system of the Supreme Court and the way the appointments happen, we have broken systems that we have to fix for our democracy. And so if we don't fix the systems, you're right, you're gonna continue to see these results. And there's no question it could play out the way you just said it. Absolutely. I don't, I don't see why people don't think it will.


Yeah. I mean you challenged it in in in 2020, right? That's right. I, I just don't think in light of everything that they've done recently, I don't see why they wouldn't overturn it this year if it's close. That's why it You know it. It shouldn't and can't be close. You know. And then, and that's state by state. Right. And but there's no reason to think it won't be close. Yeah. For Biden, will Biden won by 7 million in 2020. Yeah. But that's the popular vote. So, so here's an interesting statistic about the Supreme Court. You know only one of the Republican appointees has been appointed by a president that won the popular vote. Only won. Wow. That, that's wild. So you're literally talking about a representation in the, in the highest court appointed by individuals who won the presidency that did not win more individual votes by Americans.


Who would that be? Kaji Kaji would be that one. That one. No, no, no, no. I'm saying Republican. Republican. Clarence Thomas If. you lose. Would you go back to acting? Man? I haven't. I've been working so hard. I haven't even thought about it. You know. Maybe You know. I've never been the type of person that's they State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth.


To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Walbrook. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. What does a therapist do when our family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together.


Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu. With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached.


It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Had enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. SymbioticA is your solution to great tasting all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed oils, fillers, or toxins. Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbio nica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbio nica.com. C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com. Finding the right news podcast can feel like dating. It seems promising until you start listening. When You hit play on post reports, you'll get fascinating conversations and sometimes a little fun too.


I'm Martine Powers And. I'm Ella Hay ti Martine And I are the hosts of post reports. The show comes out every weekday from the Washington Post. You can follow and listen to post reports wherever you get your podcasts. It'll be a match. I promise. Anything I do, I just, I go all in and, and then You know I don't do Plan Bs. I've never, I imagine Plan Bs. Are they still reaching out to you agents still reaching out to you for parts and stuff like that? Like just, I don't even know. Yeah, you ain't even answer phone. I don't even talk to them. Yeah, yeah. I'm it's it's not, it's not even that man. It's You know. I mean I really, and this may sound crazy to y'all, but like on a show like The Good Doctor I would Saving Lives You know in pretend And I really feel in this role I could save lives for real.


Mm. I'm so been so all in on it and just working as hard as I can meeting people And I. Because I truly still believe, and maybe it's a pollyannaish view and maybe I'm totally delusional. I still believe you meet people where they are. You look 'em in the eye, they feel you. Ultimately we can win If. you do the right thing, we can win. And that's why I tell my 8-year-old son. So if I'm telling my 8-year-old son that I gotta believe it. You gotta believe it. But he did. He did say to me the other day, he said, daddy, are you gonna win And? I said, if more people vote from me than the other person, I'll win. He said, well, but are you going to, I said, I don't know, but all but the only thing I can control. I said, I can't control the outcome, but I can control how hard I work. That's right. And so that's, that's it. Just working as hard as I can and, and allowing people into the process.


Senators get to hire 60 to a hundred people. Think about this. No one even thinks about it. And. I go everywhere. How many of y'all know you've had two senators your whole life? How many of y'all know 10 people that worked in those offices? No hands go five people, no hands go. Three people, no hands go. Two people, one person. People don't even know it's the most powerful federal body in their life that should be giving them direct constituency services. But they've never even met anybody that they've been completely unrepresented. And that's what we have to change. We have to rethink what the Senate is. Senate has to be serviced. It can't be what it's been, which is basically bought politicians trying to figure out how to spend your money and distribute it in a way that's not in your best interest doesn't make sense. I got one more question. What changes do the Democratic party need to make now that they do have this new energy, right?


We've seen like over the last week and a half, You know what Vice President Kamala Harris, how the way she's energized the party the way she seemed to have bar in the party together. But what changes do the Democratic party need? I think you said it originally. Courage. Courage is my favorite word in the English language. The ed etymology of the rule. The word If. you speak French You know what means heart. You gotta get it back to the heart. You can see the fake. That's what crushed Hillary Clinton You know I got invited over to her house one time in Washington. I walked in with my friend who, who had worked for them. And I met this woman with some jeans and a T-shirt, charming, smart up, funny And I literally was sitting there having a glass of wine looking at her. It was just the three of us. And I saying in my head, where is she?


If this woman had run for president, she would've wiped the floor. But that pantsuit over fake version, the person I met in the living room was completely different in the same thing they they were doing with propping up President Biden. That's not in the best interest of people. Agree. Oh, it's very easy. Open up your heart. What's in the best interest of people? It's not about over coaching somebody. It's not about trying to prop 'em up and figuring out the machinations of how do we win. It's about doing the right thing. And if the Democratic party gets back to that core, then we'd win every election. Because how are you losing an argument to a populace on the other side? I, it just doesn't make sense. People are literally voting against their own self-interest because they feel more authenticity from the other side.


Simple as that. Yeah. It's that simple. I say it all the time, even with the vice president, that's what I've been happy to see a lot more over the last few months, but especially over the last couple of weeks. The person that we know that we've had conversations with off the air, the heart that we see, we're starting to see that we are. And if, if if that, if we see that over the next a hundred days, it won't even be close. I to completely agree. And, and that's why I hope someone doesn't get in your ear and tries to try to over coach And. I. Don't think it'll happen. You know why because it's not like she's got it. Meaning it's almost like once you're in the seat, you can relax. Just be yourself. Yeah. She's not trying to outcompete somebody. That's right. And so it's not trying to figure out, well what do I do to outcompete? It's just like, just be yourself because you already got it.


That's right. You already got the experience. You already have the intelligence. You already have the infrastructure. Now just listen. You could be more bold, more full of heart and bring that It's beautiful. I think there's a, we're in a, we're in a great inflection moment in this country and And, I'd love to be her partner in the Senate for sure. Now If people wanna support you, how can they support you? They go straight to hill harper.com. Your support means so much. We are one week away from August 6th the election. And there's early voting happening right now. And basically anything that comes in now what we do is put it right back out for voter education. We, we buy time on radio, we, we buy time on television and all of that just to say, let people know we win this thing. If enough people actually go vote You know no question.


High turnout, we win low turnout, we lose. That's just, that's the real. And so we have to, as a campaign, have to, so If, you go to hill hopper.com, $2 makes a difference y'all. And that's real. It buys a yard sign, it does all this stuff that we can actually repurpose quickly. So thank you. Alright, Well Hill hop, our ladies and gentlemen, make sure you go out and vote August 6th in Michigan and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. Your news is real. Jess, Robin Moore. Jess Don't do no lying. Don't, don't nobody Worldwide. Worldwide Method on The.


Breakfast, Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and Understand Something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to sit the door. Yo. Y'all like two children. It it is so cr like what would he even say that for? You said that boy is gay. What? What are you talking about? He sleep, he taking a nap. Charlamagne just called you gay 'cause you was asleep taking A nap. Yo y'all such children. Okay, how did I reply? First of all, no I'm not. No, I'm not behind the scenes. Okay. If I'm gay, what of you? I said if I'm Yeah, if I'm gay. What of you? He said straight Anyway, so 50 cent is the most recent cover story for the Hollywood reporter.


He posed for the cover with $3.5 million of his own money that he bought to the shoot. He said he was inspired by a shoot that Muhammad Ali did when he posed for the cover of Sports Illustrated back in 1964 with a million dollars. So he kind of flexed on 'em a little bit. You know with 2.5 more million. Anyway, the story covered a bunch of things that was standout moments for me. The first one is why he never played Diddy Close. Now I've heard him joke about this over the years. Even one time he said at Breakfast Club like Diddy had offered to take him shopping or whatever like that. But I never really like heard him say it. Seriously. He said it a couple times but it fitty be playing a lot. But yeah, he, he actually stated that in for the Hollywood reporter that he thought it was weird for a grown man to ask him like, can he take him shopping?


He also said that it made him uncomfortable. And he said that he would dodge calls from Diddy. This was earlier in his career of course. And he said, I remember Diddy would call and my son's mom would answer And I didn't wanna get on the phone. Like no, no, no. And she was like, what the F we need the money. And she's looking at me like, what? You don't wanna talk to him? And so he also said J-Lo is the one who convinced, convinced Diddy to work with him earlier in, in his career. And I didn't know that. Fitty actually wrote for Diddy reading this, this article. Yep. It was. Yep. He wrote for him. He also said Diddy is a businessman and not a producer. He said when people call him a producer, I see people that were taken advantage of who produce things that he took from them.


He got the credit, he's not a producer. He's been able to take advantage of the business and creatives in it. I don't have any interest in doing that. He also addressed criticism from the people who accused him for coming for Diddy when he's connected to Dr. Dre who also has abusive accusations as well. He said it's fine. They would feel whatever they feel because I don't know what is true or what's not true about that situation. And these things date back before I was even signed to Dr. Dre, the other big Thing. Yeah, we asked 50 about, I'm not 50. You asked Didia about the whole taking 50 shopping thing. Remember that when he was on Breakfast club and he was like, I just thought he said what he say? He said, I thought he needed some clothes. Oh my God. So he was saying he can't dress.


I don't know. That's what, that's what his saying. Well Maybe he dressed like, I want you to dress nigga. Alright. Anyway, the other big thing for me was that he insinuated that Roc Nation tried to block him from performing at the Super Bowl. He said the he got to do it is because Eminem threatened to pull out of this performance if they didn't let him join. He said that's how I ended up on the show because he was not coming if I didn't do it. When that happens you go, damn, so you just lost Eminem because you didn't bring 50. Damn. All right, bring 50 then. But if it was up to them, they would not have had me there. The full article goes into a bunch of other things like his thoughts on the Grammys and Recording Academy, his studio in Shreveport and his upcoming projects before moving on from this story though, we wanna send him love as he shared that his grandfather passed away Tuesday night.


Yeah. Condolences Promot Sam. Absolutely. Senate fifth condolence is definitely sending them healing energy, the whole family. Absolutely. Definitely. Definitely. And another story, social media reacts to Judge Joe Brown's hating as he sat and did an interview with the art of Dialogue. And when they asked him his thoughts on Kamala Harris, he did not hold back. This is what he said, How you feel about her. She used p say Shit, Jesus, I was in California. She lacked professional competence and she worked on it by hiking up her hymn line when she needed influence rather than researching. My thing about it is, is if I'm crude about it in this city years ago, I used to represent a whole bunch of pimps and holes.


And I know a hole When I see one, I don't care. Women you do what you want to do If, you want to have recreational sex, but when you do the casting couch or anything else for professional purposes to get paid or advance you a hoe. And she's old hoe. Jesus Christ. I hate old miserable as Jesus. Like I it's like what you could have told us you didn't like her without all the disrespect It be your own people. Damnit. Yeah, absolutely. I will say though, I agree with everything that y'all just said, but I like to hear some of that old verbiage. Yeah. Hing up your hym line. I ain't never heard that one. Hing up your him line. Yes. I ain't Never heard that one. Sound like a old cowboy.


You get on somebody's nerves. Yeah. Oh, oh Lord. Anyway, a lot, a lot of people disagree with 'em. I mean they slander them all line. I mean I'm not really worried about that. But it's just like, yo, you Certain things you don't, Like you said to be your own people, like some things you just don't have to say. You could have said, yo, I don't feel no way about it. I don't like her or I just don't Like that we don't get along. She's got my cup of tea, but damn to go that far. You're hiking up your him line and laying on the cows. People be saying things you can't even prove. Did you? Right. Did you, did she sleep with you and you and you gave her the C Where? Where is this coming from? Like where? That's what it sound like. Ain't give him none. Yeah. It's like certain things. You don't even give no energy man. And he old and retired.


He got mad 'cause he got fired from being a TV judge. You just say is what it is. And he be getting drunk all day anyway. No, because I'm mad about that. Don't Play with, don't play her. Like today you just threw a bunch of stuff on him. He old alcoholic, he just be getting drunk all day. That's all he Do. He got fired. He ain't got nothing else to do. He, I You know it's him ain't looking for the him lines to hike Up. Right. He claims all right. Anyway, Jonathan Majors reacts to Robert Downey Jr's return to Marvel, TMZ always. He always catching up to Jonathan Majors. He always sound like he doing something, putting something in the trunk or the van or something, whatever. And of course they took the opportunity to ask him about his starts on Marvel bringing Robert Downey Jr.


Back to play a character of Doom. That's what he said. I mean, are you hurt with the new direction that like Marvel is like going Yeah. Heartbroken. I love him. I love Kane. I love Kane. You feel like it's unfair that like you're not being given the same opportunities as them. I think it's fair that Mr. Downing is being and has been greeted with patience and curiosity and love and that Mr. Miller has gotten the same treatment and that they're being allowed to work their art and be creative at that level. I didn't heard get that. Would You want your old rollback, like your old jaw back as king to conquer? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah.


What if he was like, bitch what you think? Like What? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm shocked he didn't get a second chance either. Especially when you see how yeah, You know Marvel stood behind You know Jeremy Renner, Jeremy Renner who plays Hawkeye. He had a bunch of accusations and allegations and all kind of stuff. So yeah, I I I'm, I'm, I'm shocked that they didn't give him a second chance, but I think they wanted to move away from the King storyline period. I think if the king storyline was hitting a little bit harder and people was gravitating towards the king storyline more, all those movies that he was in had made more money. I think that they would've stuck, stuck around. But I think they wanted to move away from that, that that whole king the conquerors storyline anyway. Right, right, Right, right. Yep. And that is just, but the mess.


Alright, thank you Jess Shela man. Who are you giving your donkey to Man? We need Jesse Waters to come to the front of the congregation. Did You know why we gay? Do You know why we transitioning? I'm gonna tell y'all Jesse Waters talked to some scientists and they had a theory we gonna discuss. Alright. And then after that, Jess fix my mess. If, you need relationship advice to any type of advice you can get on the phone lines right now for just 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You're checking out The Breakfast Club America. America has a problem Overturn. They taken black judge. The Supreme Court has issued a ruling on the extent of presidential immunity from criminal prosecution. Shocking body camera video released today shows the deadly police shooting.


It feels like my Katrina doesn't stop me. Charlemagne, now is not the time to sit this one out. It's time to don't give the day. America is a big reality TV show On The. Breakfast. Club. Would You rather have the Black president or a white president problem Figuring out Premier Mayor Trump and you ain't black. It's enough. America has a presence. When did Trump say that you'd rather had a white president of a black president? I ain't never heard that one. Hear? Yeah. That was Lord have Mercy Donkey of today for Thursday, August 1st goes to Fox News host Jesse Waters. Now Jesse was on Fox News and he was discussing the white dudes for Harris fundraising call, which attracted nearly 200,000 participants and raised almost $4 million for Vice President Kamala Harris' presidential bid.


Now there've been a lot of calls for the vice president raising money. 44,000 black women came together and raised $1.6 million. 53,000 black men came together and raised $1.3 million. 200,000 white women had a call and raised $2 million. But I guess that's expected, right? The vice president is half black, half Indian women of color. So black women, black men, white women, I guess it's expected of them to show up. But when white men get together, oh, Fox News is like, hold on now. This is getting serious. Let's find a way to shame these individuals. Let's find a way to target them, demonize them if we can. Okay? They can't possibly be supporting Vice President Kamala Harris if they are of sound mind and good character, right? Huh?


Now I'm not gonna lie, this is my favorite part of campaign season. Okay? I like to see what each side is gonna say about the others. Somebody like You know former president Donald Trump makes it easy. He's given people more than enough ammo. So much ammo that oftentimes I wish the media would stop talking about how terrible he is and focus on the good You. know the other side is done. Okay? And, and, and the good the other side wants to do, but that's only on the left. All right? The right wing media is gonna attack the vice president. That's their job, okay? The right wing media is also gonna attack supporters of the vice president. That's their job. And that's exactly what Jesse Waters did. See, Jesse Waters has a problem with men who vote Democrat and he has a problem with men who vote for women. Would you like to hear what he said?


Let's go to Jesse Waters Prime time for the report please. Now I don't see why any man would vote Democrat. It's not the party of virtue security. It's not the party of strength. It's definitely not the party of family and what to be a a man and then vote for a woman just because she's a woman is either childish, that person has mommy issues or they're just trying to be accepted by other women. And I heard the scientists say the other day that when a man votes for a woman, he actually transitions into a woman. Oh, is that right? Yeah. That's what the sign says. That's the science that Sign. Yes. Now see, this is why people call y'all weird. What? Okay. I don't think it's weird. I think it's hilarious. All right. Now I do agree with Jesse.


Men, we really do a lot of things to impress women. So when he says men may be voting for women to be accepted by other women, so, okay, that's not the only reason. But if it's one of the reasons and men have been doing things You know if it's one of the reasons, that's fine. 'cause men have been doing things to be accepted by women since the beginning of time. Okay? You think I wear cologne for the homies? Yes. You wish I was wearing Kamala for men right now? So you can come sniff more. Nip what? Jesse? I'm gonna be honest with you this little rant You know, it doesn't sound just sexist and misogynistic. It sounds kind of gay. All right? You upset that men may be doing things to please women. I'm not supporting white President Harris just because she's a woman or because of what You know any woman thinks.


I don't know anyone that is supporting her because just because she's a woman or they care what women think. But the fact you believe that there's something wrong with men wanting to do things to impress women. Gay. Okay? If us voting for a woman is causing us to transition in the women, what does it make? A man who is so distraught about men voting for women and doing things to impress women? Okay. What you want them to do? Things to impress you, Jesse. Okay. Jesse said the only two reasons for a man to vote for a woman is either you have mommy issues or you just want to be accepted by women. This sounds like something, a man that's never gotten any P PPO in his life would say, okay, Jesse, you also helped me figure out something about myself.


Since about 2016, people have told me that I am transitioning in full disclosure, I did vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016. Did you envy? Yes. Okay. I don't think that's a secret anyone. She was here on The, Breakfast Club a couple times. And I. I'm sure that we said that. But I was wondering what was happening with me. And now I know. Okay, call me Charlene, the goddess. All right, because I voted for Hillary in 2016. Hell, the reason I voted for the Biden ticket in 2020 was because of now Vice President Kamala Harris. So I might need to start talking. Alright? Now I did some research and by research, I mean chat. GPTI asked chat, GPT how to know when you are transitioning gender. And it says gender dys. Gender dysphoria. Okay? That's where you just start to feel like you shouldn't be in your body.


You have a social transition where you start using a new name, different pronouns. You start presenting yourself in ways that align more closely with your gender identity. People start seeking support from other LGBT communities. Yeah, there's a few things here, but there's nothing here about voting causing, transitioning. Okay? That's the moral of the story. Also, who are these scientists you speak of? Jesse? Who are these scientists that told you that? If. you vote for a woman, you start transitioning into one. Was it pinky or the brain? Okay. Was it Professor John Frank, the mad scientist off The Simpsons? Who tells you that? If, you vote for a woman, then you transition into one. Huh? Listen, here's the moral of the story. I'm not telling you who to vote for.


Make your own decisions, but I will tell you don't vote for anyone just because of their identity. Okay? Vote for people because of their policies. Vote for people because of their agenda. Vote for people because of what they have done and what they plan to do. I vote for issues, not individuals. And when I go to the ballot box in November, after I cast my vote, the only thing I will be identifying as is a voter. Please give, give. Jesse Waters the biggest he hub. What's wrong? Gonna be you over there pondering you, feeling like a little lady? A little bit. I been wondering why you feeling like a little lady lately? Yeah. Makes sense now. Little gender dysphoria going on, huh?


Crazy. You voted for Hillary. You don't feel like you belong in the skin year.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Kerry Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Would they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Add enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. Symbi Anica is your solution to great tasting all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed oils, fillers, or toxins. Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbi symbiotica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off, plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off. Plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbiotica.com. C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com.


I have a way to make your morning more efficient. You can get caught up on the news in about seven minutes. That is my promise to you as the host of the seven podcast from the Washington Post. And in that time I will run down seven stories, everything from the most important headlines to fascinating new information you might miss. Otherwise. My name's Hannah Jewel. Go follow the seven right now, wherever you're listening and we will get you caught up.


Huh? Was asking questions here. I did do Pilates last week. Okay. Alright. Alright. Little crazy. I don't have time for this. Thank you for that. I'm just talking about what Jeff used to. I do want talk to these scientists though. Who are these scientists? Yeah. Ain't no damn Scientists. I'd love to have a conversation with them. Maybe he did talk to somebody. I ain't talk to nobody. Might be. I'm always down here. Both s Yeah. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Up next Jess. Fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're having relationship issues, problem in your relationship, your marriage, your life, call Jess right now and she'll help you out. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is the breakfast local.


Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Ask about me relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up if Dr. Jess and I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. It's Jess. Fix my mess. Time when we got Dede on the line. Dede, what's your question for Jess? Hey Jess Girl. So I've been talking to a guy for almost two years. It'll be two years in September. We are not exclusive.


I have talked about us You know being exclusive and things like that because we only mess with each other. We do everything people in relationships do. But say that we're in a relationship, I feel like I'm wasting my time. You know. I really feel like I'm wasting my time. I feel like he'll never give me the relationship that I want because of, he has personal issues with his mom. Him and his mom haven't been in a good place in years. He has two kids by two different women and they're not in good places. And, I, just, just like all this is during The relationship with with You? Well no, no, no. He had His Oh, before you he had two. Two kids with Yes, two different women. Okay.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And I have my own children so we are not looking to have children but Gotcha. I just feel like he won't ever be exclusive with me because of his issues. And I think I'm wasting my time. Yeah. Well If you think it, you are, trust me. Did you ever talk to him about it? Did you tell him that you eventually wanna stop playing like you are, like pretending that you're in a relationship and really wanna make it official? Yeah. You tell him that quite frequently. Yeah. Yeah. And he said, why do we need the titles? Why do we need that You know? Yeah. He, I, I keep my options open because when I go to his house and stuff, we cook dinner together and my phone is out.


I don't hide my phone and a couple of guys have called my phone in his presence and even though I don't answer, he sees that it's guys and he's like, you giving guys your number and we talking and I'm like, but you're not giving me what I want. I eventually want a long-term lifelong relationship. And that's not what you're obviously wanting. So yeah, I'm keeping my options open. And what's his response to that? And He felt some type of way. He felt some type of way. Okay. Well But I feel like why should I close myself off if you're not willing to be in a exclusive relationship with Me? Right. Obviously. And y'all doing things like, like a couple y'all cooking together, y'all, I imagine y'all kids know each other.


Yeah. Yeah. That's how we met Our son stayed for the same football team. So that's how we met. Right. And then this has been two years. Two years. It don't seem to different people. You know time is different. Some people say some people missing. Two years is not long. But it's, it's, it's too long to just be talking to somebody and y'all are not official. Especially if he expects exclusivity. Like you can't even You know. He feels some type of way about you having other guys calling him. That's, it's not like he has a lot of personal trauma that he needs to go to therapy for or work through or get together. It sounds like he's afraid of like, I don't know. I can't even say a commitment. 'cause he is committed.


He just don't want the title. It, it just sounds like he has issues that he needs to work out on his own life. And it's not your fault And. I think that if If you feel like you wasting your time sweetie, you are You know what I'm saying? Don't let it get to three years to me. 'cause then before You know it, it'll be five years and you still just somebody that he talk to You. know what I mean? So I, I think You know what to do. Yeah. Don't waste your time. You can continue to be friends with him. Encourage him to get the help that, that he needs. It sounds like he needs, but no, he does. Don't continue to stay there. Yeah. Don't continue to stay there. Thank you so much. You are welcome. Alrighty mama. Good luck. I love Y'all. Aw. All right. Just fixed my mess.


(800) 585-1051 call up right now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning up baby. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Just go fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We are in the middle of Jess. Fix my mess. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is me. And what's your question for Jess? Here Go. Good morning. First of all, but Jess, my question is, I've been with my baby daddy almost nine years.


He does not know how to drive at all at this point. Like I'm kind of over it. I'm set up with it. I feel like he can't help me with the kids, like how he should be as a father because he can't drive. I feel like jobs I had to get in the past year wasn't jobs I wanted because I had to make sure he had a way to and from work. We had many conversations over the years about him driving, going to driving school and me helping him how to drive. And it just, it never goes anywhere. So I did recently break up with him, but I feel like everybody's like looking at me like I'm the bad guy for doing so.


So I just kind of wanted your advice. Do you feel like I was like, I had a valid reason to break up with him or you feel like I should have stayed and worked it out? Hell yeah. You had a valid reason, girl. That's the problem. Like we, we don't, don't wait for other people to validate how you feel or don't worry about what other people is thinking about. Like if go off of how you feel, you just basically told me that you take care of your kids and their father. You understand what I'm saying? Like that's what you were doing. You're not his mom, you're his children's mom. And is there anything like medically wrong with him where he cannot drive? No Okay. It's just he, he is never learned. He blame it on his parents for not teaching him, and then he just never learned.


Okay. How old is he? 32. I'm 29. Oh, Wow. So, yeah, no, it's, it's definitely, you're definitely doing the right thing. You recently broke up with him. It is what it is. What is he saying? How did he react when you break up? When you broke up with him? Did he say, I am gonna try or You know? 'cause sometimes people need to be broke up with like the fire under they ass to do whatever you need done in a relationship. You know, because you was taking care of him. That's not what you're supposed to do. You was, you had to make sure he had a way to work and back and all that. Not saying that that falls under gender roles in a relationship. Like, all right. It's cool to help figure out. Okay, cool. But he don't even have a license. He's not trying to get one and he seems like he's comfortable in that. I don't need to drive. 'cause I never learned You're 32 grow up.


Exactly. It is what? It's And. I was telling like, I was embarrassed because we have two kids together and I'm like, you don't know how embarrassed I felt and shameful because we had to wait on my mom to like pick us up from the hospital after I had the kids like you. That should make me feel less than the man. Yeah. No, they, no, no work. Work on yourself. He need to work on his self over there until You know. He, he get it together because he, that's he's a father. Like what are you talking about? You don't drive 'cause you don't know how you're a father. Like, no. So when he pick the kids up, like he walk, No, I do everything. Like I pick them up, take them daycare, school doctor's appointment.


No, no. Stay where you at. You made the right decision. Don't worry about what nobody else think. 'cause nobody else is in your situation, so you're good. Right? Okay, thank you. No problem, boo. All righty. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now we got a salute to Hill Harper for joining us today. Al Luta Hill. Harper man, he is running for senate in Michigan. When is the primary? August 6th, right? It is August 6th. August 6th, yep. Yes. The primary is August 6th, man. So Michigan, if that's who you're supporting, that's, that's when the primary is August 6th.


That's right. So make sure you get out there and vote Michigan. All right. When we come back, we got the positive note and more so, oh, hold on. I wanna say something too. I wanna tell everybody, man, everybody in amongst corner South Carolina, August 10th. Next Saturday I'm doing my ninth annual back to school drive in fish fry. All right, so we gonna have all your backpacks, all your school supplies, free haircuts. We gonna have the jump castles out there. We gonna have food trucks out there, face painting a whole bunch of local vendors from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM at the Berkeley High School Student parking lot in Monks Corner, South Carolina. Okay. So yes. Next Saturday at the Berkeley High School Student parking lot.


My ninth annual back to school drive in fish fry. So yes, You know all the fish is free, all the food is free, and we'll have backpacks and school supplies and all of that good stuff. August 10th. Okay, so next Saturday from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM Berkeley High School Student Parking lot. All right, see y'all there. All Right. When we come back, we got the positive note and more. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. All right, it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Yes, I do have a positive note. And it's really just simple, man. It's how I live my life. If. you care about what other people think. You will always be their prisoner. Did you hear me? I said, If, you care about what other people think.


You will always be their prisoner. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there


At public.com, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Hi icons. It's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single chassen featuring Meghan Trainor out today. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chassen from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to Pres Save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


Tired of boring lunches. Picture this, you're at Chipotle ordering the same old burrito bowl. But wait. There's more excitement in store than just wok. Introducing Drop the Ultimate Rewards app. Just link your card, dine at your favorite restaurants, and you'll learn points to get free gift cards from tons of brands. It's like getting paid to eat hungry for savings. Download the Drop app now and use code Drop four four to kickstart your rewards journey with $5 in points.


Okay, round two. Name something that's not boring. Laundry. Ooh, a book club Computer Solitaire, huh? Ah, sorry. We were looking for Chumba Casino Chumba. That's right. Chumba casino.com has over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Chumba chumba casino.com. No necessary by Law 18 Plus Terms and Conditions. Apply SEA website for details.