
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. She's running a little late. Charlamagne to God. Peace To the Planet is Thursday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Jess. Hilarious. Just walked in. Boy, why? You still got your suit on? You still What? You still got had a long night. Your suit on. Had a long, great night. That's the reason why long, great night. You just getting In or something? Maybe. Why you all in my business? I'm just watching you. It's six o'clock in the morning and you got a suit on Emini here. Yes, yes. I, I I just got in a little while ago, sitting In a hotel room. Yeah. I just got in a little while ago.


Salute to everybody at Hampton University. The alumni, the students, the staff. Yesterday they honored me and my wife Gia, for the 43rd Black Family Conversations, I should say. It was, it, it was just a great show. So let me first salute Hampton University. And the reason why is they, they put this show on for me and my wife when, well, they honored us. They had the students perform spoken word and rap. And then they had the, the students, the band perform. And they had, it was just, shout to Thea Mitchum, our coach. We call her our coach. She's our boss. She actually had some, some beautiful words about me and my family when she met us, when she seen us. So many students that, that I went to, you know, that I know that I've, I mentored, came and they spoke.


It was just a dope event. Very, very, very, I cried so many times. I ain't gonna front. I ain't even gonna lie. I'm gonna cry. Yeah, You're crying because you was like, damn, I hope nobody figures me out and they realize I'm not really black. Congratulations for your Honor, though. And I am black. Congratulations, congrat. I did tear up a bunch of Times. Congratulations for your family. Just, just people talking about the family and how much inspiration that my family has on to other families and not just the good, the bad. And, and how, you know, we, we show our struggles and we show what we go through. And so many people say, yo, I understand that raising kids is not perfection. And and you don't get an instruction manual and you figure it out. And, and people have watched this, figured it out. So it was, it was a really, really dope event. So I wanna say thank you again to Dr.


Kalan. I wanna say thank you to Adi Thea for showing up. Hampton Alum Hampton University. It was a dope event. So salute. All right. Salute SLU S listen, congratulations for your Honor. Drop on a cruise bomb for the KC Crew. What they honoring black families on the curve. I just need the father to take a DNA test. Just the father, because you are Dominican. Even right now, you got on a Dominican tuxedo black jacket with the black buttoned up underneath no tie shirt unbuttoned. That's so Dominican. This is Tom Ford. Sir. I Don't care what it is. I'm just telling you. I'm just telling you what it's, I'm talking about who you are. Just tell me what it is. What Is, and, and you know, they said that in the speech. They was like, you even knew Charlamagne says he's Dominican. He's really not Dominican. I was like, Jesus, too many people.


The Breakfast Club. That sound true to me. How are you, Jess? I'm good. Good morning. Good morning. How are You? I'm blessed Black and Holly. F That's what's up. Don't be sizing me up. What? Yo, I'm not sizing you up. Yo, I'm not, it's Not hard to size you up. You're five foot two. Oh, shut up. Felicia Rashad will be here this morning. Hey, Amazing Man. We had a great conversation with her yesterday. She's making her directorial debut up on Broadway with a play called Purpose and tickets are on sale now. But man, this is Felicia Rashad we talking about ladies and gentlemen? Yes. Okay. She'll be joining us later. Do I need to say anymore? I'm so mad I missed that. I, I actually to fly to Hampton, but I'm so mad. I miss She was there before she was been on The Breakfast Club Before though. Via Zoom. During Covid. Yeah. Yes.


How's she look in person? Man, how's she look in person? Jess, she looking person. Jeff, she Looked great. She really looks great. Like, she like almost 80, right? Yeah. Something. I think she's 80 something. 80 something. No. Oh, she's 76. What? Just say 76. She looked amazing and she commands the room just for her Grace. Amazing. If Red knew her age right off the top of his head, that means she was so fine. And he looked it up in the moment. I know these young boys in here. She was so fine. He looked it up in the moment and It's hard not to look at her as Claire Huxtable. Still Emini here for me. Yeah, that's America's mom. Yes. Yes. Well, we'll be talking to her this morning. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news, Morgan, what'll be joining us and then you can get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning, envy. Congratulations again on your, thank you so much, honor. Good morning, Charlamagne. Tha God. Good morning, Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Lauren LaRosa. Good morning. Good morning, good morning. So let's get into this front page news. A federal judge is giving the Trump administration's lawyers until 12 noon today to provide more information on deportation flights under the Alien Enemies Act. That was conducted this past weekend. Now, the administration could also invoke the state's secrets doctrine that allows the government to block discourse of information if it feels it would harm national security.


US District Judge James Boasberg once answers on the timing of the flights that he ordered to be turned around on Saturday. The White House has pushed back and said that the judges, the judge, continues to beat a dead horse over the situation. Meanwhile, president Trump once again went after the judge, even after Supreme Court Justice John Roberts said, calling for the judge's impeachment was not appropriate. So the White House says the Trump administration will continue with mass deportations. Press Secretary Caroline Levitt said they will comply with court orders, but claim, you know, the judges are undermining the will of the American public. Let's hear more from White House Press Secretary Caroline Levitt. The judges in this country are acting erroneously.


We have judges who are acting as partisan activists. They're trying to dictate policy from the President of the United States. They're trying to clearly slow walk this administration's agenda. And it's unacceptable. As the President said last night, we will continue to comply with these court orders. We will continue to fight these battles in courts. So Leva said the, this is a continuation of the law affair that President Trump faced while he was also campaigning. What do you guys think? Any thoughts? I'm just glad that they're complying with the court order. You know what Emini here, that, that let you, that lets you know that, that, that seems like democracy still got a pulse. So they say, but we will see what happens with this judge and this situation as of noon today.


So switching gears to other foreign affairs, president Trump says they are very much on track to putting an end to the Ukraine and Russia war. Trump spoke with Ukrainian President, VLO Mayor Zelensky for about an hour yesterday and said it was a very good call. White House press Secretary Caroline Levitt said the call was another step forward toward ending forward to ending the war in Ukraine. Let's hear more from Levitt. The leaders agreed Ukraine and America will continue working together to bring about a real end to the war. And that lasting piece under President Trump's leadership can be achieved. The two leaders also agreed on a partial ceasefire against energy. Technical teams will meet in Saudi Arabia in the coming days to discuss broadening the ceasefire to the black sea on the way to a full ceasefire In a truth post social, a truth social post.


Trump said the call was focused on what he and Russia and President Putin talked about. So they could align both Ukraine and Russia in terms of what they're both asking for. Now, Putin and Trump agreed to a limited ceasefire yesterday, which includes halting attacks on Ukraine's energy infrastructure. Now furthermore, on that deal, the US is reportedly asking for Ukraine's largest power plant as part of the ceasefire deal with Russia, Ukraine leader Zelensky says that during this call, Trump talked about one power plant, which is under Russian occupation, the nuclear power plant. What station You had a stroke? Morgan, you okay over There?


No, I don't know. I don't speak Russian as all it. The nuclear power plant station that is the largest in Europe. But the White House said in a statement that the US is taking over the power plant or if the US would take over the power plant, that it would be the best protection and support for Ukrainian energy infrastructure. So they're less likely to attack it if the US has a hand in it, essentially. Can I ask you a question? What is, what is a little ceasefire like? We not gonna shoot on Mondays and Wednesdays. Like what is a kind of little ceasefire? Sounds crazy. No, kind of. So what they're saying right here is that it's gonna be energy infrastructure. So the other things may be off limits. You know, they might be, they might wanna attack. I don't, I don't know. I don't, I don't wanna give any ideas. But it could be water, it could be, it could be cyber, it could be something else, but energy.


I Just figured they'd just have a ceasefire. Like stop all the S Right. And let's get it together. Yeah, that sound like, let me just put the tip in. That's what it sound like. It's saying. I'm not gonna mess you up. I'm not gonna mess up none of your buildings. I'm not gonna mess up some of these things, but Oh, this over here. Oh yeah, I Do want to see, I just wanna see how much does Ukraine have to give up, you know, for a ceasefire, whether it's a little ceasefire or a big ceasefire. Like what does that deal look like for them? Right? Yeah. Well right now it's looking like their power plant that is currently under Russian occupation any anyway. But we will, I'll keep, of course, I'll keep you guys posted on every update that comes our way regarding this situation. That's your front page news for 6:00 AM Stick around for seven. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray, yo, char Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello, who's this? Hey. Good morning Envy. This is Wayne at Lost Angeles. Good morning to you, Wayne from la. What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Wake up Wayne. It's three in the morning out there. Hey, tall man.


You were next. My main man. Good morning to you brother. Peace King. Yes sir. Jeff. Hilarious. My beautiful queen. Good morning to you. Good morning, Wayne. How are you? I'm great. Lauren la my beautiful queen. Good morning to you. She's not in the room. She's not in the room, right. But Oh, That's my, her week says good morning. It's three 15. It's three 15 out here. So anyway, I just want to say I'm 70 years old. Born in 1954, breakfast Club is how I get my energy going in the morning. We not doing a good job this morning. Well, no, no, no. You'all doing a great job because yesterday I want to say, you know, was the only time I just didn't get my mojo from you guys.


And I don't want to rehash that because I know all of y'all are much better than yesterday, you know? So let's just push past that. You know what Emini here, the mo, The Breakfast Club is, is is the mojo that I need to really get me going. So keep this old man going and let me Just say something. I love y'all individually. I love y'all collectively and keep it moving. I'm out. We love you O brother. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what's good? Envy? It's Tra Man outta North Carolina. How you doing? What's up Trav? I'm gonna be in North Carolina this weekend. What's up brother? Get it off your chest. That's fire. All right, so I gotta get this off my chest And I refuse to believe what Usher is talking about, but he saying he never said cruising the streets and that's his bogging bucket.


I saw that. IW what? What did he say? He said Bro, he said, he said, he said a car on the back who's in the streets? Who bru the streets? Who's in the streets? He said, who's in the streets? In the Streets. That's, But he actually go back and listen. He actually did say who's in the street? Yeah. Emini here. That's like, that's like the Frankie Beverly before I let Go song. We all think that. He said, you make me happy. But he actually says, you made me happy. 'cause it's a breakup song. I don't know where we, I don't know where we'd be getting these words from. I thought It was Cru Cruising the Streets for years. This is something new to me. Matter. He said Cruising the streets, bro.


No, that's what we thought. He said that. Make more sense. Who's in the street actually, who's In the streets? Oh No It don't because if he, if it's seven o'clock on the die is drop top, he cruising the streets. He Could be cruising. But he also, well He also looking for, looking for People. What I Hey, looking for people Who's in the streets. Because this was before, this was before social media and phones. Well not before phones. Definitely before social media. Before phones. It might have been before phones, bro. Nah, If you on the drop top, you got a phone. If you don't like, really go back and listen to the song in the video and everything he's saying. Ooh, it's nuts. Who's in the streets? I'm Still gonna say Cru in the street. 'cause it just sound better with you in the drop top.


Yeah. Nah, because I be singing song, but I be doing like karaoke and stuff, so like, it's easier to say who's in the streets now. So yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm a, I'm, I don't know. I might get with it. Well, thank you for that information. I saw, I saw that yesterday. I didn't know I I did see that online yesterday. I might get with it. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next.


(800) 585-1051. That's Just me. I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Oh my God. Did I get through? Yes, I think so. I think this is you, boo. Oh my goodness. Oh my God. Oh my God. First of all, thank you to the God I picked up the, the phone in the first place. Thank you sir. Hi Envy. Hi Shay. Hi Jeff. Hey Boo. Oh my gosh. Okay. First I wanna say Ramadan Mubarak. It's, it's the last 10 days starting tonight. Okay. So I just wanna say Ramadan Mubarak to all my Muslim brothers and sisters. We've been fasting for this past month, well past 20 days. So I just wanna say that to everyone.


Hello to everybody in New York. I'm so happy and I'm happy to hear that Jess is there. I do appreciate you. I wanna let you know that I appreciate you. I love listening to your opinion, so please, please keep up the good work you doing there. Charlemagne Envy. You guys are great as well. Keep up the great work that you guys are doing. Envy with his DJing Charlemagne with his mental health. I love, love that you guys amplify Black voices, African voices as well. So I just appreciate you all. So just, you know, beef fac aside, you all are amazing together and let's just keep it up, you know, just for ourselves.


Yes ma'am. There is no beef positivity. We got Felicia Rashad here this morning too, by the way. Oh, that's what's up. That's up. That's the ladies from that show. You Ain't so disrespectful. You so disrespectful. That was so disrespectful. That was so disrespectful. Jesus, the lady from that show Really? The lady From that show? She was doing Great. No, no, no. Okay. That is the another beautiful actress. And she, she got many awards too, right? I don't even think, you know, I Actress. I don, I don I don't think, I don't think you know what you're talking about. You know what else was disrespectful? Eli was in here, our camera guy. Do you know this man had the nerve to say a Felicia? Yes. She called her Felicia. No way. Boy Felicia. Yeah. Like Felicia P No, her name is Felicia Rashad.


He just didn't say her. Her last name. I Supposed to say Mr. I Know her. I know her. You talking I Know Huxtable from the Cosby Show girl. Yeah, I never watched that show. That show was lies All That. How? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Are last Thing? No, how old are You? I'm 20. I'm 25. Okay. Maybe she didn't Yeah, but Felicia Rashad is from a Cosby show. She's from a number of other things too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. I just never liked the Cosby Show. It was just not that funny to me. What? Oh, Okay. It really was not though. Martin was hilarious. Jamie hilarious. Fox was hilarious. Hilarious. Wiping kids. Parkers. I think Mo we show Cosby.


I don know it was a family show. But That's she 25. That's, that's in, that's her era though. Cosby show was probably too old for you to get the, the comedy, you know, to get the humor. I don, I don Why was there? But Did you like a different world? No, She never seen that either. She, She's 25. She, Yeah, she talking about she, she's me but Martin is first gen. I about to say Martin is first generation Or really like later is second generation. Like way later. Like y'all were grown when Martin came on. I was a kid. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. And she was even smaller kid 25. Yeah, you right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. Diddy might be off the hook in like 15 of these sexual abuse cases.


The civil suits. We gonna talk about the possibility of this and what it means. All right, keep it locked. This The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D EJ and blame it on K Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne. The God We are The Breakfast Club. What are you talking about? No. 'cause you dressed like a Dominican this morning. You got a That is a Dominican. I'm not dressed like a Dominican. You got honored last night at Hampton and you still got your suit on. It's a black suit with a black shirt and all the buttons unbuttoned. That is a Dominican tuxedo. And be what You went out last night. All the buttons are down a button. Why you stick the suit on? I did. Well now the truth is, truth is I only packed one outfit, which was the outfit I wore yesterday.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand Up to All Hate on Instagram and TikTok and the suit.


So I gotta wear the suit. Not all the way with it. What did you say off ahead Jess? I was joking. No, I was joking. You said y'all was role playing last night. You was playing Barack and Gia was playing Michelle. That's what you said. Oh my God, I was joking. That's that's makes, see Playdoh And Barack is also black and white. You Dominican and white. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face out man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and she be having the latest on the Lord the latest with Lauren La Rosa. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club?


Talk, talk to me. Alrighty. So Diddy, the attorney, attorney Busby, who filed all of those civil cases against him. Those the sexual assault, assault related civil cases has is being removed from at least 15 of those cases. So we had talked about in here, attor attorney Tony Busby having to apply for admission, which is like asking the court for permission to practice within a certain jurisdiction. This jurisdiction is the southern district of New York. That's where all the D's like case situations are happening right now. Because he did not do so properly, he was denied. This is like just some backstory. So now because he has all these other cases that he's been, you know, they've been moving and actively working within, he is not gonna be able to practice within those cases.


What will happen is there will be a local attorney who's already, you know, in the jurisdiction that will continue on with the cases. So the cases are not dropped as of now, but Tony Busby is not on the cases. This, if I'm Diddy's attorney is a very big, ooh, hey this is happening judge, come look over here. Because they can try and argue that, you know, tech like they're, they're on a technicality. You know, he violated the rules. Like yeah. So why are we even still here? Why are we having conversations regardless we can replace the attorney. His, his rights were not honored by this attorney not moving the way he was supposed to move. So, so can This be thrown out like completely? I think you could definitely ask, it's up to a judge to determine whether this other attorney had anything to do with what did or didn't happen before Busby was practicing within these cases.


But I would definitely ask, that would be the first thing I would do. Hand out like, yo, what's up? Yeah, it's not enough though that, that man Well, the judge I was gonna say, oh, will the judge say, hey, the clients didn't know the client just hired an attorney and the attorney effed up so they can move on to a different attorney. Right Man that, that can actually practice in that part of New York. That's what They've already done That too. But that attorney had to know he wasn't able to practice in New York City when he filed those cases. And the judicial system shouldn't have accepted him. Shouldn't the judicial system have to have some responsibility to know that this guy The what system? The what system? Judicial. What system is that? What'd I say? Say slow. It is the list judicial when you slowed it Down. We got It. I don't even wanna talk to y Say it one more time. It it more time try jujitsu. What isu I'm the G unit system shouldn't have accepted him.


Right. But they should, they should be checks and balances, right? Yeah. Yeah. But I think within those checks and balances, there is a certain act of just good faith. If you're an attorney that you know, you know what to do. This is a very minute, like a very beginner mistake. I I really don't understand how this happened. I keep saying that because he's been practicing law for a very long time. So I think And let, and let the record show Anthony didn't care that, you know, he couldn't practice law because all he was trying to do was get somebody to settle. That's literally all this was. Exactly, exactly. Lemme lemme throw all of these cases out there and get this, get this person to settle. He don't even care that he couldn't, he didn't think he was going to trial. Nope. Yep. Like Shalam said, he just thought they were going to tap out and just, that's it. Speak to the side. He didn't think they were going to trial. Yeah. Well in other, I guess puff related news, did he related news?


There is a, there's a report out right now, remember that, that the, the song that we listen to that Northwest is on. Yeah. And Diddy opens up the song. So there are reports right now that Puff is saying that like he didn't, Diddy saying he didn't know that he was being recorded during that. And he's kind of like a catalyst in this whole like back and forth with Kim and Kanye and like, basically like, I got enough going on. Why would you even throw me in this Kanye? But I think at this point right now, anything Kanye, like if you, if you're talking to Kanye on the phone, if you're whatever you gotta know, like there's gonna be something. Why would You trust a conversation with him anyway? He has a lot going on. And I don't know if, you know, again that's reported. It's not like a direct statement from Puffs team or anything like that. But when I saw that I'm like, well Emini here. Kanye has a lot going on right now, but maybe Diddy doesn't know because he's behind bars.


No, he know everything. I think he's very well connected, staying connected, you know, 'cause he know when stuff come out about him. So I know he got people telling him or he probably has a phone in there, a tablet, something where he's keeping up. Yeah. 'cause that car leaked and it was like Puff, you know, telling Kanye like, get back in the studio, do the music, whatever, whatever. So maybe he thought it was a private conversation and then, you know, also Kanye News right now Charlamagne, you all right What You hate when we talk about Kanye. I I be, This is wild and crazy though. Yeah. So wait, the Jay-Z stuff? Yes. Okay. Yes. So yesterday we didn't get a chance to get to this, but I'm bringing this back around because there are reports that, because Kanye got online and tweeted about Jay-Z's kids and you know, calling them the R word.


Kim at this point is starting to take action legally to really make sure she has her full custody situation put together so that she can kind of like, you know, better, I don't wanna say better, but she, she just has a lot more levy and say so when it comes to her kids and how they deal with Kanye, reportedly that Jay-Z situation was the last straw for her. I do know this morning there was also a story that came out. TMZ did a story about how I guess Northwest was visiting Kanye and Andrew Tate and some other people were headed to the house. So Kim abruptly ended that visit because she's like, I don't want my, my kids and my daughter around Andrew Tate. So I'm coming over be my baby. I don't know what's going on with Kanye.


Y'all like, he's yesterday he posted these videos as well. And I'm like, this is giving manic episode. Like I don't, I don't be like to give him that like, oh my God, he's going crazy. But yesterday was, I was like, wow, what does Happen? Well when does it stop? He doesn't have any friends around him. He doesn't have anything around him. 'cause when you start talking about people's kids, you're probably gonna get fired, slapped out your ass. Right? You shouldn't be talking about people's kids. He doesn't have a manager, a team, a publicist, a friend, anybody around him, a cousin, a uncle, nobody around him. Your bro. Enough. Enough is, I was gonna say, is this crash out or is this normal Kanye now? Like, is that this point? Normal Kanye, what surprises? I think it's normal about anything that he does. I don't, I don't know talking About people kids though. That seems like it's is because he's, I definitely understand, but yeah, because Nothing else is working.


So he wants attention and we're giving him what he wants attention. And when he doesn't get the attention he wants, he just says crazy and crazy and stuff. He's a boring person. And it's sad that a man who has displayed the type of artistic genius that Kanye has, has been reduced to an internet troll who sends out mean tweets for attention. Yeah. Nothing else is working. Nope. But what can get our attention? Beyonce and Jay-Z. Yeah. And the kid that we never see. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's like, that's weird. That's weird. Why would you? It's a baby Emini here. These are babies too. They talking about. Yeah, but we Ignore Kanye until he releases his own sex tape. 'cause I promise you that if we stop giving him attention, he's gonna get very desperate and he's gonna put out his own sex tape and it's gonna be him and him on the sex tape.


He'll be on this side of mine and himself. Have You thought about Yes I have in your mind? Yes I have. We went. We just got there. Yes, I Have. I've thought about this. I've thought about if we ignore him and we starve him out, he's going to get to the point where he's gonna get so desperate where he's gonna release his own sex tape and it's just gonna be him on there by himself trying to suck his own peepee. Well it's very graphic. You've had this dream, you have put this together. You are the creative director of this. We glad to know you be like, why we still talking about him? Why he on your minds? We glad to know how he be on your mind. It's Be called peasy. Peasy sex tape coming soon. Giving Yeah. Easy. That's what you giving over there. What is happening? No one ever would think about that, but, okay.


And wrapping this up, I do wanna mention though that the, when I said Andrew Tate, Andrew and Tristan, Tristan Tate are these two brothers who were in trouble in Romania and they have like rape allegations on there. Like it's a whole thing. So Kim didn't just go get her kid because a man named Andrew showed up. There's a whole thing with Andrew and Tristan Tate. For those who don't know who they are, Kanye Gonna beat to himself. Watch when that sex tape dropping just him shut him on this side of himself, he gonna accuse himself of it. Well, God, Kim. Is Kim handling it in the court so he can take it there. All right, well that's the latest with Lauren. Thank you Lauren. Thank You. Alright, when we come back, we got front page news and then Felicia Rashad will be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up.


Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Yes, good morning, let's get into it. So also in foreign affairs is really ground troops are back in Gaza. This comes a day after is Israel broke a two month ceasefire with extensive airstrikes that have killed hundreds. Israeli defense forces said on Wednesday that a targeted ground operation was focusing on the central and Southern Gaza Strip. A Gaza Health Ministry says the airstrikes have killed at least 400 people. Now, former state department advisor Aaron David Miller, says this is not good news for the ceasefire agreement that went into effect almost two months ago.


Let's hear more from Aaron. David Miller on Gaza. The most likely scenario in fits and starts will be a resumption Israel's resumption of the war against Tamma and Gaza. The Israelis, I think on one hand you could argue they're pressuring Hamas on the other. I think this is a prelude to the inevitable reality that there's not going to be a phase two negotiation. So Hamas issued a statement saying, Israel's ground incursion constitutes a dangerous violation of the signed ceasefire agreement. Israel's military says the, it's conducting extensive strikes against Hamas targets in Gaza. So to Aaron, David Miller's point on phase two negotiation saying that there probably will not be a phase two negotiation.


Well that leaves to, that leaves the question as to, well what happens if the only other option is war? So I will keep you posted as to what happens and what takes place in regards to those tensions. Over in, in, in the Middle East elsewhere, a Republican senator says her fellow GOP colleagues are worried to speak out against the Trump administration and Elon Musk because they're scared or fear they'll be taken down. Alaska lawmaker, Lisa Murkowski told reporters that Republican lawmakers, senators specifically are afraid of the attacks. She and others who have spoken in opposition to Trump have faced. She said, that's why you've got everybody just zipped lipped.


Not saying a word because they're afraid they're going to be taken down, they're going to be primaried, they're going to be given names in the media. What do you guys think about that? I wonder if the Republican senator is realize they have the power. You know, yes, Elon is the richest man in The World, but he's not an elected official. So there still is this thing called the Constitution in Congress that, you know, Elon and Trump still have to abide by and go through. So, you know, you keep Elon honest by keeping President Trump honest. The senators have to speak out. That's their duty. I don't care if you a Republican Senator, Democrat, senator, you are there to keep the president, you know, on the straight and narrow. So if you keep the president on the straight and narrow everybody around him, gotta stay on the straight and narrow too. So just abide by it. The laws that are in place, there are laws that are in place for you to do that Period.


Alright, switching gears again. The Federal Reserve is holding interest rates steady despite some signs that the economy could be slowing. Chair, federal Reserve Chair, Jerome Powell said the Fed is focusing on achieving maximum employment and stable prices. The decision is in line with market expectations and is the, and it's, it's the second time the Fed has paused rates, rate cuts since January. Let's hear more from Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell on his review of the economic outlook. The economy is strong overall and has made significant progress toward our goals over the past two years. Labor market conditions are solid and inflation has moved closer to our 2% longer run goal. Recent indications, however, point to a moderation in consumer spending following the rapid growth seen over the second half of 2024.


Surveys of households and businesses Point to heightened uncertainty about the economic outlook. I'm gonna tell you something, I'm just thinking just now. I bet every now and then Trump looks at the name Jerome Powell and wants him fired simply because the name sounds black. That, that, that name sounds thinking, it sounds like DEI. Jerome Powell. Don't sound like J don't don't sound black. Jerome Powell. But I would say groceries are definitely high. Groceries are are high. And they say in LA particularly that gas prices are through the Roof. I've noticed that some things are higher than definitely gas. Yeah, because I pay attention to gas is high. Higher. Yeah, but not, but see I traveled, so like in Atlanta last week, you know what Emini here, of course I had my rental or whatever.


Yeah. I noticed gas prices are higher, but groceries, I know they're higher, but I really, really need 'em. So I just, I don't really Just say, I just get 'em. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. I can't remember the last time. I haven't said damn. You know what I'm saying? Like, so, so it's just like, I like when you say, are they higher now? It's just like, I feel like I've been saying damn for the last, you know, decade. But I also got four kids. So you know, whole Full period is higher. Exactly. Emini here. Exactly. Like DoorDash, like Uber Eats, like all of that stuff. Exactly. I just ordered just one thing for me from Chick-fil-A last week and that's like almost $50. See what I'm saying? And think about, that's why I said it's six of us in the house. So you ordered something from Uber Eats, you look at you like, god damn, how much stuff Cost? I noticed that.


More than the groceries for sure. Alright, so that's your front page news. You guys can follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank you guys so much. All right. Morgan, Paige, Morgan, All. When we come back, Felicia Rashad will be joining us. America's mom, actress. How many awards does she win? Does she, has she won a, a Emmy And I don't know what she's won. I just know that she's a cultural icon and she has been a pillar of black representation for a long, long, long, long, long, long time. You know what Emini here, she's a, she's a staple in the black community. So Felicia Rashad, I don't know what to tell you.


That's right. We're gonna talk to her next. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. We got a special guest in the Building. We have a woman who has represented, you know, black people, especially black women, correctly, forever. Miss Felicia Rashad is here. How are you, queen? I'm good. Good to see you. Thank you. And, and you're here for Emini here. We gonna talk to you about a lot of stuff. But you're making your Broadway directorial debut and purpose. Yes. How did that feel? Well, it was wonderful. This is the first time I'm directing in a Broadway theater.


But this play and this cast, it's a real gift. I hope you'll come and see. Yes. Yeah. Yes ma'am. I hope you'll come and see Brandon Jacobs Jenkins is the playwright. He received the Tony Award last year for his play appropriate. And this particular production originates it Chicago at the Steppenwolf Theater. And the Steppenwolf has its own ethos, its own legacy for theater as it was formed by actors. So it's ensemble work and that's the best work, you know? Absolutely. Ensemble work. But then that spirit, I, I watched it move through the cast into everybody, the designers, the production office and staff, the theater staff, everybody.


It's one. We call it collective intention. Yeah. When I think about the things that you and your, your, your sister have done, miss Debbie Allen. You know, I, I just wonder what did y'all dream of when y'all was kids, when y'all was just two little girls growing up. Like what did y'all play about? What did y'all think about, what did y'all imagine? We grew up in Houston, Texas. Our father, Dr. Andrew a Allen's a dentist. Our mother Vivian Ayers is a poet. We grew up with a poet. We grew up with a visionary. And it was about freedom. It was about realizing your full potential as a human being. Can you imagine things like this teaching dual children like this?


She would teach us things like she'd have aphorisms and she'd give them to us to say, the universe bears no ill, to me, I bear no ill to it. And we repeat that. The universe bears no ill, to me, I bear no ill to it. We just go around the universe. Bears no ill, to me, I bear when you teach a child like this, be true, be beautiful, be free. She would say things like this to us. We grew up to be fearless, but not to be stupid. Expound on that Fearless but not stupid. Well Emini here, look, if you see a rattlesnake in front of you, come on. That's right. That's right. Don't be stupid. That's right. That's right. That's right. If you see a car coming your way, don't be stupid.


Absolutely. What was your mother's upbringing like? Because she seems like she was so still and so short of herself. And I'm sure she had, you know, experienced a lot. My mother grew up in Chester, South Carolina A I'm from South Carolina. Oh, What Part? I was born in Charleston, raised in a small town called Monks Corner. Oh, You the people? Yep. Okay. Gee, Gullah. Beautiful people. Okay, so it was a small mill town. Her father was a blacksmith. One of his brothers was a mortician and the other brother was a barber. And these businesses had been owned by her grandfather. It was an agricultural community. Right. But there was a school there that had been founded by the presbytery.


There was such a number of such schools, pardon me, that had been founded by the presbytery for the descendants of freed African people throughout the south. This school was Brainerd Institute. And in this school there was this classical education administered by black people. My mother was always interested in music. Oh, she was quite the pianist. She's described herself to me once as saying she was a little girl, swinging high on the swing, looking up at the sky and dreaming. Big dream. That's how she grew. Her mother passed away when my mother was nine. She lost her mother. And she said as she sat at her mother's funeral and listened to the things that people were saying, she decided none of them were intelligent enough to tell her anything to do.


She would chart her own course at nine Mm At Nine. At nine. And she did. It was not an easy life, but there was this spirit living in her, burning in her that carried her through. Her first publication is Spice of Dawns. This is a collection of poems. Her second publication Hawk, if you read Hawk, you will understand how I grew. This is an inner journey. This is an allegory of freedom, which parallels flight through space without a vehicle. It was published 11 weeks before the launch of Sputnik one. Mm. Wow. What, what'd you learn from your, your father?


'cause you said he was a dentist. So, Oh, my father, my father was born on the back porch of a farm in Lovedale, Louisiana. He was one of nine children. His father worked on the railroad. He was a fireman on the South Pacific Railroad. And his mother, you know, was housekeeping. Right? My grandfather put great emphasis on education and he made sure that all of his children went to college. Imagine it, Especially in that time. Imagine it. So my father was a very kind and generous man. He was what was called a man's man. Mm. Men loved him and trusted him.


He was always the treasurer of the Dental Association because they said if Tex takes care of the money, we, we are in good shape. He was organized, he was very clean. He loved music, he loved theater, he loved the arts. He came to see any and everything we did, whatever it was. He was very supportive. He was so handsome. He did things that people didn't know he did. He was like that. And in his office, he dealt with people's pain and anxiety every day. And they came to him and trusted him. And when they couldn't pay, he'd work out a payment plan for them that was convenient for them.


They didn't have to go anywhere and incur interest rates. He would work that out for him. When my father passed away at his viewing, the line stretched out of the mortuary. Wow. All the way down the street. Wow. All the way around the block. And when the last person came, he said, he looked at him, he said, you don't understand, that's my dentist. And that motorcade, as I remember that motorcade on the way to the cemetery, stretched as far as the eye could see. He was so beloved. That's why I asked. Just because you know, when you look, like I said, you know, you, we look at Felicia Rashad and Debbie Allen, two strong queens.


Somebody had to raise them. Somebody had to instill that in them. And as a father of raising four beautiful black girls, you know, I'm just always thinking about, you know, what should me and my wife be instilling in them all the time? Just so they grow up to be strong black women When you love them. That's what my mom says all the time. Just Love them when you love them. That's all. If I can remember one great instruction, my father gave me two great instructions And I was a little girl. He said, never let anybody run over you. I was five years old when he told me that. Never let anyone run over you. And then later on in life, he said, always know the balance of your bank account and keep your own money. Yeah. All right. We have more with Felicia Rasha when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ, JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. We're still kicking it with Felicia. Rashad Jess. Hilarious. What can you tell us about the story without spoiling it, but what can you tell us about the story of purpose? Oh, this is wonderful. Family, family drama. Oh, and there's humor in it. A young man is recalling a visit to his home. And on this night of nights, so much happens in one night and so much is revealed in one night and some things are resolved. That's all I'm gonna tell you. Oh Yeah.


Okay. Except to tell you that cast Harry Lennox, Latonya Richardson, Jackson, Glen Davis, Alana Arena, and John Michael Hill. It's the most incredible ensemble that I've ever witnessed. Each one is a master and the inimitable, Kara Young, who was Luie Bell in Pearly Victoria last season. That's her cast. People come at the end of the play and have various reactions. One woman said, Ooh, that scene at the dining room table, woo. That was my family's Thanksgiving for the past five. Relatable. Right. And she was not an African American woman. Wow. People see themselves and that's when we know we are really doing our best work.


Yeah. When you see yourself, I was gonna say, speaking of doing your best work, I think, you know, for a lot of us in watching you on television, the iconic role of Claire Huxtable and just what that image of, you know, having a mom that was just so graceful and so like everything that you were in that show do you like in real life, is there ever pressure or was there at the time for you to like upkeep? Like a a certain like, I don't know, like a image or like just anything that people tried to in my house? No, like so not in your house, but like in real life, like in Hollywood and other roles you were taking and like, you know what Emini here, like did you ever feel like, 'cause I think for us, like you are like the perfect like image of like black woman.


Like, so I always wondered if you felt that pressure. No light is not heavy. Mm. Carry light. She light. Light is not heavy. Even in interviews back then, you would still have the same deposition, the same grace, you know, outside of that role. I'm gonna tell you the one that sticks with me. When you told Sandra's boyfriend Elvin Alvin, that is iconic. Would you and Dr. Huxtable like some coffee? Coffee? Yeah. Coffee. You Mean you are gonna get it? Yes. You're surprised. I'm sorry Mrs. Huxtable, I didn't think you did that kind of thing. What kinda thing, you know, Serve, Serve whom Serve him As in serve your man?


Well, yeah, lemme tell you something, Elvin, you see I'm not serving Dr. Huxtable. Okay. Okay. That's the kind of thing that goes on in a restaurant. Now I'm gonna bring him a cup of coffee just like he brought me a cup of coffee this morning. And that young man is what marriage is made of. It is give and take 50 50. And if you don't get it together and drop these macho attitudes, you are never gonna have anybody bringing you anything, anywhere, any place, anytime, ever. And then when Vanessa wanted to go to Baltimore, where I'm from, you see the wretched Lying on the floor of some burning building, dying of asphyxia. And you are down in Baltimore, Marilyn, with the wretched to have big fun, weren't you Vanessa?


Isn't that where you were? Didn't you go down there to Baltimore and have big fun? Vanessa, tell me, didn't you go for big fun? Mom, shut up. Don't you dare open your mouth when I'm asking you a question. Oh my God. When I tell you those are my two like key episodes, right? Well yeah, because I'm from Baltimore And I done snuck out the house And I, you know, I done done all that. You ain't knocked Vanessa out. I got knocked out a few times, but, well she almost did, but hit Cliff held her back. Well, yes, yes. Right, right. How do you now nowadays like, 'cause Emini here, you obviously pick and choose what you wanna do, what your roles like. I watched you and dire from Detroit And I, I like the one scene we y'all in the car and you were talking about the temptation.


Oh,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is. State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate, even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate. Or show your support by posting the Blue Square emoji and using the hashtag, staying Up To All Hate On Instagram and TikTok,


check Out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music. All featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norbit and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free.


The Black Collective on Pluto tv. Scream Now Pay Neville that she slept with The Temptations. Yes, all of 'em. She said, I'm gonna tell you right now, I felt bad watching that. I'm like, I don't think I was supposed to hear her say something. I thought That was a ai. That was a cat. Say that. You know what's so funny though? The first time I, I saw the clips, they didn't tell me it was from a TV show. Thought what the police, what He thought that you were up here like really reflecting on your life. I said, Damn shit slept. Claire Hox was slept with all the temptations. No, no, no. That was a character darling. That was a character. As actors, we play these roles. When you choose a character like that where it's like, it's a lot different than how we've seen you or how I've seen you anyway, and different things that you've done, what's your thinking behind it?


Is it because you wanna, you want people to see you in the different lights or is it just, I just wanna do it? Did you see what she was doing? Yes. I, yes. That's why I chose the character because of what she was doing. Yeah. So people get all caught up in funny stuff. Yeah. What was that woman doing? She Was rescuing people. Yeah, She was rescuing people. She was living with the deepest hurt that a mother can have. That she lost her child because she was not paying attention. And in her heart she felt that her child was alive somewhere. And this is years later, right? But just in the moment of being too tired and too annoyed and too distracted and wanting to do something else, she turned away and in that instant, her child was taken from her.


Hmm. And so she said about saving people, she went on saving people, hoping one day somebody would save her son. So I choose people 'cause I choose a character 'cause of what people are doing. Yeah. Got you. I wanna go back to something Jess said, Emini here. She brought up the, the, the, the, the Elvin scene. Right? Because that was a, a role when, well, when you schooled Elvin on I guess the marital, the marital role, how much input did you have on that scene and what were you trying to convey when you saw it on paper? What did you say to yourself? Oh, I know what I can do in this scene to convey a larger message. Oh, I didn't say anything. I just said the scene. I just said the line. Oh, so it was just as is. It was there. Oh wow. It was there, but it was the way you deliver it.


Mm. You Know, you was like battle rapping. What? Right. It Was so good. I thought it Was improv was, you Know, it was, this is, this is a part of your training as an actor language and how you use it and there's rhythm and there's pace and so much is conveyed in that way. If you said it another way, it wouldn't be as effective. Yeah. You try to say it like you was singing the laze even with No, it wouldn't work. No, it wouldn't hit like Black Mama. No, it wouldn't. What were the writers' rooms like though? Because it felt like a black experience. Were they black writers, white writers, Emini here. What were those writers' rooms like?


A Combination. Okay. The thing was to write a human story. To write about human behavior. The truth of human behavior. Yeah. That's what makes comedy and theater real. The truth of human behavior. You don't have to make something up if you're writing about something that's real. You can take a different perspective on it and your skills as a writer, you know, show up in your language or your, you know, those things that writers do. Yeah. What do you do to channel roles? Like your role in Fall from Grace, like when you're the villain, what do you do to channel those roles?


Everybody's a human being, right? Yeah. She's just a nasty human being. She's nasty. This is a person who is sick. Her whole perspective is warped. You've got to be sick to mistreat another person. Yes. I'm sorry. You cannot be sane and do hurtful things to people. You just, a sane person won't do that. Do you agree? A hundred percent. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. That's why they, one of the four agreements is, you know, don't, don't take offense to things. Don't take things personal because what you do, what somebody does to you is not a reflection of you. It's something that's going on internally with them. With them. It's hard to, you know, to put yourself in that position.


But you really gotta know that. Yeah. Sometimes you wanna just clutch somebody. That's right. Hmm. Shake 'em real Good. My daddy used to say, you'll stop taking everything personal. Personal. Once you realize that it's a bunch of people out here on cocaine. Whoa. It's kind true what he's saying. It's kind of true. It's like People out here doing all types of stuff that you have no idea about. All right. We have more with Felicia Rashad when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's E EJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with America's mom. Felicia Rashad. Lauren. I was gonna say your time at at Howard. I'm A-H-B-C-U grad. I went to Delaware State. Have you Ever heard of it? Yes. Wow. Crazy. Get 'em together please.


Thank you. Next. Exactly right. I wonder like for you, what was like one of your favorite things about walking on campus every day with those students? As a dean? Hmm. Walking on campus, everywhere I looked, I was reminded of my time there as a student. Mm. And I was reminded of my friends And I was reminded of the things that we did and the time in which we were living as students. It was an important time. Dr. King was assassinated in my sophomore year. Wow. Yeah. I watched these things happen. So much unfolded on that campus. I remember when Muhammad Ali came and spoke on the steps of Frederick Douglas Hall And I remember him standing there and he said, look at me.


Can't you see that I'm free? And you could. So there was a time, you know, I was just referencing back to my father's area, dentistry. There was a time when African Americans were trained, could be trained at Harvard, but they wouldn't hire them to teach. Mm. So these people who were trained in these great quote, great institutions, went to HBCUs to teach. Mm. You were receiving that education there, that discipline, those demands. They were serious about. Were You, when you, when you decided not to return back to Howard, did you feel like you didn't return because your work was done there? Or was it just like a personal decision?


'cause like business reasons, like I just feel like people like you was like, we need you on campuses every day. But I know it's, it's probably, it's a lot to do all at once. But like what was that like for you? That decision not to go back? Well, I will always be connected. I'll always be connected to Howard University. As a matter of fact, next week I will be in Washington DC for the one night only reading of Chadwick a Bozeman's deep Azure. Mm. He wrote, he wrote that. Right? He wrote that. So he was one of my students early, early on. Wow. When Freeman Jr. Invited me to come and teach for a semester. So we were in the studio doing the show Monday through Thursday and Friday morning I'd get up and fly down and I'd teach and he was one of my students.


Kelechi, Susan Kelechi Watson was one of the students. Camilla Forbes, one of the students. Wow. He was, he was fearless. He was brave. South Carolina, South Carolina Anderson. And he was also very respectful. This is why I say as a people, we are respectful people. Yeah. We are naturally, you know. So anyway, he kept in contact with me and after he had graduated one day I received this call, I'm sending you something, Ms. Rashad, he would always call me that. Sending you something. Ms. Rashad, even after he had attained fame and notoriety, he still called me Miss Rashan always.


So I said okay. And what he sent was a copy of this script that he had written. Hiphop theater was born on the campus of Howard University and he was one of the progenitors. Mm. He was one of the innovators. Hiphop language and rhythm through the voice and experience of a classically trained actor. It is grand. Wow. The, I had a question about the deep Azure. Yeah. So the proceeds from the one night only are going back to the College of Fine Arts at Howard Bosman College Arts. Yes. What, like today, if Chadwick could see kind of like, you know, how the final product has come along and everybody that's involved you, like, what would his sentiments be like?


How happy would he be to see all of this coming to fruition from that first phone call that you guys had about it? I'll tell you, his wife is very happy and his producing partner who was his best friend in college, they're very happy. Mm. And I'm very happy. Yeah. Because it's happening. God, we're so honored. We're so honored. And our honorary host committee, Emini here, you know who's on that? So the honorary host committee, Ryan Coogler is the honorary chair. Wow. Common. Susan Kalichi Watson, Don Cheadle, tan c Coates. Tahi, I'm sorry, Tahi Coates, Camilla Forbes, Reginald Hulin, Kenny Leon and Terrell. Alvin Maccray.


That's Like the black Avenger. Yes. Right. That's a whole nother universe. Right. It's all to support his legacy. Yeah. To support his legacy. Chadwick was, he was really amazing. Chadwick was a, an actor. Yes. Chadwick was a writer. Chadwick was a director. Chadwick was a scholar. He studied many things, the etymology of words. He was deep into that, into names in the meanings of them. He studied the Bible, not to Bible thump, but to understand its origins really. And its deeper meanings. And then he combined all of that with, you know, I hate to say it like this, but I'll say it like this, with African cosmology.


Why do I hate to say it like that? Because Africa's a huge continent and it is not a monolithic proposition. Right, right. But there is a certain ethos that runs through all. He was Brilliant, very, There was nobody else to play B Black Panther, but Chadwick. And you know, he, what he really cared about, he called me one day and this was after graduation, he was living in New York and he was so excited and he wanted me to know what he was doing and to come and see. And I was thinking, okay, now let's see what premier is this? What film is this? What play is this? It was none of that. He was working with young people in the Schaumburg Library and he was so excited about that.


Wow. Yes. Amazing. That's who he was. You've been so gracious with your time. So I, I just got a couple more questions. What, what's a lesson you learned way too late in life that you wish you figured out sooner and you would teach to the next generation? Was that I'm enough as a young girl growing up, you know, and young girls go through this, you'll know. Yeah. You go through a period where you feel like, and it's because you're looking outside yourself. You compare yourself to everyone else. You see. And you're not enough because you don't dress like that one or you don't have hair like that one. Or you don't have legs like that one. You can think of any number of things young girls go through.


This kind of thing usually happens around adolescence where you feel like you're not enough. Part of that had to do with my mother being so beautiful, my father being so handsome, my sister being so cute, my brother being so whatever. And I just thought, well, when I was born the Lord was doing something else. So when did you get to that place of worthy? When did I get to that place? Yeah. I think I was about 34, 35 years old. Wow. And now I look back at those pictures of myself And I say, why'd you feel like that? Yes. Yeah. The mind. That's why it's important to teach young people to look inside the mind, the state of mind.


And there's too much going on right now that's so distracting for them. I don't know how young people feel if they listen to news reports today. It they, they can't feel empowered, feel hopeless. It's not meant to do that for us. Yeah. For anybody. Well, thank you. Not just for the interview, but for your career of things. Thank you. Just thank you for being you Mr. Thank you. You know, I, it is not every day you get to meet people that you, you know, you, you grew up on and watched and you know, said to yourself, man, that person right there is a pillar of our community and what we need to be as a people. And then you meet 'em and you're just as gracious and regal in person. So yeah. Thank you. Thank you to your mother and your father for raising such a beautiful, strong woman.


Thank you. And I hope I can do the same for my daughters. I think you are. I think when they look at you, they know that they're loved and they're protected. That's all they need. Absolutely. Make sure y'all go check out purpose. It's running through on Broadway through July 6th. It is Queen Felicia Rashad, thank you for joining us. Yes ma'am. Thank you. Absolutely. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The latest with Lauren is up next morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fat Off. She gets them from somebody that knows Somebody, some she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on good lord the latest when Lauren la sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details.


Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me Guys. Wendy Williams is not going to be moved to a less restrictive living situation yet that story that came out in the sun the other day I had been told is not true. It's actually just very premature. So there's parts of it that's premature. There's parts of it that's not true at all. So I'm here And I wanna clarify for us. So we reported that Wendy Williams was going to be moved to a less restrictive living situation. There are other reports out right now that it's actually like a luxury condo somewhere. That that request hasn't even been put on paper to a judge yet.


So Who lied to the son? I'm not for sure. Okay. They say a source, but I'm not for sure who, but I just know that it's not true. So what actually happened was when Wendy was in court on Monday, there was a oral request. Someone just said in court to the judge, Hey, we wanna make sure that she lives somewhere less restrictive. The judge said, okay, you gotta file that now. So they are putting it on paperwork and once they put it on paperwork then it'll be given via paper to the judge. But question ain't the place she at Now if if, if they choose to be less restrictive, they can be less restrictive. Yes. I think the first step is just getting the okay for less restrictions and then you figure out the living and where and all that stuff. Right. The second thing was that the guardianship termination, I just wanted to give an update there because I think when people heard the less restrictions, they automatically assumed the guardianship was completely terminated.


Right. That has not happened yet either. They did put that on paper already and that was given to a judge. But this was the part that was premature about these reports because although that was given to a judge as a request, there's no backup information given yet. Like they still gotta submit the medical records. Some of the testing that Wendy gonna do, they gotta prove it to this judge. So right now, as where we stand, nothing has happened yet. I Wonder if the facility she's in now has really loosened the restrictions. Are they just doing that because of all of the media attention that's on Wendy right now. Probably from the media attention, but I didn't even know the Sun Magazine or Sun, whatever still exists. I haven't heard that name in a long Time. Yeah, no, the sun be, they be dropping stories still. They yeah, they around because Even when we, we saw her Monday night at at dinner, she, she said that she was only able to go out because her niece was in town.


Yeah. That, that's why I asked them like how was she even able to go out Because Alex was in town. Yep. Okay. Okay. And 'cause they had been saying she could like see her family and stuff like that. So they putting it to the test right now. So That's literally only with family. She can only go and then is it like, but so many yards away from the facility that she can go or what is the That I know of it. I, I don't, I I don't know that answer. I'm Gonna tell You I don funny, you know Wendy got two wigs right now. Right. And I looked at Lauren And I said, well maybe you can, you know, get a wig like that. Wendy was like, no, no, that's, that's when I knew she had all this Why you sitting here lying? That's when I knew she had all this. That's when I knew Not her capacity test was my lace. That's When, that's why you lying.


Because what actually happened was he said something about my wig. Wendy said, oh my god, that's a wig. I didn't even know that that was a wig. And Alex said it as well too. That's when I started to call a conservative shit and say, you know what, come Get her Right. I said Girl, Girl from the scout. Period. Period You have that one on. Yes. Period. You know I haven't took off Mahogany Brown since I got her but we about to do a little switch. Yeah, I Love it. I love it. It's Nice. Who is she? This is Pam. Pam. Ooh I can see that. Thank You. Capital P. Yeah, all you can that, so on other news, Amman and t Amman s she and Tiana Taylor News. So there is an update here. So Amman Shumpert has responded now, well his attorney has responded to Tiana Taylor's saying that, you know, Amman leaked wrong information or incorrect information to news outlets to promote music and other things.


So his attorney Steven Steel, said in a statement to TMZ sports that he vehemently, Vehemently, let me say it. Come on. I never thought I'd see the day where I helped you with a wordhe. He Strongly, Where is it girl? Sorry man. Y'all should just picked up up the source and find another word. See, just got another word. He strongly Go ahead vehemently. I don't think that's right. All right. I just thought if I said it, he Strongly Thehe Lee. I know him. He comfortable last name Jones Ishe Lee Jones. Just say vehemently. I'm gonna say vehement Lee's cousin. He strongly denies that the allegations that Tiana has claimed in that ci In the document that she filed recently, he says that he, he didn't do it, that he would not release anything when it comes to anything because that was the way that he was instructed.


He was instructed to be quiet about this and that's exactly what he's doing. Now y'all know that Tiana has been clearing things up. She went online yesterday and posted a video because she wanted to address the lies or the, what she's claiming are lies herself. She got a nice short haircut too. Scared me for a second. I thought that was Jessica. Yes. Just going off again. I know. That Is so cool. At The top. Yes, it look good. Yeah. I always love T hair That say I Said that I, I won this luxury tour bus. I won a luxury sprinter. I won a luxury the Maybach And I won a a Jeep Gladiator. I bought those. I paid for those. Trust me, I've seen a lot of women in the comments be excited for me and say, yeah girl, as you should.


No it's not. No as you should because I didn't, I walked away with what was mine. I came in with my own properties. He came in with his own properties. It's about four properties that both me and Eon put time construction money. Hundreds of thousands of dollars into our properties. We have four of those. He got two of those And I got two of those. I'm not here to talk about any of our personal business. I'm here to talk about exactly what is on the internet that is making me look like I'm some type of villain. And she then went into how she, she actually reached out to Iman and asked him to come out and make a statement sooner. Let's like listen to that. Of course a person is willing to leak some that make them look like a victim. And I'm literally going to my ex-husband, keep in mind me and Iman on good terms.


I didn't even know we was beefing. So I hit him on some like people was putting out these blogs and then, you know, somebody's kind of sending me a little bit of proof that you're paying to, to ship this stuff around to promote and help change your name. Like, you know, I'm like, but I don't wanna believe that it's you because we're in such a great space. Like I got love for you for real, for real. I just like want to know if you could like stand up for me 'cause Emini here, I feel like I've been standing up for you to say I've been protecting you by staying silent. That's so like passive aggressive and like what you trying to say? You are protecting me by making me look like I took everything from you. I am begging y'all to let me get my back blown out in peace. All right. By, oh my God. Yes.


Oh my god. I would, we had that ending part just that one more time. I love that. What backbone out in peace. All 2025. Why would she say That she's with Aaron Pierre. It's Mufasa On you gotta do a this record to Mufasa now. Mufasa F Scar, F Nyla F pride rock after the Lion King, the staff record, label, label And a mother F plate. I hope it ran Uhuh. I definitely understand what she coming from though. Like I understand what she's saying. Boy. She say That at the end. Wait, you what you mean like the back blown Out? No, no, I, no I She said that so fast. I didn't even notice what she said. Damn. I thought she said hopefully I can get my backbone together. She said what? Let me get my back blown out in peace. Okay, Bye.


Oh okay. Okay. Bye Iman. Definitely not gonna clean nothing up now like this is, that was the way I'm gonna make it more messy now. Yeah, like yeah I'm gonna leak Something else. But you shouldn't do that though. Emini here. That is the mother of your child. Get your backbone. Oh Could you stop that is the mother of your child. Okay, so you still should protect her peace. Absolutely. Because protecting the mother of your child's piece is protecting your child's piece. Why would you wanna have your, the mother of your child out here in disarray Emini Here she with Aaron Pierre. Man, she would move. Fosters Keep causing that disarray. She gotta keep making them back blown out point man. Go. T, t Go T. And you dropping freestyles. Aman F pride rock freestyle right now. Let's go. What? F Pride. Right Circle. Wait. Yep.


I thought you was playing that. Playing What? To let me get my back blown out and piece right by. Nah, Nah, not turn this off. Nah, nah. Una matata of my ass. You gotta raise holy hell down. Jeez. Just on Aaron though. Not on Titi. Yo. Throw the circle of light to some sexy drill and just hop on the track. God Damn. Damn. We already know Ana can do a little bit. She can show us a little bit. Shit was giving him mine the music to do the thing to. What you mean Man? If you go to Donkey man. Crazy. All right. Thank you for the latest with Lauren Charlotte. You got donkey today? I do man. Four after the hour. Donkey today is going to a man who was getting his black bone out but now he dead. What? I said his black out his what? You might have been getting his black blown out. No, I feel like getting your black bone out is worse than getting your back Blown out.


If somebody, if getting your black blown out is crazy. Yeah, That means it's sound like A Chinese band Ran means you a white man, A bunch of white men. Exactly. You gonna blow his black out. Black blown out. Black Blown out. You wake up at a country club. We'll get to that next sister Breakfast club. Good morning you chicken out The Breakfast Club. I wanna know how you came up with the Donkey of the Day because you're me. I'm not, what did I Don? There's a bunch of donkeys out here in the Street. That is why Charlamagne, If we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we lay a thing, we never would say, Hey, give It to him on The Breakfast Club.


In the words of Charlemagne, the God it's a donkey that oh Man. Charlemagne, you giving Donkey the day. The who now? Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today for Wednesday, March 19th is a double donkey. You know today's March 20th, right? Yes. Wednesday, March 20th. No, Thursday, right? Thursday. Jesus Christ. I'm losing it. Donkey today for Thursday, March 20th is a double donkey. It goes to 31-year-old Mickel, Brier, Ryer dom and 55-year-old Michael Dale. Now Mickayla is an OnlyFans model. I guess that's an actual job title nowadays. Her performer name is Ashley and she was hired by Michael Dale to perform A-B-D-S-M sex act. Now you all know what BDSM is?


Correct? Bondage, discipline, dominant submission, you know all types of bondage. You got handcuffs, you got rope play, you got blindfolding, you got mummification. Different role play scenarios. For example, teacher, student boss, employee Envy was doing Barack and Michelle last night. You can do Diddy and anyone on making the band. You get the picture. Well, Michael had 11,000 in disposable income recession where? Okay, he had 11,000 to spend on BDSM. So he decided to order some mummification with a side of what seems to be a power exchange and a role play scenario because Michael wanted to be mummified and Saran wrap and he wanted a pair of women's boots glued to his feet.


Yes, this man wanted to be treated like some leftovers. He wanted to be wrapped up like ate food. Keep me fresh baby. Okay, this man wanted to know what it felt like to be a sandwich. Wrap me up and eat this D for lunch later. I hear stories like this And I just think to myself, I'm just not that freaky. And why would he want the woman's boots glued to his feet? Well, I did some research and by research Emini here, I asked chat, GPT. Why do men like women's boots as a fetish and chat? GPT said because of sensory stimulation. Okay, women's boots, especially the old made of leather or latex or suede, provide you unique textures and sensations that can be physically or psychologically stimulating. Okay, it says the act of zipping, zipping up or lacing or feeling the snug fit of high boots can be pleasurable.


I also asked chat GPT, why would someone glue the woman's beat the woman's boots to their feet and it's just a fetish. Okay, kin related behavior. Some individuals enjoy being physically restrained and permanently securing the boots could heighten that experience. I guess this is where the term kinky boots comes from. But this is what Michael ordered. Little did he know that order came with an all expense paid trip to the afterlife. Let's go to Mercury News for the report please. A 31-year-old woman has been charged with murder after a man who paid her to engage in fetish acts died after he'd had a bag on his head secured with duct tape. During their encounter in an Escondido home, she recorded the interactions to use as content for her OnlyFans sight.


The incident allegedly occurred between two consenting adults during what appears to be bondage, discipline, dominance, submission, sadism and masochism more commonly referred to as BDSM. While legal experts say a victim's consent to take part in dangerous acts is not a defense to homicides, some said it might be a mitigating factor in the document. Police said Dale first reached out to Ry Lars after spotting her ad on a website. Police said was commonly used for escort or stripper services in texts and phone calls. In March and April of 2023, the affidavit states Dale made some unusual requests, including that she wrap him like a mummy and Saran wrap and glue a pair of women's boots onto his feet.


As he lay unresponsive, she was performing a sex act nearby, apparently creating content for her OnlyFans page. The document alleges. Now look man, if I'm gonna pay 11,000 for some BDSM, I'm not paying no rookie. Okay, this woman, McKayla, according to the news report, never engaged in BDSM sex before. You don't let the person who can't cook but wants to learn, make Thanksgiving dinner. No, no, no, no, no. You can learn to cook one random Thursday in March, but we not trusting you with one of the most meaningful meals of the year. That's not happening. There is a reason rookies don't get max contracts right out of the gate. You gotta prove yourself 11,000. That's the reason this is a double donkey. I don't kink shame, but 11,000 to a woman who's never done this before.


No, imagine paying the person who never cooked before 11,000 to cook Thanksgiving dinner and then they burn up all the food. You gotta blame yourself because you knew this person never cooked before, but you trusted them and paid them 11,000. And Michaela, the on. The reason you getting donkey is because you put duct tape over this man's mouth. You put some WR wrap in a plastic bag over his head and you sat there and watched this man suffocate on the floor. You watched the Turkey burn, but you don't realize it's burning because you don't know what you doing. Okay? Just like this woman, McKayla had no idea Michael was suffocating on the floor. Mike McKayla was too busy busting it open, performing sex acts on the floor. Meanwhile, the macaroni and cheese is burning to a crisp now there Is a video.


Yeah. Daddy, you like that? Oh yeah, you like that thing? Oh my God, He's squirming. Oh yeah. More daddy. Yeah, He's dying. He's dying. There is a video that shows this man was wrapped in Saran rap for eight minutes and Ashley Sin Kai, real name Mickayla finally realized that something was wrong. So she rushed to call 9 1 1, but it was too late. Dale was unresponsive and was declared brain dead at a hospital and days later removed from life support all because he trusted a rookie with a pro's job. Please give Michael Dale and McKayla Ry Lardo the biggest chaw Rest in peace.


Michael Dale. You are killing this girl's name. I know. What is it? I can't. I don't wanna say it anymore. Try Mickayla. No. What's the last name? Bryce. Bri Shay Ryden. Bryce Shay. Ryden. Now say judicial. Is she what? Say judicial. Oh yes. I thought you was asking me was she Jewish. I was like, I don know. No, I have no idea. I said now say judicial. Judicial. Okay. Can you imagine having to explain this in the afterlife though? No. Yes. I wouldn't want to either. That's why you always gotta think about things before you do.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with Hate.


Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag. Stand Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Check Out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest r and b and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neville 'cause you might die. And do you want to die doing something like that? And have to explain that in the afterlife. Think about it. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Up next, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you have relationship issues, all problems, call Jessup right now. (800) 585-1051. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Help me Man. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God, I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Jess gonna fix your mess because my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DEJ envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. Hello. Who's this? Qua? Hey Qua, what's your question for Jess? First of all, you guys were trying to read the word vehemently this morning. The word is vehemently and it was killing me when I heard y'all trying to read It. What is it? Vehemently, Vehemently. Vehemently. Oh, we just, the age was in there. That's the problem. They shouldn't be doing that. You know, the English language all screwed up, making shit up. Okay. So I've been messing with somebody for like 20 plus years and when I first met him, I know he was, I knew he was from the streets, like Right.


And I wasn't, we weren't really serious. But I guess since we've been dealing with each other for a while, we've been going more and more and we've been getting more and more into it. But now here for the last five years he's been married and we still, we still going. Like we still messing with each other. It pick me up in the middle of the night and take me to some strange hotel and just kind of, you know, To do. Okay. All right. Hold up, hold on. 'cause you're slowing down now. So you, you've been messing with this guy for 20 plus years on and off, I'm assuming, right? And he done got married to somebody else and y'all still messing around on and off.


Yeah. And you know, he's married, he's been married for five years. Yeah. And you're, you're asking me to fix your mess. Should his wife be asking me to fix hers? I don't know if she knows. I don't know if she knows. Mm. Okay. So what, what, what exactly do you wanna I know her. What, what do you need messing for Emini here. What do you need me to fix? Because it sound like you, you having the time of your life. I know, right? That's why I know. I really, like I said, what I called for was because you guys were doing the, the, it it was the word vehemently. It was killing me, but Oh, you really called the school us on how to say vehemently and we can Oh, Vehemently.


And you need, and you need, you don't really need your mess fixed. You, you like being the side, I guess because You Really, I wanna leave him alone. Yes, you've become a mistress. Yeah. Don't, don't sound ashamed. Oh, please don't sound ashamed. Uhuh. Okay, so you wanna leave him alone, but you can't because obviously the, the ding ding is good obviously. And he does things for you. Yes, he does. He does something. He not, no. Now he's not a, like, I can't ask him to like support, help support my lifestyle, but he does little things.


Girl, let married me alone. Nothing major. Leave him alone. Go get your own. You're very smart. Obviously, you know, words like vehemently. So you, you're smarter than what you're doing girl. Go get your own man. Because 20 years on and off, you just been, y'all just been each other's convenience for sex for 20 years. And it, but you know, the, the dating scene out here is crazy. Like, I don't know. These men be these young boys is gay. They out here switching sides and all kind of craziness. I don Feels safe To be With who you know. Oh, okay. Well give me, give us this, this man's wife's number real quick so I can let her know.


I know she need to just leave this man alone so he can just commit to you because, because how you going yo, in the same breath of her bashing young men. You don't like the dating pool is full of ish and piss and all that, but you got somebody's husband just on the tuck. Like ready? Yeah. Girl, get it together. Don't call back until, got it together. Trying to school us on a damn word. All right, well that's just fix my mess. If you got a question for Jess caller up right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Ask About me relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass.


Call it up if Dr. Jess and I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're in the middle of just fix my mess. Hello. Who's this? Yo Envy. You know the vibe is mellow. What the word? Mellow. What's popping? Meow. Yo man, I'm as go hold you. I've been a little bit inside my head. I wanna know if y'all can help me out with this. What's that? Alright, so I, you know what Emini here, I'm, I'm an inspiring artist. You know what Emini here, I can sing my off. At least I like to think so. They call me Reon every time I sing. But for whatever reason I keep going through this thing where I have this writer block where I start second guess my content And I don't know how to break out of that. Mm.


What do you, what do you mean? Like write as black as far as like writing lyrics and what do you mean content? It's Not even like writing lyrics. It's like I'll do something and it'll be fire. You know what Emini here, I get wild motion on it and then it's like I'll be trying to replicate that and if I feel like I can't replicate that, I'll just stop creating. And I don't know how to get outta that. Mm, No. You just gotta find different ways to stay high, find different ways. Like, like what, what do you thrive doing best? Is it hanging out with other creatives? Is it like, what, what do you do? What do you do best? Well, I do hang out with other creatives. I definitely hang out with a lot of people. They don't be in my lane, but like, it goes hand in hand. Like, you know what Emini here, I hang out with a lot of dancers. You know what Emini here? A lot of social media influencers, you know, party promoters, things of that nature.


Just getting my name out there. But it's like now it's like my name out there, but I don't got the content to back it up. Like, my discography ain't that long. I've only been on this path for two years now. So Yeah, it, it could be. You just gotta unplug. I think you probably like could be paying attention to what everybody else is doing and that could get in your way too. 'cause if you, you, if you made a hit, it's just like trying to live up to the last hit that you made. If you made a hit, you probably looking at everybody else's success or what where everybody else is at that could also discourage you too. So just unplug, meditate, get, you know what I'm saying? You gotta sit with yourself That, how do I properly meditate because I don't even know what that means. You don't know what meditation means? Like clear your mind, unplug. Like you get off social media.


Stop actually. Like, it's just like you just gotta go in your own corner. Like you gotta isolate yourself. You know what Emini here and, and get back to mellow. Like what makes you thrive? How did you come up with that first hit? What did you go off of? Was it from experience? Was it from hanging? You know what? Emini here, like you, these are questions that you gotta ask yourself. You know, there's different ways to meditate, but definitely unplugging and, and isolating yourself is one. Okay? Yeah. I appreciate that. That you know what I'm name my next song Just with the mess. You know the vibe We outside. Thank you Meow. Good luck bro. Anytime Or the song Just my mess. No, people make that mistake all the time. You always want don't don't name no wax song after me bro. Okay, let me hear it first.


Yeah, it stupid. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up, so don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with oh latest with Legit latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face Off. She gets them from somebody that knows. Somebody Know well. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything and she be having the latest on you. The Lord the latest with Lauren Osa. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club.


Talk to me. So going back to Kanye. But we are headed back because Mama Tina, miss Tina Knowles has seemingly responded to all of the little shots that he was throwing at her grand babies. So y'all know Tina Knowles on Instagram does her segment. Corny joke time. Yes. Where she posts her corny jokes. Now when she posted her recent corny joke, the caption said with a heart, it's hard to remain positive and classy in the face of ignorance and evil. But I know that no weapon formed against me or my family shall prosper. This battle is not mine. It's the Lord's. I know that God has got this. So of course the people are like, this is a response to Kanye.


But let's talk about the corny joke. Let's take a listen. What Happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? Hmm. Anybody else? You tell us the punchline. No, I wouldn't try to try it. She Want us To guest phrase. What if we already saw it on social? Which I didn't. I didn't. Let's just try. Okay, what what happens is when a snowman throws a tantrum, What happens when a snowman throws? I have no idea. Vy. Ask. Ask Jenny Ma. I don't know. Oh my God. What not. You can't get back in the house. What? He has a meltdown. He has a meltdown.


Okay. Courtney Johnson. Hi Grandma. Grandma Ca Cassie also threw a shot at, at ye. She reposted Cassie reposted Playboy. Cardi. When Playboy Cardi was responding to Kanye tweeting about Playboy card's music, he said, yay, shut the F up. Yeah. So moving on from there, new music is on the way. Y'all saw that Will Smith will be releasing his first album in 20 years. You guys saw that He's in that booth ripping on any beat, yo. Yes. Yes. How did you know that? That's where we were going. Oh, he he rapping with Safari. Oh, safari. No, because I saw him on the stream. He he got in a booth with, with one of the young streamers and he turned Up Black Max.


Black Boy Max. Yeah. So this is, this is, it's funny because there's so many people in real time, like younger people, like yo he do music. I think when he dropped that freestyle on his Instagram, that's how I remember when we was talking about the D his sign or whatever. He was in the car. He was doing Music first though. Why didn't he before acting? A lot of younger people don't, Don't even know That. Have no idea. So people was like wait for Everything. So that's, they don't even realize that Fresh Prince and Will Smith are two different artists bro. Really? So listen, so Will Smith has been on this press tour because he's promoting his new album called, based on a True Story, he stopped by a stream with Plat Boy Max and he actually got in a booth and freestyle. So he Couldn't hear, he couldn't hear what Playboy Max was saying. No, absolutely not. He was in the booth going in. He was hitting.


So Yeah, you heard, you heard Black Boy Max over top of Will. 'cause he's black boy Max is actively on the stream. So he talking to the chat. You know what Emini here, he doing his little, his little. He Went in there and had bars though. I thought it was all right. Yeah, I Was, yeah it was, it it it is your age range. It's your, your age range. But it's funny though 'cause he in there thinking he killing, killing it. They probably didn't try like go old head. Go old head go God man, Old head go old head. Well He said that's that old head. I Ain't gonna lie like a little crisp. He had a, he had a little lu crisp flow to me. For real? You don't remember how Luda rap? I know How Luda raps. I Just, it Was, I, I enjoy Will Smith rap.


Okay, now I'm gonna tell you what, I didn't enjoy him. I didn't enjoy all of the was getting jiggy with it and all of that. Yeah, but for whatever reason you did it. No. This era of Will Smith rapping, I enjoy it 'cause he's so serious. He Like summertime. Oh My God. But That's Fresh Prince. Oh, fresh Prince was fired. You talking about Will Smith? Yes. Fresh Prince was fired. Okay. Okay. So I didn't know Fresh Prince's Nightmare on my Screech Summertime I think I could beat Mike Tyson. That's fire. Wait, I Just don't understand. I didn't realize what You said. So he dropped music separately as Fresh Prince and then as Will Smith leave alone. I did not Know that. Leave me alone. I didn't know that. I thought when you said that you meant like there was like soundtrack music for Fresh Prince. Oh my goodness. Who did? Parents just don't understand. Was that Fresh Prince or Smith?


Prince. Okay. Fresh Prince. Because I like that song Prince. Is he just bored or is he not shooting movies? Why? No, I think he just wants to get back into music. He said he's been working on this project for a minute and he's itching to get it out. I am a Libra who identifies as a cancer drop on, include bombs from Big Walleye And he been keeping up with a lot of trends on social media. You see been doing stuff with Ashley Banks. He was Tatiana, anxiety Challenge, the Doci. Yep, It's the Doce. He included Doce in it. Yep. Yeah. Alright, Red go ahead. Go off. Him And Tiana been on the trends. Yes. He also shared the track list. So there'll be Tiana Taylor will be on this. His son Jayden, of course. Jazzy Jeff and a ton of other people. So we'll look out for that on March 28th is when that is supposed to drop. Turn that off too.


Right? That's bad luck. It's bad luck to play summertime, but it's not summertime. If you play it when it's still cold out, it's eight more weeks of winter. Jesus. Yeah. You just lied. Just made that up. Yo. It's okay. It's okay. That was actually all I had prepared for the hour and we still have two minutes, so just to wrap up. Okay. All well I'm just gonna just check in and just, Well listen, I can tell you how y'all, the third annual Black Effect podcast festival is happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. So go get your tickets@blackeffect.com slash podcast Festival. Okay. Will Smith might be there performing? No, he He's not. He got plenty to Do. That's not true. That's Not true. Not what you mean. He might pull up to talk on somebody's podcast.


Okay. We got the Naked podcast with Carrie Champion Sarah Jake Robinson will be there with women Evolve. Good moms bad choices. They, they bring out guests. You never know who, who might come out as a guest. Mm. I don know. I'm trying to see if I can get him in Cincinnati. I got shows tomorrow on Saturday. You know what I'm saying? A funny bone. He might come through. We you never know. You never know. You know what? I'm doing a book tour and he might be host hosting mine at the book tour. Real life, real family. You could pre-order right now. He might be hosting all my conversations. You never know Will Smith popping up all over the place. He might just pop up and spit some balls and you better let Him rap. I'm going to Dr for wait, what? He might pop up in Delaware. No, I'm gonna Dr. May 22nd through the 27th. He's not going to Delaware. Philly Right next door.


That's ain't happen. You been so mad. What is your issue with Delaware? I was saying Dr. May 22nd through the 27th for the black alumni week that I'm doing with Memorial Day Getaway. He could come there summer time we worked there. The Man got an album coming out. You gonna see him a little bit of everywhere. Okay. And he need to be over here with us Old heads stay off them screams because they, they that was just disrespectful with Playboy Mac did. Right? Playboy Max. This, that old head thought that Was a compliment. He thought that was a compli. That was A compliment. I know that sometimes. Yeah. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Today I like your outfit, but sometimes when you come in here with a matching sets, I'd be like, look at him. Look at old head. That's a real old head. You know what, Emini here be having them.


I feel like that about your wigs. Come here. Look at him. Old wig. Look at He stupid. Alright. That is the latest with Lauren. Change. Wrapped This Tuck. Mm. Tucked. Alright. We didn't lean in. Nore up Is the People's Choice Mix. That's how it's The Breakfast Club. Morning. I say the same thing. Wake up, wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V-H. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I wanna salute to Hampton University. Again. They honored me, my wife and my our family on their for 43rd annual black conference. When they talk about families mental health and host of others. They honored us last night. It was a a a a great ceremony.


Salute to Thea Mitchum, who was our boss. She gave a a amazing speech and, and brought me out salute to the Hampton Band. Salute to, they did a, a spoken word. They did a performance. It was just a, a great ceremony. So thank you again. Hampton University, Dr. Kalan, ADI and everybody that was involved with that. I really appreciate it. It was great. And I'm heading back home now to my family, so thank you again. Did they sing the Dominican National Anthem, Anthem for you and you? No, they didn't. Okay. Nah, they, they, they didn't. No. Did they Represent, did you represent your Dominican heritage at all? Did anybody make reference to it? Did. I'm not Dominican Black Family Black. Yes, I'm black Sir. So why was it referenced? Hmm.


Well they did reference you. They was like, Charlemagne said Dominican, Not, don't put this on. They said don't put this on me. They, That's What they said they wanted, they wanted you to represent your heritage. But congratulate congratulations. Thank you so much. And salute to everybody out there that pre-ordered my book. Real Life Real Family. I really appreciate that. I can't wait for you guys to read that on April 15th. Hey, That's what up Jess and Cincinnati this weekend? Yep. I'm in Cincinnati at The Funny Bone. I got two shows tomorrow. We got two shows on Saturday. Get your tickets at Jess Hilarious official.com or funny bone.com and just click the tab Cincinnati. 'cause when you go to the website for Funny Bone, all the funny bones in the country gonna come up.


Just find Cincinnati and the tickets are right there. Boom. So I cannot wait to get there tomorrow. Love you guys. See you this weekend Cincinnati. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. You got a positive note? I do have a positive note, man. And the positive note is simply this, everything in life starts with your mindset first and your actions Second, your actions. Follow your thoughts, your beliefs and ideas to make a shift to free your energy. Start with getting your mind right and then take action. Have a blessed day, breakfast Club. Bitches see I'm finished or y'all done.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bold Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Check Out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest r and b and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream now pay never


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. ATT Connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.