
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning. USA Yo yo, Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlamagne. Go. Peace to the planet. It's Thursday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning to All. Good morning. What's up Jess? How you feeling? Good morning. I feel good. Yo, my kids did better than I expected in the swimming. Yeah. And Ash killed it. He killed it. Yeah. Good. Was the p was the pool warm? Yeah. Yo, it actually was. I told you it actually was. And that is like the number one complaint. You're right. I told You so. If you just joining us yesterday, Jess was talking about taking her two kids swimming for the first time.


Yes. And so how did the experience Go? It went great. All right. So Marley, she's in the tadpole stage, right? Yep. Shout out to British Swim School. She's in the tadpole stage. She already on level four. I love it. Oh my God. Like it. And then my baby's so big, right? Y'all know that's from the breast milk. And then her dad is tall, so she's already like, we, we know she's gonna be tall. They could not believe she was nine months. Really? My, my daughter's big, crazy. And then Ash, he was throwing the back stroke and the, the, I was like, okay, so you can love, so I'm gonna tell Envy you can swim. You just holding out on me. He just holding Out on, So somebody he had already learned before in his life? Yeah. I just didn't know that. Oh, I didn't know that. So I'm like, And I paying For this, he breast stroke and he Right.


Freestyling. And you like, what the hell? Yeah, it is like, yo, And I, I'm paying for this and you already know how to swim. Like what the hell? But yeah, yeah, yeah. He is learning. He he actually wants to like train Yes. To swim. Yes. So I was like, okay, all right. You made it seem like you wanna swim lessons because you didn't know how to swim. He was like, nah, I just wanna learn how to swim better. I wanna swim. Oh. What's his favorite stroke? Pause. What's his, what does he like, what does he enjoy? I Don't, I don't know. I don't know what he likes. 'cause he was doing it all. Yo he was swimming on the side. Then he, I, I didn't think he knew how to float. He know how to float. I'm like, Yo, this is great. I'm estimate my Team. So wanted be the next Michael Phelps. Yeah. He said he wants to train. Okay. So, you know, in high school I was on the swim team. I did backstroke.


Oh God. Course I'm, I'm serious. Of course you did. But you know, the reason why I, I gave up Of course you did, Was because in high school you Started getting backstrokes in the industry. Shut Up. In high school you'd have to wear the little tiny pants. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and You know, at first when you, when you practicing it and you're training, it's not a problem. Yeah. But then when you look in, in the stands and, and you start seeing girls in there and people in there, you're like, nah, B I'm not doing this. Now Look at you now. The Backstrokes in the Daily Dukes got you where you are. You know what I'm saying? Oh my God. Look at that boy with the DA Dukes. Huh? Oh my God. I want you to look at you. Oh my goodness. Look at you. Alright. Well, Rodney, dark child, Jerkins will be joining us, man. Rodney Jerkins will be here in a little Bit. Super producer Rodney Jerkins. You know, he's getting inducted into the songwriter's Hall of Fame.


Yes. Correct. He's worked with everybody from Michael Jackson to Brandy Whitney Houston Destiny Child. And I just worked with them. Some people say they worked with them, but think about the records. The boy is mine. Yes. You rock my world. The whole nother say never. Yeah. Yes. Said he, you know what Emini here, the whole my name, it's not right, but it's okay. By Whitney Houston. Whitney, come on now. Yes. And he's also bringing his artist, John Keith, who's a Christian artist, and he has a new album called Grow Wings. Yep. So we'll talk to both of them today. And, and Rodney Jerkins, he's from Atlantic City. He has a history on him of how he got in the game. Yes. And how he learned. And if you don't know y'all, 'cause I know y'all probably like Rodney Jerkins, that's the songs that you hear come on. And they'd be like, dark Child. That's very true. I grew up on that Dark Child. You Grew up Dark Child. Yes.


All right, so we'll kick it with him. But let's get in some front page news when we come back, let's get the show cracking. Happy birthday too. What is it? Lil Duvall. Lil Du. Dropping a bump for my guy. Lil uv. So why we not playing? Living My Best Life. Come on now A second. We'll give you a second to You. A second to pull up. Lil Duvall living my best life. Yes. Lil Duvall got a few records out right now, by the way. That's right on. Is his as Duval. Lemme see. I'll be 47. It's still really good. He's 40. He turned 48 today. I feel like he, because I turned 47 in a few Weeks. Yeah. Happy birthday line. Duvall. He turned 47. Yes. Nice. We got, he's typing it in right now. And I wanna let you know that, that me training the dogs is getting a lot better. They're starting to listen. Oh, good. Yeah. You're starting to look like you have a lot more sleep y Yes.


So good. They're starting to, because they're not pooping and peeing. I don't have to wake up in the morning and clean poop and pee before I leave. I just walk 'em, put 'em back and they're getting better. That's what it is. I love it. All right. Here we Go. Happy born day. My guy. Lil Du Ball man. Dropping the goon for Lil Du Ball. We going to Dub Ball Day this year too. Hey, It's The Breakfast Club. Come on, let's go. Happy Born Day. Lil Duval. You know Lil Duvall got Duvall Day on July 12th, but this year he's doing a whole weekend. So he got his Duvall Day concert that Friday, July 11th with the baby and Plys and Bossman. Dlo and Skilla Baby and Jacque. Bunch of different people. It's gonna be at the, the, the Veterans Memorial Arena. Okay. In Jacksonville. So you can go to Ticket Master and get your your tickets for that Luke to Duval.


All right, well let's get in some front page news now if it's true. And Jay-Z really bet a million dollars that OKC would win in four. He lost his money. He lost his money. Damn. Because last night the Pacers won 1 16, 1 0 7. They lead the Series two one. I don't think anybody expected that. But it might be the Pacers might take it now. Like this might be the Pacers year. I Didn't know Emini here. IIII think I, I saw them winning in at least two games. I still think KCO win the series though. I don't know Pace. This might be the Paces time. They beat Cleveland. They beating The World deserve a chance. Yeah, they did. It might be time. Do this. The era I hate. We do this every day. Every time. Last game we was like, I don't think if they'll win another game, I don And I didn't.


You know what I'm saying? But that they win. It's like, this might be there yet. Then when KC win by 20 next game, they be like, I don't know who's going the series. Exactly. But This team wasn't supposed to beat the Cleveland Cavaliers. They weren't supposed to be the Next Well, Indiana has been probably the best team in the league since February, bro. So they've been, They're one of the top three teams in the league since February. It it is not a surprise. It Might be written for them this year. I don't know where they, once the underdogs they did. They just come outta nowhere. I think they an underdog in every series Versus Cleveland. They were the underdog versus the Nicks. They were the underdogs here. Yes. They were just on watch Indiana since, since about February. They've been like the top or top three team. But they've been the underdog for all these series. But look at Cleveland was injured. Like they had, they had players down in Cleveland. That's Why I Said it might Milwaukee.


Damian Lily didn't play. That's Why I said it might be their time. That's why I'm saying that. Ain't nobody heard on OKC yet. No, they, it's a seven game series. They losing It. Alright, well good morning, Morgan. Oh hey. Good morning y'all. How we feeling on a Thursday? Good. Alright, good. Love to hear that. Of course, we'll address the developments of what's going on in LA regarding the anti-ice protests. But first on front page, let's get into some international news. The State Department is ordering all non-essential staff to leave the embassy of Iraq as tensions flare up between the, the US and Iran. Now, president Trump confirmed the development last night, night as he visited the Kennedy Center in Washington DC to see le miserable. Let's take a listen to his comments.


Well, they are being moved out because it could be a dangerous place and we'll see what happens. But they are been, we've given notice to move out. We'll see what happens. Somebody was shooting behind him. What was going on in there, right? What was that noise? Staff? Oh, no, no. Probably preparing for his military parade. Staffers are also being told to leave the US embassies in Kuwait. And Bahrain. The order came early Wednesday after Iran threatened to target US military bases in the us. The US and Iran had reportedly reached a stalemate in their nuclear negotiations. And President Trump has threatened to strike if Iran, if the Iran talks failed. Now, Iran's defense minister responded to Trump's threats by saying it will target without hesitation us bases within its reach in other international affairs.


Trade to be specific, white House says that President Trump is going to, going through the proposed trade deal with China. Now, white House press secretary Caroline Levitt said Trump is happy to work with his trade team and happy with the work the trade team has done and shared details on the proposed trade deal with China at yesterday's briefing. Let's take a listen to that. China Has agreed to open their markets to the United States separately of this deal. And when it comes to this deal, we're going back to the terms that were agreed upon in Geneva for the release of some of those critical minerals and the magnets from China to the United States. And we have agreed to fully comply with the Geneva agreement as well. She went on to say that Trump will have more to say on the subject soon.


And Elon Musk is walking back his comments, but I won't get too much into that. We'll talk more about that at seven. He said he might have gone too far. Mm duh. But yeah, we'll get into those comments at seven and then we'll go ahead and also talk about what's also happening in LA regarding these anti-ice protests. So stick around for more front page news. Keep Telling y'all money is not power. Power is power. So you know, you Elon Musk and you jump out there and get sporty and then Donald Trump says, all right, I think we want to cancel some of his contracts, his government contracts. Okay. Yep. I'm sorry boss. All right, Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, (800) 585-1051.


Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This Is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, It's time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, Ika your president. Third Tamika. What's up Tamika? Take us off Bluetooth for speaking if you got us on there, Tamika, I'm glad you called us. I got a question for you, but go ahead. What you need to say? I just took Y'all off, but yo, God is so good. Every time he's time, I call y'all. I get through every Time. All praises do.


I'm glad you called because I got a question for you. It, it's her Birthday first. It's her Birthday today. Happy born day. Yes. What what's your Oh, thank you. Thank happy. Thank you. Who blowing out your plastic candle today? Whoa, My girlfriend. Oh, Okay. Good Relationship. I saw a stud. Yeah, my girl, I saw a stud on Instagram yesterday. It was a video my wife showed me and she was saying that she, she es s from wearing the scrap on. And she said, it's a mental thing. I how Lying. We gotta go over this again. Yeah. He needs, he needs to, I ain't never heard this one. That was annoying. You now listen. Well, Like we, you have Okay. When you have the scrap on, on, right. You, you, it's a harness.


You hook it up to you and, and it and it's by your SI Don't wanna say the word Yes. Vagina. Wow. So as you're penetrating the girl, it's also ing against your Yeah. Wow. Your your, I don't know if I can say that on the Radio. Okay. You learned so, okay. Okay. You learned something new every day. Okay. Yeah. But you not supposed to know that Charlotte. 'cause you not a woman and you not a lesbian. Well, so how would you go? Yeah, tell me status. Well, well first of all, stuck business. If you putting it on Instagram, it's everybody business. So if you putting it on Instagram, making a video for The World to see, I'm going to sit there and watch and be like, well, how the hell is, is that possible? That's a fact. Yes, that's a fact.


Yes. Because I be intrigued by the transgenders, like the, the, the, the women going to boys and they keep showing that on my timeline. Like I want to be a boy. I don That, that, that, that's, that's ai man. That's ai. When you see the women transform the boys on Instagram, that's ai. That's what that is. Oh, okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, Tamika And I wanna give a shout out to Lauren. I am so proud of you, Lauren. Continue doing your thing. Do not listen to Shoulder because your wig be looking good. Girl. Don't listen To him. She ain't wore one. She ain't wore one in a while. Yeah, because Either way she looking good. Charla don't do that to her. She, she is just a chocolate glistening.


I Yes she is. Is Boman is the shout out Tomorrow. Why should we listen to you when you moan when somebody your scrap Happy birthday. You have a happy birthday. I love y'all out out everybody. I love y'all. Have a good day. You too, babe. Oh my goodness. You listening to her? Hello? Who's this stupid? JA from Indy. Your pace is doing it. Emini Here. You don't have to tell me, but I appreciate you trying to support now. I'm not trying to support now trying support, supporting support. I'm a Knick fan. I'm not supporting. I'm gonna be real quick and brief. It's not over. And Jeff, this is before your time. And Lauren, this is before your time for me in Charlamagne from Remember back in the day it says it's not over to the fat lady.


C That's right. Mm. Can't nobody tell anymore 'cause she don't, but it's over. No, it is not over, bro. Like you need to remember Kobe Bryant job to celebrate. Job's not done. Job not finished. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Lp? This is T from P Kissie. T. Peace. T. What up? Get it off your chest. Hey, yo, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta disagree to agree situation with you Charlemagne, real fast.


You know, being that you're the rep for mental health. Yes sir. It is Men's mental health month too, by the way. Most definitely. And I feel like it's a direct shot to those, those men that portray to be gay. You know what, Emini here, because if you're, if you're gay, I feel like that's a mental health issue regardless. Like I Do you, do you agree or disagree with that? No, I don't think being gay is a mental health issue. I think that people avoid. Why don't you figure that's, that that's far as the trauma Emini here. The person don't wake up and be like, oh, I'm attracted to men. Something just has to happen in that mental state. That's what Emini here. And that's why I feel like, I don't believe that, but continue. No, no, I'm just saying like, you really think about it. Really understand where I'm coming from when I say mental health.


Mental health is something that you, that within, you know what? Emini here. So now you portraying to be something that you're not, then that is a, like a, what don't you call that Bipolar or, or like a multi personality person. Like Emini here. So now you're portraying to be something that you're not. But I don't think so. That's a mental health issue. Yeah. I don't think they're portraying to be something that they're not. I think that, you know, you wake up and you know you naturally you, you can, but That's a sexual preference. What? Emini here. That's a sexual preference. I don't Emini here. I don that's nothing. I'm I'm not gay. So Emini here, I'm a married man of five. I don Dunno nothing about that. What Emini here. But I'm saying I was, I was, I was on TikTok And I had a panel And I was really talking about it and a lot of people got offended. But at the end of the day, you gotta keep it a book at the end of the day.


Can I Ask though? Wanna pretend to be, man, Can I ask you a question? And These men be under here pretend to be women. That's a mental health s that we're gonna put our, our Right now. Whoa. Whoa. Now you're confusing things. Now you're talking about transgenders right now. You ain't talking about Everything. Everything you're pretending to be. You know the men that, that as the sassy voices that we having, the, the, the Emini here. Like that's a mental issue. Can I ask a Question, Bro? Let's put it all on front Street, bro, can I ask you a question? Can I ask you a question? Please? Please. Who pinched your butt? Why, why, why, why you, why are you No, no. Connect with this this morning. What's up? Why? I'm, I'm, I'm tired of people. I'm tired of people that, that, like, I'm, I'm tired of people judging people that's actually coming up with truth. Look, listen, this is true, My brother ask in the Bible, How can you be gay and be Christian?


Lemme ask you a question when the Bible close. Emini here, come on on. Like put two, put two and two Together, bro. The Bible also says do not judge. And you're doing a lot of judging this morning. Lemme ask you a question, not judge. Lemme ask your question. Not judgemental. Who did you see that made your penis jump? Was it Michael Jordan and Sinners? Come on, tell me the truth, Bro. That's what Emini here. You jumped. Why bro have some cereal? Have you had breakfast yet? Go have some cereal. I'm serious. Mad man As Fruity Pepper. Jesus Christ. Hello. Who's this? Why you gotta get Fruity Peles though? Hello? Who's this? There We go. He wouldn't even need Fruity Pepper. Definitely what I saying. Paul. Ron, What's up? Get over your chest. Ron. What's going on? Good morning, Che Charlamagne. How y'all doing?


What's up? Peace. Hey, Charlemagne? Yes sir. Don't try to switch up now, bro. You had no in the paper. That's not true. I said, by the way, I I I still don't think they gonna win the series Emini here. We, that's why I said I I I said my, my prediction was I don't know what the numbers are gonna be. I don't know if it'll be game six, game seven, but I I, you know, I think KC gonna win the series Emini Here. Yeah, but nobody as Face is the paper from Game one. Emini here ground one against the book, against the C or against Nick. Y'all really thought they were done against. I thought they were done. Verse Cleveland. I thought they were gonna be done verse the Knicks And I definitely didn't. Why you think they were done? Verse Cleveland. They won't Cleveland 4 0 1. Yeah, But no, when before they even played Cleveland. I didn't think they had a chance before they played.


Yeah, I didn't think they had a shot. So like I said, this might be, this might Be You had injuries though. Who, what was who was my guy's name on Cleveland? That was hurt. I can't remember right now. Point guard. Yeah, but I didn't, I didn't think they were gonna have a a, a shot. But Emini here, y'all, this might be your time. Only two, one. Everybody relaxed. I didn't even Think they was gonna win. Two, one, I, They went two one against the Knick. You right. Well I wish to the best. Hey, hey. That's all I wanted to say. Man. I gotta get back to this role. Hey, excuse Me. Yes sir. Hey. Hey. Thank You. Be safe for that road bro. By the way, we not comparing the Knicks. Y'all have A good one, man. Love y'all. We Not comparing the Knicks to the Oklahoma City Thunder guys. Okay. Oklahoma City Thunder been the best team in the league all yet. It's a seven game series. Cleveland was, has been the best team on, on the east.


And they beat Cleveland, you say, But they were hurt. They had injuries man. They had like injuries. Like who? I cannot remember who was injured. It was a star player who was injured. Who? Ma. Yeah. Maurice Barry. Gar Darius Garland. Barry Gar. Exactly. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? Yes. We are gonna talk about Miss Ananda Lewis and we're gonna take some time to send some love to her family and just reflect on her career. Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a street fan. She gets them from somebody that knows. Somebody knows well. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on Lord the Latest with Lauren la.


Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. So we wanna take some time this morning to send some love. Toand Lewis's family, she passed away yesterday after a battle with breast cancer. The news was announced by her sister via her sister's Facebook, Amanda Lewis, for those who may not know trial trailblazing, TV host model. Howard University graduate. She was an advocate. She with BTS Teen Summit in 1995. M-T-V-T-R-L and Hot Zone in 97. She also did her own syndicated daytime talk show in 2001, the Amanda Lewis show.


And then she worked for a bunch of other outlets, including et. She was crowned hip hop generation's it girl back in 99 by the New York Times. And she'd been very vocal about her battle with breast cancer. So she spoke to a, b, c, just about, you know, her legacy and, and how she wanted to be remembered. Let's take a listen. What is it that you hope people say about you? People remember about you? Maybe that I loved hard and lived loud and didn't back away from problems and loved this life and was okay with letting it go too. So sad. Yes. Very sad. Very. The most, the most tragic thing about that story is reading how she regretted how she chose to handle her initial, her initial diagnosis.


Yes. And she says she didn't get regular mammograms. Right. And she wanted to do alternative methods when she got diagnosed and Yeah. Yeah. And we actually have that clip. She that was in the same a, b, c interview where she talked about her experience with mammograms. Let's take a listen to that. I wanted to share what was happening to me because I saw places I could have done better. I really do believe that everything is working for my good. I know by 47 I should have had my first mammogram. Right. And I didn't do that because I saw my mom do it for 30 years and she still ended up being diagnosed with breast cancer. I didn't have the understanding then that I had now. So I, you know, did the best I could with the information I had at the time.


And now that's changed. But that's also one of the reasons I decided to share. I wanted other women who were avoiding mammograms to, despite the bullet and go get it. Yes. Especially if you got a history of it in your family. Like Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. I actually started, I started early with like full body skins and mammograms because of the history of my family. But I will say for a lot of people, when you see it in real time, like you see it happen to someone else, it does make your way of thinking about treatment or other things. For sure. Very like your own experience. And I don't think people understand it until you actually go through it. Yeah. Yeah. And there's a lot of misinformation online or maybe it's true information. I have no idea. But I know when Gia went and she got her mammogram and she posted about it and talked about the experience, there was a lot of people in the comments that were saying, don't get a mammogram.


Mammogram makes the cancer come faster. And yeah, this, that and the other. And a lot of people were saying that, so people believe that as well. But you know, Pierre, we always say go to the doctor, get checked out no matter what. You'd rather know what happens and be able to try to figure it out before it's too late. Yeah. Some of these, some of these things are preventable. And I don't care if people call you a hypochondriac. I don't care if people tell you that you bugging, take your ass to the doctor, don't listen to TikTok. Yes, a hundred percent right. Yeah. So I, I do wanna mention that the day that Ananda passed away was her son Langston's graduation from middle school. So it is, it is of course a bittersweet day for their family. That is what her sister told TMZ. But they also talked about, you know, she was surrounded by her family at her home when this happened.


And they've already began planning a memorial for her in the next few weeks. And her family says that they have received an outpouring of love, especially from celebrities who she's encountered, Amanda encountered in her career, who already are telling her family they wanna speak during her memorial about how she influenced their careers and how she handled their interviews with them so well during their careers, which ultimately helped them. So yeah, She's one of those ones who influenced so many but didn't get her just due. Yeah. And I think it's because, and and it's like there was no, there was no social media back then, so it didn't amplify what it was that she was doing and it didn't preserve a lot of those moments for this generation to go back and watch. If that makes sense.


Yeah. I think you gotta go down a rabbit hole on like YouTube to see an ANDA's like clips and, but I also too, what I, my biggest thing with watching her when I did get to see her, like when people would like repost clips and stuff like that, I, her her look and just how she carried herself, even in her sit down interviews. Like she had huge interviews, but she was always like the same in every single interview. But she was wrote research. She her, she had her own talk show. Remember when they were saying Ananda was gonna be the next over Emini here it was daytime syndicate, syndicated talk show. That's a huge shit lot to Have. Yes. Before the Wendy's right there, like right around Wendy. She still doing it? Yeah. Nah, nah, nah. Wendy was on the radio. Was Thousand one her, the the Lewis show was 2001. Yes.


They were saying she was gonna be the next Oprah. Well sending her family love. I know that, you know, they need it right now and just wanted to take some time to say rest in peace to her. Sure. Absolutely. And I remember her and, and a li a lighter news update. Remember we talked about Dion Sanders, coach Prime. So he has posted in on his Twitter just thanking everybody for the outpouring of love that he received and wanted to let us know that he's doing well. So he said, wow, I am truly blessed by the abundance of well wishes for all the thoughts and prayers. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I can assure you all, everything is okay and we'll continue to be so God got me like no other. I have so much more work to do to glorify God. So please believe God got me. I'm excited to get back to Colorado to be at home with my staff team and all associated to our program.


When we arrive back to Boulder, you'll be updated on everything. Until then, I'm coming. Baby hashtag coach Prime Luther, Coach Prime. It's Luther Prime. Definitely sending him healing N nj. Yes. That's it for the first hour. Alright, That's the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news


at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra. And for runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4 and even the hot new Supra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Now last night, NBA the paces beat the O KC 1 16 1 0 7. The paces lead the Series two one. What's up Morgan? Hey Y Hey. So as previously mentioned in last hour, Elon Musk is walking back what he said about President Donald Trump saying that he went too far. Now this follows the war of words with the president on social media last week, which started with his opposition to Trump's massive spending bill and culminated with him claiming that Trump was mentioned in the Epstein files. Musk later deleted the post. Now Musk is saying that he has regrets and that he regrets some of the posts he made about Trump and wrote on X this yesterday morning that they went too far.


What do you guys think about that? I still don't believe any of this feud. I think it was all wrestling. I still believe that, you know, Elon's companies were suffering and you know, they wanted to do something to try to get him in good standing and it still didn't work because I think they said he lost like $152 billion in in Tesla, Tesla stock. Yep. On on the same day that it happened. But when you think about all the other things that can come from this, like, you know, they're talking about building a golden dome who you think's gonna get that contract. Yep. You know, they're still gonna be giving 'em government contracts for SpaceX. I think, I just think it was all, I really think it was all wrestling. I really do. I think the only way Elon's gonna really save its companies is to step down. Mm. Interesting take. Alright, let's switch gears to la. The White House says the anti-ice protests in Los Angeles are aimed at American culture and society.


Press Secretary Caroline Levitt said California is being led by Democrat radicals. She accused La Mayor Karen Bass of engaging in a campaign of lies blaming President Trump and law enforcement officers for the violence and slammed California Governor Gavin Newsom's response to the protest. Let's take a listen to press Secretary Caroline Levitt. These attacks were aimed not just at law enforcement, but at American culture and society itself. Rioters burned American flags chanted death to ice and spray painted anti-American slogans on buildings. Democrats like Governor Gavin Newsom and Mayor Karen Bass shamefully failed to meet their sworn obligations to their citizens. They didn't have the courage to do the right thing and protect law abiding Californians from rioters.


That's why President Trump deployed the National Guard and mobilized Marines. Levit also warned City's attempting similar types of protests will not be successful. She added President Trump will never allow mob rule and he won't allow his mass deportation efforts to be deterred by left wing radicals. You know, The most, the most interesting thing about this Morgan is, you know, if you listen to people who actually live in Los Angeles, like who actually live in la, they are saying the White House and media are hyping this situation up. They're saying it's an isolated incident and it's nowhere near as bad as the media and White House are portraying. Yeah, let's get into that. In fact, Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass, she dare she declared a local emergency as anti-ice protest stretch into its sixth day.


Now, the interesting fact that you mentioned is that the, the actual area seems to be about a one mile to two mile like block radius. Yep. In in terms of, you know, the grand scheme of LA City and LA County. So Bass issued the 8:00 PM to 6:00 AM curfew on Tuesday for part of downtown la part of downtown la. The curfew covers a one to two mile, square mile area where the majority of the violence and vandalism has taken place since Friday. It's expected to re remain in place for at least the next several days. Now Bass spoke about what led her to make the decision to issue a state of emergency and the curfew. Let's take a listen to her comments. Clearly, after the violence that took place last night, 23 businesses looted and just the extensive widespread nature of the vandalism, we reached a tipping point and declared a state of emergency and called for the Curfew.


Now, California Governor Gavin Newsom, he says the state is increasing state and regional law enforcement to that region. Newsom says the effort is to, in his words, clean up Trump's mess amid protests that have turned violent at times. Let's take a listen to comments from California Governor Gavin Newsom. It Is wrong to destroy other people's property and it is wrong to create the conditions that only exacerbate this. But Donald Trump at the end of the day, is the sponsor of these conditions. So Newsom says he is working to send over 800 additional offers officers to Los Angeles to manage and help the situation and restore order. So dozens were arrested yesterday.


LAPD officers issued another dispersal order after declaring unlawful assembly outside the downtown federal buildings. You know, like I Always say, man, all humans, regardless of what your race is, your sexuality is your gender. You know, in this country we just want some money in our pocket and we want to feel safe sending the National Guard and the Marines in the LA to deal with people protesting ICE raids. That's not making folks feel safe. Like if you are gonna be putting the military on people who are, you know, assembling and protesting peacefully protesting, that's not gonna make anybody feel safe. Even if you're not out there, that shouldn't make you feel safe. But wait, there's more something to note. If ICE plans to deploy that ice plans to deploy tactical units to locations across the country ahead of expected protest activity this weekend.


That's according to a report from Fox News. So-called special re response teams will be deployed in New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Seattle, and Northern Virginia, and PO possibly even Washington dc. Similar teams of course were deployed in Los Angeles in recent days amid the anti-ice demonstrations. It's being called No King's Day. It's a protest are anticipated across the country Saturday to coincide with the Trump administration's military parade marking President's birthday and also the Army's birthday. So keep that in mind. If you're in one of those major cities and you plan to venture out And please ice agents, just don't forget who you after. Okay? You after illegal immigrants, you after these people coming into America illegally, you know, the ones that y'all told us are committing crimes.


Like, you know, no, I don't think nobody is against the de deportation of illegal immigrants who are here committing crimes. Just go after the criminals. Like don't go after, you know, people who are just trying to make it in this country who are just trying to figure it out. Like, you know, that's, that's, I think that's the issue. The issue is, you know, people going to, what are the things called the, the, the immigration court and, and getting locked up there. Like people that are actually trying to go through the process and do the right thing and they're getting snatched up and deported. That's where the, the issue is. The issues are. Alright y'all, so that's the your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all so much. Thank you Morgan.


All right, Morgan, please. Morgan. Now when we come back, Rodney Jerkins will be joining us. We're gonna be kicking it with Rodney Jerkins and his new artist John Keefe. You know, Rodney Jerkins, producer extraordinaire. He did everything from, you Rock My World for Michael Jackson, the boy is mine. Brandy and Monica say my name Destiny's Child, just to name a few. We'll talk to him. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. That's Right. We Got the og, the icon, the legend. Rodney Jerkins celebrating 30 years of dog Child. He's inducted into the songwriters Hall of Fame. That's Big.


Congratulations. And he also brought his new artist, John Keith, how you feeling first and foremost? Good. I'm good, bro. I'm good. You good? I'm Blessed. John Keith, no pressure. But Rodney has sold over 500 million records worldwide. He's worked with Whitney Houston and Michael Jackson, Beyonce, Brandy, Justin Bieber, Simmons, Sam Smith. Just to name a few. No pressure. No pressure. Okay. Easy work. So how you feeling first and foremost? Well, we got, we gotta get to, you know, And I like to bring, when we have icons and legends like you, I like to start from the, from the beginning. Now you from Atlantic City? Yes, sir. From Atlantic City. And how did you get into music? What made you say, I want to be a producer and then being from Atlantic City, anybody from Atlantic City will tell you it's very difficult to get out there.


How did you get out there when people started hearing your beats and you started selling some stuff? My mom was a housekeeper. So she would go and she would take care of other people's houses and she would hear these little kids playing piano or being taught. She was like, I need them. I need this guy to teach my son. So I'm five years old, I didn't want to play the piano, be honest. But my dad had a house rule, you gotta play piano to live under this roof. Damn. So all the siblings play, we all played. I took the lessons and probably when I was about 10, 11, I discovered like I wanted to be a producer. I heard Michael Jackson's album and then I started kind of, you know, back in the day you read the credits. Yeah, of course. Teddy Riley was someone that I really admired. I saw Teddy Row on a lot of credits and I'm like, yo, I want to do this. I need to do this.


So back in the day there was a magazine called Black Beat. Yeah, absolutely. And I saw an interview and it said like all, it had like all the top producers, Pete Rock, you know, every, everybody. And it was like, we used the NPC to make the beats MPC 60 back then, right? NPC 60. And I was like, I need this, I need this. Can't afford that. My dad borrowed $1,200 off his life insurance. Got the NPC for me. There. We gone. Random question, how was it growing up in Atlantic City? Because I, I love Atlantic City because my daughter does a lot of cheerleading competitions. Yeah. And for some reason when I go out there, I I, I just get a good peace of mind. Like I go out there and write and all types of stuff. How was it growing up there as a chop? It was hard because there was no, there was no outlet, there was no studios there, there was no outlet for music.


So I had to get on New New Jersey Transit, you know, taking that two and a half hour, half an hour bus ride pretty much every other day just to try to get put on Wow. To New York. But yeah. But lemme tell you, I got discovered, I got discovered by Teddy Riley at the Impact Convention. Where was that? At Mac City. Wow. Break that down. So he heard a demo that I produced. He wasn't really into the, the, the guy singing the demo, but he was like, yo, this producer is dope. So the manager told me, I told my dad, I'm like, dad, Teddy Riley heard it. We need to go see him. He's like, where's he at? I said, well, the, the credit say he's in Virginia Beach, so we gotta go to Virginia Beach. My dad was like, that's like a six hour drive. Like whatever, let's go.


So we hop in the car, we hop in the van, the church van. 'cause my dad's a pastor. Right. Hop in church van. We go to Virginia Beach. Stand in Teddy Riley's. We was in his parking lot probably for like half the day now for People that don't know Teddy Riley's from Harlem. He built this huge studio in Virginia Beach. Yep. And it was beautiful. Everybody worked there. From Pharrell to Bobby Brown to Michael Jackson. Yep. So we go there in the parking lot, we just waiting for him to show up. And then finally he shows up like six, seven hours later. Pull up on him. I'm like, I'm the kid that produced. I'm like literally 14 years old. I'm like, you just heard my beat? He was like, that was you. And I was like, yeah. He was like, come on, come in the studio. Restless history. Wow. And so now, and then I'm, I'm, I'm getting inducted in Teddy Riley's the one inducted me.


Wow. That's amazing. Where, where did the the famous dark child come from? Where, where did you get that? I just, you know, it was really, the name itself came from the, the style that I felt that I was creating. Mm. I love dark minor chords. I was, I was youthful, you know, I'm a young kid so I kind of took those words and played with it. Yeah. But then I just started saying it. I didn't know that I was really one of the first ones. Probably maybe the first one doing a producer tag. Producer tag. Yeah. I didn't know it at the time 'cause I was just like, I was just trying to brand myself. So I was like, how, how they gonna know who did the record? So I was like, doc child. I was say it doc child. And then what happened was the artist started to say it. Yeah. So like Tony Braxton sang it and then Whitney said it and then Michael said it, Michael Jackson.


And then her said it like they just started saying it. So I was like, yo, I ain't gotta say it no more. Let them say it. I Love that. Now I gotta ask, now you just glazed over Michael Jackson. Talk about how you started working with Michael Jackson. How was that called? And and how was he in the studio? 'cause you were actually in the studio with Him. The greatest artist I've ever worked with hands down. Like, like, I ain't know I'm 21 years old. Mm. You talking about 21-year-old kid working with Michael Jackson. How Did, how did they call, how was that? How did he reach out? Oh, it called, it called, yo, this is real crazy. It called From a Dream. What It called, it happened from the dream. It, it happened from a dream. Oh. I was in my mom. How did you say that before? I was in my mom and dad's house on the couch. Took a nap And I had a dream. Literally had this dream that I was pulling up to the studio with glass windows And I saw Michael Jackson in the red shirt that, that red shirt with the black pants in the window.


I woke up from the dream, told my mother and father the dream I just had. The phone rings like 10 minutes later, lady by the name of Carol Bear, Seger calls. You probably don't even know who that is. She wrote, that's what friends are four. Okay. It's the older lady, whatever. She said, I had saved my name out at the time by Destiny Child. She goes, Rodney, I love this song you have out. I wanna know if you would love to come to my house and work this week. And I was like, I didn't even know who she was. She was like, I'm I'm working with Michael Jackson. I was like, where? She's like, Bel Air. I was like, I'm in Jersey but I'm out In Jersey. I'm going for real. I got on the plane And I stayed in the hotel until she called me. She called me on Thursday four days later and was like, can you come to the house today?


I'm like, yeah, I came. I kid you not, man. I'm pulling up the driveway. I look to the left. I see Michael Jackson in the window with the red shirt. Damn. Staring out the window. Wow. Just like, just like the dream bone. Wow. And I was like, nobody can't tell me God ain't real. Have You ever told him that? Did you tell him that? A Hundred percent. I literally, literally talk. I'm like, you know, he believes in stuff like that. Yeah. What did he say? What happened? He was like, yeah, that's, that was how it was supposed to happen. Is that how you said it? Like That's how it was supposed to happen. Mike's voice is actually deeper than that. I bet it hearing that that's all supposed to happen. You know, he a little deeper than that. Right. But it was true. Like, it like, like I just feel like God just went like, he showed me exactly how it was going to be. So I can have the story to be able to tell him one day how it was supposed to be.


And I want say envy is, it's glossed over, not glazed over. He definitely said, even though Michael Jackson deserves all the glazing 'cause he's the greatest of all time. It's glossed over, glossed over Jesus. It's crazy. Crazy. Now talk about MJ working with mj. How was that? Amazing? Well, he, he, he, he worked me hard, bro. He's, he's different. Like, he'd be like, he would call three, four o'clock in the morning, be like, can I hear, hear what you working on over the phone? And I'd be like, I'm actually not working right now. I'm actually trying to take a nap 'cause I've been up for 30 hours. No, but can you go to studio right now? Play like, he's like that. I get up and drive to the studio and play him. And Mike was so crazy with it that this, this was crazy. I would play something on the phone.


He'd be like, can you turn the high hats down three dbs and make sure they're paying to the left. Hmm. And I'd be like, really? He goes, yes. And I would be bugging And I, the only thing I could think of Right. Which is just crazy. Right. Michael Jackson was taught by Barry Gordy. Quincy Jones. Quincy Jones. Quincy Jones. Teddy Riley. Teddy Riley. So that school, I'm a part of that school now. Yeah. But dude was, he was incredible bro. Like, and, and a great person. Like you know, we, we used to bet, we used to bet DVDs. We play pool together. Mm. Bet DVDs. BET DVDs. I used to bet him, he beat me 'cause I scratch and we go shopping right here in Virgin Music store in to Square.


He Would walk in there with You, bro. He put the disguise on. We went, we went there and I had to buy the DVDs. A lot of people don't know this. I took Michael to Rucker Park In disguise, watch Basketball. No one knows this. When we did Rock My World, Michael kept saying we need to go to a club and, and test it out. Mm. And I was like, I was like, I got one better. I said, I'm gonna take this spot called Rucker Park, And I didn't let him get out the car, but I just wanted him to feel the energy. So I went to record park And I played the record and they was going crazy. They didn't know that Mike, the window was cracked the whole time. Yeah. They didn't know Mike was in the car. Wow. That's Crazy. We're still kicking in with producer Rodney Jerkins. He has his artist, John Keith with him as well.


Charlemagne. You know, you talk about Michael Jackson, you worked with him, you worked with Whitney, you worked with Brandy, Beyonce. What's something they all had in common in the studio that separated them from everybody else? Tenacity. You're talking about artists that focused on making albums, which is another art form that we've lost a little bit. Right. It wasn't about like just the single, it was about like how to make a great, a great album. I feel like a lot of 'em sometimes got caught up in trying to compete with themselves. Especially Michael. Yeah. Like he was overly trying to compete with himself. You'll never beat Thriller. That's How could you Yeah. You know what? Emini here, but he believed he would, if Michael was alive or was doing what he was doing in the streaming world, I believe he could have beat it.


Really? Yeah. I believe he could've beat it. But You know what's interesting with an album like Thriller or any artist, what are you trying to beat? Are you trying to beat yourselves or are you just trying to be better musically? I would think you just would wanna be better musically. I don't think so. Mm. I think someone like Michael got obsessed with knowing the numbers that he, that he did was so high that he wasn't competing against anyone else anymore. Musically. It wasn't a race with Prince anymore. It wasn't all Yeah, he's, he's like, I already beat you now I'm, I'm trying to beat me. Right. And he would say, I think there's a day where I could do a billion sales. That lets me know that he's racing for that. He's racing for a number. Wow.


And he had to, because in his mind he was like, how do you stay hungry? How do you stay when you are the greatest? Like, how do you get up for the fight? Like, you know, a lot of great fighters lose fights because they just can't get up for the fight anymore because they've done, that's why you gotta, you gotta give props to someone like a Floyd Mayweather. He gotta be like, yo, this dude stay hungry. Like, no matter what, he was super competitive. He was super competitive with me. Meaning like, he would challenge me and tell me like, yo, that producer over there, he's coming for you. He would tell me this. Like, I'd be like, you crazy. If you think he got a chance to get on this project, you outta your mind. That's how we talked. So he Liked that. Y'all ever hear the story about Jay-Z doing the summer jam, bringing Michael out?


Of Course. Which, but which Story heard mean? Yeah, We've heard stories, but What started? No, no. He brought Michael out at Summer Jam. Yep. Yep. That doesn't happen without me introducing him to Michael or break Down. Break it down. Jay-Z again. Jay-Z wants to meet Michael Jackson. So my man, big Chuck, big John, all of 'em call me like, yo, can you introduce Jayda Mike? I'm like, yeah. I got, I didn't even know Jay yet. I'm like, yeah, I got him. Bring him to the studio. That was the, actually, that was the first time I seen Jay kind of in a, just a very chill. Yeah. Like, yo, this is Michael Jackson. Yeah. Like, this is Michael Jackson. I introduced him to Michael. He had a great conversation. We talking, next thing you know, a couple months later he calls Michael to do Summer Jam.


Mike does it even 50 cent. It was just, I was introducing him to people that wanted to meet him and that he wanted to meet. Mike was a diehard 50 fan at the time. Like no other rapper mattered to Michael at 50 50 and Biggie. Can you imagine Michael Jackson Wild in the what up? Gangster. Damn. Yes. Listen, Low key. Yeah. From What Roddy Jackson say. Yes. I can imagine that. I'm, I'm interested in, I was gonna ask you about this, but I wanna ask you about it now. I'm interested in your visions, right? You just told us the vision you had about Michael And I, I heard the vision you had about Jay-Z. Yeah. Has Michael or Whitney visited you in, in any of your Whitney Used to sing at my dad's church in Pleasantville, New Jersey. A little church with 50, 50 people in it. Mm. Call me up one day. I think Charlamagne in a dream, but I know story Emini here.


The dream had one of your visions. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, Michael for sure. Michael for sure. Anything you wanna share or not? Not as much Whitney, but like, but Michael for sure just lied. It just be like, I'm back in the lab with Michael created and, and the crazy thing is, is when I've had that dream, which has happened a few times, it was something like musically incredible. And when I got up I couldn't remember what, what I was creating. Wow. But in the dream, it was like, whoa. It didn't sound like anything from here. Yeah. Now you was talking about Whitney coming to your dad's church. Yeah. Like, so me and Whitney bonded when I worked with her spiritually, we bonded and one day she just called me out the blue and she was just like, Hey, what you doing?


Dark child early in the early Sunday morning. I was like, it's like eight o'clock in the morning. What you mean? What am I doing? She goes, I wanna go to church today. And I was like, okay. And she's like, no, I wanna go to your church. And I was like, my church is like two and a half hours from Mendo, New Jersey. She was like, I'm on my way. And she pulled up to church. It was like, like she pulled up and she sang, she whispered in my ear. She was like, tell your daddy I wanna sing. Wow. What year Was this? This is like 1998 or nine. Wow. And crazy. She sang, hi it, but here, three months before she passed away, she called me up. I ain't talked to her in like probably five years. She called me, so I need to see you.


I said, what's up? She goes, we need to pray together. She's like, where you at? I said, I'm in, I'm at my studio in, in Hollywood. She goes, I'm on my way. Mm. She came all the way down from Newport Beach, wherever she was living at the time. Literally came in the studio and next thing you know, it turned into like a church service in the studio just three months before she passed away. Wow. So we've always had that, like somewhat of that type of connection. You Know how we always hear the conspiracy theory is like, you know, they'd be like, oh, bill Cosby was trying to buy NBC. Yeah. Michael's the only person I believe. They really, really tried to the railroad like that because of what he did with the, the publishing in the music industry. Talked About it all the time. He talked about it all the time. One thing I will say is that in the studio, he would always talk about how he, he lived in a certain fear And I used to always try to reel him in a direction like, yo, you only supposed to fear God, man, can't, shouldn't have you feeling like that.


No man should have you living in that space. But he lived in that space a lot 'cause he felt like he had something that was so valuable, which he did. He had something so valuable that people wanted, He owned like half half of Sony ATV's publishing. Right. Yeah. I think what people have have confused, I'm glad you said it that way 'cause I think people have confused the narrative. People for so long have said Michael owned the Beatles catalog. I heard that. Oh, Michael owned Sony. A TV. That's right. Wow. Which is Babyface, Mariah, the Beatles. Beyonce. Beyonce. Probably some of my catalog was in there. The music industry. Yes. Like Emini here it's, it's, you've got three giants. Right. At the time you had three giants and Sony was pretty much the biggest out three at that time.


And they did a deal with him that, you know, forever. He felt that they wanted back. Mm Mm And You, you think they threw all those cases at Michael because they wanted it back? I think it could have had something to do with it. I'm not gonna say exactly that, but it could have had something to do with it. But I believe none of it. 'cause I was around Mike all the time And I knew the kind of person he was. So I'm like, they really trying to kill his character. Yeah. I don't believe that. And he would say it like, he'd be like, they just don't, they just, they just can't stand that I'm the greatest. He would literally say that. He would literally say that. He just can't stand that I'm the greatest. How was his mind framed during that time? Did he feel like the culture, especially black people, supported him and loved him? Or did he feel like The World was turning against him Now?


I, I would say we started to surround him with that. Like if you look, there was a period where I think he didn't feel that. And I felt like he was like, I need this. Right. So there were certain people that he started to reach out to to put their arms around him and he started to feel that that's why he would do it a summer jam with Jay-Z. It was really like, he knew like, I need people to have my back of this. And then certain people did wrap their arms around him. Yeah. And as things progressed, the one thing I can tell you about Michael that I started to learn was his family was strong. Like his family. Like when they got together and wore all that white, they were wearing those white going into court each day. You saw that unity in a different type of life.


You like, oh yo, these Jacksons, they not playing around with this. They unified. And I think that helped him, even though he was like, probably going through it mentally weak and all of that. And it's tough when, you know, you pretty much own something that everybody wants. Yeah. Damn Man. So after all that, John Keith, what you got going on? Here's crazy. I ain't even ready to get to you yet. Go saying, got we gonna get to you. But you know, you gotta sit here and listen. We ain't have interview. I, I, I prefer that. I don't wanna, I don't wanna go after Michael. That's crazy. I got you. We're still kicking it with Rodney Jerkins and his artist John Ke Charlemagne.


Did you see Beyonce becoming to Beyonce? We now know Yeah. Back then. Yeah. A hundred percent from the first session. Say my name was our first session and then, you know, we worked together again. And when I got to Deja vu with her and Jay, that's when I really knew I saw the difference. Right. Because in the group, in the group format, she still was in the group. If you really look at Destiny Shout as the group, they never really showed her as the leader. You know how you have certain groups and you know, like that's the, that's the leader. No, they, it was kind of trying to position them somewhat like a boys men where they all could do their thing. Yeah. But we saw the leadership qualities when we worked with her. Right. But when I got to deja vu, bro, I remember playing her the demo, the deja vu for first time when the song went off, she was already telling me her visual for the visuals.


Wow. So she was like, this is how I see it, da da da. I'm gonna put Jay on it. Like she was telling, I was like, wow, this is, she remind me of so much of Michael was scary. Like at that time I was like, yo, she just came, she just came into her own like mic. Like she's now, you know, I could just see the elevation of of, of that, you know what Emini here, like really quickly, Besides Whitney and Michael Jackson, who is one of your best artists to work with. Like the timing, the fact that they're there all the time. They going grind it out. They're amazing. A vocalist. Who is that next person? Of course besides Beyonce, Probably Brandy. I would, I would think Why That now that's My girl. Yeah. Like take, take Us into a session with Brandy. Yeah. Well with Brandy was, it was, it was the regiment that she had that was interesting.


Right. Especially when, when I was doing, never say never, but Full Moon. Especially like she was playing tennis with Serena Williams before the session every day. Right. Which was interesting. Sounds crazy. Got so many stories. Got Yeah. She was practicing with Serena every day. And she would come in the studio, shout out to my man Paris Davis because he was the a and r, like a real a and r cat. Right. And he had her, he was the one that said, you need to be playing tennis. So he had her doing, had her playing tennis early in the morning. Come in the studio. John can tell you as an artist nowadays artists can do a song in one day. They done, they in and out few hours. That's it is done. We was doing songs. It was taking us three, four days.


We really working on backgrounds just on one day. I remember times when people, a lot of artists would actually be like, yo, Rodney, please let me, I'm tired. But I'm like, we ain't done. Like, it's not right yet until we get this thing right. We not done. Brandy was one of those artists that would go the full length and not complain about it. Mike would even sometimes complain, like, Rodney, I'm getting hos, like his vocal coach would call me. Seth Ribs would call me like, you working? You're working him too hard, rod you working too hard? And I'm like, yo, we're working on music. We working on a song, bro. Like that's what we do. How does That affect you now with, with these new artists? Right. Because they're not staying in the studio that long Hour two. So how do you still have that same conversation with a new artist and say, nah, I need you to come back.


I need you to stay longer. It's not happening. Happening. And then like you said, you'll be like, you used to be like, look, we are not done. So and your artists stay there 'cause they know the work and dedication is gonna make for great music. Yeah. You tell one of these, you know, new artists that they don't even know It. They don't even know what eight to 10 hour, 12 hour. There was times, you know, me personally, I stayed in the studio. People know, like, I wouldn't leave. Yeah. I'd be there two, three days straight. People, like, after three, four hours, they kind of like, yo, it's time to go. So the music is worse. I don't know when that, that shift happened. Exactly. I think like, maybe hip hop calls it, you know what Emini here, or maybe when we hear stories of like when Lil Wayne says, yo, I'm, I'm working on this album from the hotel.


It may have created a narrative like, yo, I don't need to go in the studio in the booth anymore. Mm. I could just do like, he did a record right out of his car that's fire. Like they, you know, maybe that's what happened. Like something, something had to shift. Technology. Technology. So if a young producer came to you right now and they was like, yo, how did I create my own brand? How did I create my own Beyonce in this era? Is, is there a blueprint for that? Didn't, didn't Jay-Z say like, if you made a made, made a make another hole. Yeah. There ain't no, ain't no blueprint. Right? You just gotta work hard and put the effort. If that's something that you really want to try to do. I just think, again, it goes back to you gotta study the craft, right? And, and, and, and go hard and see what you can come up with and, and, and be patient.


Because I think the thing is, everybody wants to quit the quick thing right now. Tomorrow we gotta be this tomorrow. Now. Like some stuff takes.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and forerunner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota Let's Go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank Na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


2, 3, 4 years. You gotta be patient, you know. Did you feel disrespected when you heard just H's rendition of the boy's mind? No, the job is mine. Nah. Jesse Lauren. Thank You Jesse. Lauren. When they did the, the rendition of the job Mind you needed. Nah, I was messing. I thought it was, I thought it was hilarious. No, but I thought it was hilarious. Yeah. Thank you. Need a little more. All the tool was set wrong. Next time, next time I call the producer, I'll get you straight. I'll get you straight next time. Alright, thank You. What, what was the one record that you were surprised took off the way that it was? It, it, it, it, it might've been that one The Boy's Mind. Yeah, because we were going through this battle when we did, when I was doing the Never See, never Project.


You understand? I was a kid, bro. Yeah. So there was, there was some people that didn't believe that I should do the whole album executive produced the whole album. I'm in there and I'm like, and I'm, I'm young, but I'm super confident like y'all are tripping. Like this is fire. And they was telling me, this is crazy. They were telling me at the end of the project, they were like, so yeah, we gotta go fly down Atlanta to work with JD to get a single, we gotta go then we gonna do Wcl to get a single. And I was like, in the studio, you kind of feel disrespected, especially when you've done like nine songs. You trying to tell me, we just did nine songs and, and you telling me I don't got the first single and this is my body of work that I'm putting my in And I don't got the first single. I swear on everything I love. I packed my bags up and went home from la I went back to, went back to Jersey And I said, y'all figure it out.


Damn. And then they called back and was like, oh wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah. I was like, y'all a trip. We got singles left and right. Just put them things out. Wait, what had you, the nine you recorded already? Huh? What were some of the ones you recorded already? Top of The World with Mace? Yes. Oh wow. Okay. The Boy's Mind. Oh wow. Which was early, early on in the project. Wow. Emini here. We had Angel in the Sky. We had di I had did pretty much everything. How Did the boy's mind, was that your idea and how did that come about? How did you get Them all together? The boy, the Boy's Mind's funny. I was just again at my dad at my dad's house And I was like playing this harp sound And I, I, I was like, nobody used a harp sound in urban music for own. But when they used, they used it one way. Chucky Thompson and different producers like Dave Hall back in the day and the Untouchables, they used the harp sound like it is called gliss.


Like it would come down like a GLIs I heard. And I, I like the sound of it. I was like, what if I made like rhythmic And I broke it up, like broke it into rhythm. So I just started doing it and my dad came down with a little tape record. He used to always have a little tape record be like, that's incredible. You gotta, you gotta lay that. And then I laid it down in Paris Davis Brandy's a and r he heard and we did it on, we we recorded on Brandy. And he was like, yo, what if we put Monica on this? And I, you know, at that time, Monica and Brandy, yeah, they all kind of didn't like each other. Right. It was definitely kind of, it was definitely a few between the two. And I was like, oh, that's never gonna happen. Knowing Brandy and knowing that's never gonna happen. He's like, nah, I think it could happen. Like if I could you on the phone with Dallas Austen.


And, and, And I was like, alright. And then next thing you know, it started to shape. And even when it came out, here's the thing, I wasn't surprised that it, that it was going to do well. I didn't know it was gonna stay number one for that long. It's like 13, 14 weeks number one. Like we did 16 million albums sold on that project. Damn. Wow. So like those type of things for my first, my second album was I did Genie Time, but my second album that I produced executive producer to do those numbers was kind of crazy. You know what's Crazy back then? Right? Like nowadays people manufacture the drama then try to do the music with that record. It was the song, the music. And then people started speculating about the drama after the fact. Like is there really a boy that they arguing over?


We know that they got beef with each other. So that's, and plus the video Emini Here, the fact you think about them doing the tour, right? They about to do a tour together. Yeah. Talking about like this Then why did they do a tour together 15 years ago? Right. You know what Emini here like, but you know, it's time if everything I get it. But like, dang, like man, imagine them doing the tour together 15 years. That would've been crazy. It would've been like baddies look for Badies. But this gonna be crazy though. They didn't get along. We still kicking it with Producer Rodney Jerkins. He has his artist John Keith with him as well. Charlemagne. Was there ever an artist you worked with who completely surprised you in the booth? Like somebody whose talent just hit different when they got on the mic? I think, I think, I think scissors is underestimated.


Like, like I think sometimes like artists will vocalize based on what's hot, on what's going on. When there's so much more there. They just not giving it because they don't have to. Right. I think there's a lot more there. Yeah. Like a lot, a lot of, a lot of times I'll be, when I work with Sizzle a lot of times I actually would get some brandy out of it. I be like, Hmm. It's kind of getting me like, dang look like some of the, some of the stuff she done, like something Randy might've would've done. But then like her runs Yeah. Just certain little things, just little nuances that I'm like, oh, that's something. But I don't know that she fully even yet knows that she can even go somewhere else. Right. I feel like she is one of those people that the more she does the work personally, like to improve her mental and emotional wellbeing, it is going to translate to the music.


And, and, and the question is like, well, at least for me, this is what I believe. I just believe that don't happen unless you find God. And I'm not saying she don't know God or had an experience with God, so don't, don't get that part twisted. But I believe like in order for us to mentally be at our best state is when we know God. Right. Right. Because the Bible says that he not the author of confusion. So, and you gotta have a sober mind. Right. Your mind gotta be on point. And that only comes from an understanding, a real understanding, a real relationship. I think people have twisted the narrative too much of religious or that's religion. What I ain't got nothing to do with nothing.


Yeah. It's relationship. Like what's your relationship like? I have a great relationship with my four kids. Right? I got two boys, two girls. I have a great relationship. I'm their father. I have a father, a heavenly father I have a great relationship with. It ain't religious. It's just like I know how to talk to him And I hear him speak to me as simple as that. Mm. So I feel like when you, when you have that relationship, it, it creates clear path for the things that you create and, and the things that you want to do. Can, can you work with an artist if you don't see God in him Right now? It's different for me. There was a time where like I would've been straddling that fence over and over again.


'cause I didn't look at, I didn't look at it for what it was. And I think over the last two years there's been a new birth that happened. Like, I get it now. I get it now. When Jesus told Nicodemus, he said, you gotta be born again. I get it now. Hmm. Like, and even Nicodemus. Like, what? Born again. What you mean by that? What you mean? Like after wound born? I, how does that happen? No, like born again in your spirit. Like you have to be born again. And so there's a lot of times people will call me all the time, yo, I want you, I just, I could show you. I just got a call to get in the studio with a, with an artist. And I was like, nah, I can't do that. I can't do the why.


It's just, it's not your why. I'm your spirit don't align with you. Now what I can do and what I will continue to do to speak what I believe is true. Hmm. So I had an artist one time, I had someone call me recently about a artist coming to my studio And I said, or when they leave Emini here, when I, if I do a record with them, it might not be the record they expect to do. They're like, what? I was like, yeah, I guess real over here. And I said, they would say, well how real is it? I said, well, every two weeks we do a thing called Worship Alive at my studio where we have kind of church in the studio. And I you you experienced it. And they're like, you do that? I'm like, yeah. Like it's really real. Like I want, I want to see people changed and you can't see people change unless you change.


And I'm a work in progress. I'm a work in progress. Y'all are absolutely, you all are right. We all are work in progress. We sin daily. So, you know, so, but I do, I believe that there's, I believe there's, there's hope for people. I believe I want see, I wanna see people's relationships for with their father, with their creator. So are are you a a I guess a a faith artist? Because I know you, the Aliens Alive is a faith label. Yeah. So I'm, I'm a Christian artist. Emini here. I I I was raised in a church, you know what I'm saying? My, my, my father is, he's a pastor now, but, you know, that's kind of new. But he's, he's always been in some kind of leadership in the church. But even like, you know, for me, like I only, I got, I got no hobbies. I do music and I'm a like, I'm a Bible nerd.


That's it. I don't, I don't, I don't do sports. I don't do, I don't do video games. Like that's it. You know what I'm saying? So yeah. Proudly, proudly a Christian artist. When my man What did you see in, what did you see in John that said, I wanna Work with him? Think he wanted to kill himself. When you get to a vulnerable state in your music, sometimes people, it goes over people's heads. And when I heard some of the things that he was saying, I was like, whoa. Like he's special. Like this, this, this dude right here is special, special. He just needs the right team with him. Mm. And and he keeps getting better. He's not just a, he's not just a a, a rapper, a singer.


Like he musician does all his music, produces everything. The whole nine. Like, he's a beast. But I, but I, I knew, I heard his heart in his music And I heard something that could, that was, that could penetrate the youth differently. My man John Ke June 27 got his project coming out and I'm super excited about, about his project. That's, we gonna get a song on too this morning Listening to a lot of fa base artists, you know, miles Minnick. Yeah. They got a real album album with him. What? So to my guy DJ Head, he put me on the miles a while ago And I like, he ain't even, and the funny thing, he didn't even tell me that Miles was a fate based artist. Yeah. He Just say, yo, listen to this. Yeah. Hit Is, is a big advocate of just, I'm saying putting it in front because, you know, people got a, there's a stigma about Christian artists, you know what I'm saying?


That they're a certain way that they, they gotta sound a certain way. And so like when, when you, you hear people that sound like Miles or sound like me or sound like Indie Tribe or no big deal, whatever, you know what I'm saying? Like, they're like, oh wait, hold up, this is Christian. And it's like It bro, you hear from all label, you're like, dang, I ain't know it was like that. Because the thing is, it's like those of us who do it well are not on a mission to make a genre of Christian music. Hmm. We're just making music and we're Christians, so we're not going to rap or sing about stuff that's not our life. You know what I'm saying? So like, but that's also why like, you know what he, what he said, like in my music, I'm always, I'm gonna tell you like yeah, I was struggling with, you know, the thoughts to, to take my life since I was 11 years old.


I'm gonna talk about that. And it's not gonna be the happy rainbows and sunshine, yo you know what I'm saying? When you get life with Jesus, everything is just good. And it's like, nah, like let's talk about real life because people live real life and you know, they don't, they don't understand what, what, what life with Jesus is. Like, you know what I'm saying? So it's like we, we've, we've fall in love, we, you know what I'm saying? We get angry. We what I'm saying, like there's all, there's all kinds of stuff that goes on and it's like, you know what I'm saying? If you making music that's Christian music and it's only worship and it's like, well if I'm, you know what I'm saying? If I'm, if I wanna listen to love songs, then I gotta go listen to the wildness.


Yeah. That's out there Right now I'm saying debauchery or whatever because ain't no Love songs that like can still be about, you know what I'm saying, A person loving another person, but from a point of view of someone who, who understands that these things are echoes of God, you know? And so, yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's me. But yeah, Emini here, me and Miles just just did something and then yeah. Well let's Play a record, man. What you wanna hear For me? Yeah. Oh man, I, I don't know what you, that's out. Put a record that's on the Charles all. Okay. We real radio side, we we can do club. It is a song with him and Miles Minute from the west in Project called Club. Do it. We'll get into it now, but Now we gotta close out with a prayer brother.


Man. Hey, what's up? God, no, I'm playing. Father, we thank you for this time just, you know, being able to sit down and talk, talk about things that you know, concern you because it all concerns you Father. So we just thank you for that. We thank you for, you know, open hearts. Just ask that you would plant any seeds that, that you, you know, wanted to plant during this conversation and that yeah, you would just be present with us the rest of the day. Name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Rodney Jerk is the legend, man. Congratulations again. Songwriters Hall of Fame. John Keith, Rodney Jerkins. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning David. This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community.


Yes you are a donkey To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Now to new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he Did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white up The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day? Donkey of today for Thursday, June 12th, Lil Duval's born day drop on a cruise bump for Lil Duval. Yes, we are not living our best lives right now. Okay? Because Donkey today is going to the director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, or maybe Donkey today should go to corporate media or maybe donkey today should go to we the people for being so preoccupied with things that have zero impact on our lives that we don't pay attention to all the grave dangers that are right under our noses.


Okay? If ignorance is bliss, I don't know why everybody isn't more happy, because I strive to be optimistic. I grew up on the sounds of blackness, baby, as long as you keep your head to the sky. But we also gotta be realistic about the things that are going on in The World. And yesterday, while you were busy watching AI videos of gorillas hosting podcasts, talking about fighting a hundred men, the director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, was releasing a video warning us of nuclear annihilation. I'm not making any of this up. Let's listen As we stand here today, closer to the brink of nuclear annihilation than ever before. Political elite and war mongers are carelessly fomenting fear and tensions between nuclear powers.


So it's up to us, the people to speak up and demand an end to this madness. What we must reject this path to nuclear war and work toward a world where no one has to live in fear of a nuclear holocaust. Huh? Am I the only person that finds this unusual? Am I the only person who saw this video and first had to determine if it was AI or not? But then once I realized it wasn't, it's real. It came from her Twitter account and all the so-called reputable news sources, the A BC news and M-S-N-B-C, Bloomberg Political NBC News. Everybody was posting about it. But after I watched it, I was left sitting there scratching my head wondering why was that just released on Twitter Tosi, you can't just post that like it's a regular reel and walk away.


This is how my algorithm is set up. Okay? I got a video of a black man sitting in the car with the caption in the nineties. They had us thinking Lil Kim was the biggest freaking bad boy whole time. It was Diddy, right? Then another video of Kai Sinat trying to help Drusky holler at Kiki Palmer. Then a post from Tyler Perry saying he made more black millionaires than any other studio in Hollywood from the BET awards than a video of Pastor Tore Roberts working out in the gym. Then a video of Lauren LaRosa walking around and just stockings and a Steve Harvey blazer. Then boom, tulsi telling us we all gonna die. I understand social media is the new way to communicate, but dear government officials, some messages gotta be packaged a different way. You can't drop this on the timeline and just walk off Tosi. Okay?


You are the director of National Intelligence. You know, things that we don't know. We have watched all these billionaires from Mark Zuckerberg to Bill Gates, to Larry Ellison all build these underground bunkers. Okay? I've been reading the About 'em for years, building these luxurious underground bunkers and they, they're doing it as a form of apocalyptic insurance. And here you got tulsi. Put a three minute and 31 second video on Twitter. I only played y'all about 51 seconds, but the video's like three 30. And she's telling us that political elite in war mons are carelessly fomenting fear intentions between nuclear powers.


I didn't even know what the definition of fomenting was. I had to look it up. Okay, Tosi, why are you using big words at a time like this? And for those who want to know, fomenting means instigating, stirring things up. Tulsi Just say that. Okay. Political elite and war mongers are instigating and stirring things up and they don't care because they have access to nuclear shelters for themselves and for their families. Okay, Tulsi, I know I'm stupid, okay? I tell y'all all the time, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I the strongest avenger. But correct me if I'm wrong, aren't you the political elite? You are the director of national intelligence. Okay? The principal advisor to the president, the principal advisor to the National Security Council and Homeland Security.


So you should be telling all the other political elite people you should be telling them and all the war mongers to stop, stop instigating, whatever has us on the brink of nuclear annihilation. Play the clip again. Red, please play it again one time for me As we stand here today, closer to the brink of nuclear annihilation than ever before. Political elite and war mongers are carelessly fomenting fear and tensions between nuclear powers. So it's up to us, the people to speak up and demand an end to this madness. We must reject this path to nuclear war and work toward a world where no one has to live in fear of a nuclear holocaust.


Tulsi, tulsi, tulsi, tulsi. You're the director of national intelligence. The reason I'm giving you donkey today is because what are we the people supposed to do with this information? Okay, see, this is what I be talking about. Government officials have one job when it comes to the American people, put money in our pocket and make us feel safe. We are supposed to be out here living our best life while y'all handle stuff like threats to nuclear, nuclear war. But yet we got the director of national intelligence telling us that we need to speak up and demand an end to this madness. Tosi nuclear war is too serious for a tweet and a call to action. Okay? A video on x and a call to action for we the people to Just say, stop. That's all it takes is for us to reject this path to nuclear war and work toward a world where no one has to live in fear of a nuclear holocaust.


Well, tulsi, I can assure you, none of us want that. Okay? We don't have to reject it. We never wanted it to be an option in the first place. But I guess you know now it is. And you want us to fix it. Please give Tulsi Gabbard, the director of National Intelligence, the biggest heehaw Tosi. I need you on somebody's TV network this morning. Okay? You have to explain this. Tell us what you know. Okay? If someone is planning to let a nuke fly, it is your job to tell The World. Don't give us half the information. Tell us what's going on. Dammit. Okay? Give us time to repent for our sins. Okay? People wanna get baptized, give me time to make peace with some people.


Okay? Laura LaRosa gotta get the pants for the rest of the outfit. She wore the BET awards. Oh my God. Okay. You can't just walk up to me tulsi and say you going to die and walk away. No. Excuse me ma'am. I got some questions. She said all we have to say is stop. We just stop. What the hell does Lauren LaRosa not have it on no pants. That's all you caught. He awards have to do with this. See, that's the problem. That's all she caught. See she only caught, she didn't catch the nuke. I didn't catch the dodge. She ain't catch the stop. She ain't catch the, we about to. It's over. I did. All she caught was Lauren Roses didn't have any pants on at the BT wash. No, no, no. He's supposed to be, this is a a a teachable moment. This you're supposed to be teaching us that it was a public service announcement.


A big, This is a teachable moment Announcement. Right? The teachable moment is, And you could still think about Lauren not having on no damn pants. Well listen and we just got threatened with nukes. Well, okay, we don't need a nuke, but we do need a missile to hit her closet. That's It. Tell you know what, I'm not talking to you So she can have nothing else. Well, she can start a new, she can crazy. She start a new, Oh my God. Shout out the Romeo Hunt. I, I cannot Who that is. That is the designer that she wears all the time. The black owned designer. Absolutely. Very much given. Shut up. Alright, thank you for that dunk of The day. He built the roof. He didn't give her a foundation. And you can't build a house with just the roof. You got to start with the foundation first. Oh my goodness. The Romeo Next time Foundation pants in the roof.


Oh my god. Boom. Oh my, everybody wins. All right, all right. All right. Salute the lawn. La So now Charlamagne, thank you for that donkey today. Up next. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you have relationship issues or problems just to help you, call her up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Help me. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix It, fix my, Fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix your mess because my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. Hello. Put your phone on. Take it off Bluetooth and speaker please. Sure. What's your Hello For Jess mama. Hi, how are you? This is Tiffany. Hi. What's wrong girl? Hi. So I have a boyfriend that I've been dating for about two years, And I feel like he's insecure. He calls me in the morning when I wake up asking me am I getting ready for work. I'm like, I'm getting ready on my way to work. He wanna talk to me during work. He's calling me, he's telling me to call me when you get off of work. Okay, I'll call him. I'm off. He like, call me when you get home. I made it home. Call me before you go to bed. I'm like, I don't have to talk to you 10 times out the day.


Now are y'all long distance while I don't see each other? No, We see, we do see each other. This is what I'm saying. I see him and I'm like, do we have to talk this much? No, listen, I'm, I'm, I understand both ways that I understand him because look, it's like you, you my girl, I wanna know what you doing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Every move may sound a little creep, but it's like, yeah, you, you the person, if we don't live together, I'm definitely, I wanna keep that, that line of communication open. He can just may be really in love with his girl. And I understand your side too. It's like, God damn, I eat, sleep, breathe you like, it's like, give me, I still have to, to have a life myself. Right?


Absolutely. And I don't want everything to be my boyfriend, my man, my man, my man. Have you talked to him about this though? Like, have you said like, babe, I I I feel like it should be a compromise. Like, yo, all right, maybe not the whole day, but I'll call you when I, when I wake up in the morning and I'll call you when I get off of work and then we can talk at night before I go to bed. Right? Like, are you laying that Down? Like that's what I, that I say that all the time. He gets offended. Like he be in his feelings like, oh really? Like you don't wanna talk? I'm like, it's not that I don't wanna talk to you. Like I I'm listening to The Breakfast Club the morning stop calling me while I'm on my way to work. Yeah. It's not go peace time. Yeah. Like I do think it is something that may have happened to him before in one of his previous relationships where, you know what Emini here, it, it wasn't, his communication wasn't always like that.


He may have not, he may not have had access to one of his exes and sure he was doing something messing around or something like that. He don't want that to be the case here. But you can't pay for that. So I don't know. It you, you can't keep on talking to him all day every day. You either gonna have to leave this man alone or you going, going to really have to put those boundaries in place. Like, yo, I'm not talking to you all day. It's just not gonna happen like that for me because then he is gonna run you away. Right. And then you are gonna start like, but that's what's happening. That's exactly what's happening. Well leave, I'm sorry, leave Jess. Is that a problem though? That she don't want to talk to her man like that? That's Not a problem. And the reason why it's not a problem is because you still have to have a life for yourself.


That's how I am. When Chris is on the road, we don't have to talk all day First. Well, he might call you in the morning, say good morning first. Yes. First he might call you. What you Doing?


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that, let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles, according to Kelly Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank Na and the Wells Fargo Foundation Today.


Right, right. When we first got together, yes, we were on the phone every day, all day, you know, and then it get lonely in that truck. They be wanting to drive Emini here. You wanting to talk to somebody while they driving? It passes this time. But you still need to to be like a little independent because it, it is gonna come a time where I can't talk to you every day. You know what Emini here, like, nah. Right. And then what you going to do? You gonna think I'm automatically doing something because we broke this, this pattern that's now a daily routine. Like no, he has to be able to not ha not talk to you. Right. And I'm trying to get him to understand that like we can have a healthy relationship without talking all day, every Day, every day. Are you a loyal person though?


Like are you, are you loyal? Yeah. I'm not cheating or anything. I'm, I'm faced with him. It's just like sometimes I just my me time and that's how I'm designed. Like, And if he can't, I don't wanna and can't. And if he can't respect that, then he ain't the one for you. I'm serious. If he can't get out of his own way or you know what, Emini here, like he, he just not the one for you. That's it. You just gotta protect your peace. You gotta have peace. Don't even live with you when he doing that. Like Jess is absolutely right. My wife will tell me when she need me time. Yeah. And sometimes you don't even have to say it. If you've been together long enough, you just do. You'll Know, know, you'll know. That's right. So yeah. No, that's not healthy boo. Absolutely. Yep. Thank you. No Problem. Good luck mama Suit. All the women out there dating truck drivers that let their truck driving. Husbands have me time man the lot lizards appreciate you.


Who are you talking about? Because no, that is not talking about, that's not even what's happening over a lot. Lizards up in Chris truck. It ain't none of that. I wasn't talking about that. And her man is not even a, a, a truck driver that Was just shouting out truck drivers. It was just random. It had nothing to do with nothing. Hello? Who's this? Hello? This is the carryon. What's up brother? What's your question for Jess? What's up? Hello? I was calling because my girlfriend, she really just don't support my music career. She telling me that choose the music or her That she risk she telling you to choose the music or her? Yeah. How long you been doing music? I've been doing music for about five years now. Five years, okay. Where are you from? I'm from Detroit.


Mm. Spit. So. Oh boy. Spit Some. Yeah. I don't want nothing too long. No, they call me. I take them And I hang them. I really don't like black. That's why I take 'em And I hang them. She said I'm going crazy like Kanye. That's 'cause I got girls from the west that do what I say. Okay. Just A little. All right. And that was free. You freestyled that. You ain't write that? Yeah, that was off the brain. Okay. Nah, that was a freestyle. His girl must be ugly as shit. Why you say that? He choosing these whack ass raps over his girl. Oh No. That was just a freestyle. No, I'm sure you sound I'm better than that. What What?


What's some of your written stuff? Yeah. Y'all put me on the spot. I know that's, that's fine. And you, and you delivered those three bars. Well basically You just mess with 'em. Just no real music. For real. All right. Listen, this, this is what's happening. Just high. No, I'm not. I'm not. This is what's happening. Right. You ain't going nowhere with it. Then she probably like, yo, Look, she Be choosing, she be choosing little Dirk over me. She's like, can you please turn this off? I just want to hear Lil Dirk. Right. I don't Blame It. Right. Because we know Dirk and, and Dirk, Dirk Pen is crazy too. Emini here. You know we, we like to listen to Dirk. It is. That's the thing. But I, I better choose up or little or something. The defendant, they gonna know who Lil G is.


Well, maybe you gotta leave her to pursue your career. And then, and, and you, you gotta make her a believer too. But the only way to do that is leave her alone and go and pursue the music. Or you leave a music alone and pursue your girl. 'cause both it don't work. 'cause see that's probably why you haven't really blown yet. 'cause you, you know, Trash Y Yeah, but also you're battling, you probably wouldn't be trash if you gave all your attention to your, your music. You hear this? This man, I think this man. Yo, I'm be what? What happened? What he saying? Listen to what he saying. What? What's your girl Instagram? You said what? What's your girl Instagram? I really gotta see her Babe. Charle. Man, you can't take my ball. Huh? You can't Take my ball.


He rapping. He rap. That's how they talk. What? You can't take my ball. Like that's the girl don't want your ball. I'm in the game. Take my Ball. I don't want your ball, bro. Okay. All right. Yeah. Give it up bro. Yeah, you need to pick up a ball. Rapping is not, is not it. So getting the sports, I'm only five six going do something. I'm only five six man, I can't hold. Alright. Go learn a trade man. Yeah. Something. You gotta do something. If you want your girl, do you want your girl or do you want the music? Like you gotta ask yourself that and proceed accordingly. I really want both. Emini here. JC got Beyonce and Little Dirt got India. I figured it way You can hang the Hood.


Need more welders man. You got killing welders. H Engineers. Lot of Kings. Our communities need, we don't you Gotta hear my song. That was just a freestyle I can on Yeah, Go Ahead bro. Imagine rapping like that. Then wondering why your girl wants you to choose either her or the music. It's like What? You are not even good. Damn. They ain't freestyle. And then you gotta be so mad when he say, I can't give this up for you baby. What? Damn you, you how you, how the young boys be like little lil fine. She must be a little ugly. Alright. Alright. When we come back, we got the latest with Lauren.


Don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's the EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on Lord the Latest with Lauren LaRosa. Sometimes she Have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of Everything. Well, it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Okay guys. So yesterday I got a tip from Michelle Shout out to at Alien, a blog out of Atlanta that Porsche Williams one in divorce court, a judge ruled to enforce her prenup with her ex Simon Wia.


Yes. Yes. Now that is a huge deal because they've been going back and forth over several things, including the home that she currently lives in. The, the car, the Rolls Royce. So I reached out to another source, close to the court to figure out, okay, if she won and the judge gonna enforce a prenup, what does that mean and what does she get? So I'm told that Portia will get alimony, which will be 40 K per month for about 14 to 15 months. All her legal fees will be paid. She'll receive the Rolls Royce that he brought. All her attorney fees will be covered. I said that already. And the home, right, that the house has been in questioned. Now there's a little bit of the clauses with the home. So there's one or two things that can happen. So Porsche has, from 2024, which is when they end it to 2027 to decide whether she's gonna stay in the home and it's a $7 million home.


And in order to stay in the home, she's gonna have to refinance to basically buy Simon out of his portion because he does get 50% of the equity in the home or she can sell the home. Now the issue with the home and why it's been such a big conversation from what I'm told is that it was a premarital property. So he actually bought the home with his own money, Simon for what I'm told before they entered into the marriage. But at, at this point, she has these three years to figure out what she wants to do and stay in the home while she figures it out. And while she's in the home, he also, Simon is responsible to cover all of the expenses. So mortgage, any expenses that come, is the House paid off? Is it paid in full or no? No, it's A mortgage. Okay. It's not paid in full.


So he has to cover all of the expenses while she's there. And I'm also told that Simon is exploring the options of an appeal. And he has 30 days to file this with the court. Now Simon does none of that. What could happen to him? 'cause he can't come back to the country. It's not like they can bring him back and arrest him. Right. What do you Mean by he does none of that? So if he says, you know what I, I'm already you, you already deported me. I'm in, I'm in Africa or I'm in Dubai. I ain't gonna do nothing of that because you can't arrest him. Oh you mean like he's not gonna appeal for the Home? No meaning if he doesn't pay the mortgage, if he doesn't wanna get none of that stuff that he's supposed to be paying, he just says, you know what, I'm out Emini Here. He still legally would have to go through whatever the consequences for that is. And also too, he still has his defamation lawsuit on the other side with Porsche. So he's still Emini here.


He ain't hiding like he's still actively going through things and he plans the appeal. So he ain't about to hide. So he'll just have to deal with the consequences. All I know is Simon would give all that up to have American citizenship and that ice cream sandwich we call Capital P back. Okay. He salute the Porsche Williams. Do not know that. AKA young honey bun. That's what we call him baby. All right. Capital P cleaned up. Okay. Mr. Goldbar probably bit off more than he could chew and was probably like Yeah, that's a big bite. I am capital P. Yes, I'm going back Home. Yes. At time. Yes. And I'm told, 'cause I asked 'em like what was their vibe in court? I'm told they didn't even speak to each other directly. They just let their counsel speak through each other and they could have if they wanted to. And they were in court all day nine 30. Were They on Zoom or something?


They were on Zoom, yes, they were on Zoom. But they could have done a breakout room on Zoom if they wanted to have a conversation. They didn't though. Nine 30 to 7:00 PM and as Simon walked away pissed. Damn sure. Alright. What time was it in Africa? I don't know. It was time for him to get ready to pay that 40 KA month. That's what time it was. Hey. Damn. So in other news, speaking of GI Dame Dash, a judge has ordered Dame Dash to hand over full ownership of several of his companies and fem copyrights to pay off a debt from a lawsuit. Yeah. Yes. So shout out to all hiphop.com and grouchy Greg who broke this story. So y'all remember we were talking about like the money that Dame Dash owed? There was a ton of different things.


Yes. Child support. There was like a, a, a lawsuit between him and a filmmaker named Josh Weber. So the taxes and all that stuff. Remember they did the auction and they were trying to figure out how they were gonna pay each other. So a part of that was this filmmaker's lawsuit and the auction went down. Dame Dash lost his one third stake in Rockefeller. But this filmmaker was not paid. There wasn't enough money to cover the debt that Dame Dash allegedly owed to him. Right. So there's a little over $800,000 that is due. And a judge is basically saying that Dame has to give up several companies, including Dash films and copyrights to several movies, including Honor Up and Too Honorable in order to get this paid. What About the network? The American New Network That is not listed on here. It is Dash Films. Blue Rock, LLC, BlackRock, LLC, interest in Lebanon, LLC, ocean's East Improvements LLC in 1996 Song.


So un unless that network is under one of these companies, but that wasn't specifically named in the document. What was that $8 million number I saw floating around? It was any 800,000. Oh, I saw that too. But I thought I saw something else. But That's from, remember there was a huge amount of money he owed because of child support, because of this lawsuit. Like they're And Taxes too, right? Yes. That was all combined, remember? But they tried to sell it off in the auction. But it was like first come first, not first come first. They had to figure out the picking order of who was gonna be paid what This filmmaker was not paid from that. 'cause there wasn't enough money to go around. So now they're asking for these companies. They're asking for the rights to these movies. And what they're gonna, the government is gonna do is they're gonna do another auction and they're trying to pay this man from this film with this auction.


Mm. And whatever's left over will go back to Dane Dash now Dane Dash has until June 16th to make the auction not happen by filing an objection. Yeah. Monday. Yeah. I I seen June 16th. He got until Monday. Yes. Yeah. I, I seen everybody laughing And I, And I would say this, you don't laugh, Don't laugh, learn, don't laugh, laugh, learn. Right. And I told you guys years ago, Charlamagne and myself said a long time ago, entrepreneurship is amazing. Right? But it's hard. But having a job is not a bad thing. Stability ain't a weakness. It could be a strategy. So don't think if you have a job, you can't be an entrepreneur as well. You can do both. Like I said, stability is not a weakness. It's a strategy to do the things that you want to do. And don't laugh at Dame Dash you, you can learn from It.


And I will say salute everybody who was in motivated by the interview Dame Dash did up here on The Breakfast Club 10 years ago. 10 years ago. But you know, when you talk about being your own boss, when you talk about ownership, all those conversations are great. But Dame never really gave a blueprint to do it. You know? And I wonder for those who are inspired by that convo 10 years ago, how do you feel now seeing the situation Damon's in? Or do you just take the message and not listen to the messenger? Because I think over the last decade there has been a lot of people who have told you how to do it. Correct. Yeah. As opposed to just telling you to do it. Right. It's one thing to say, be your own boss. Quit your job. You don't need to work for nobody. You know, your boss is your daddy. My son sells cookies. All of that is cool. But you know, you still have to give like a blueprint on how to do that.


Oh yeah. Of, And I think over the last decade we've, these conversations of financial literacy grow in our communities and people have given you some blueprints, great Conversations. But like, like you said, it's, if you don't know how, just you have to learn and, and sometimes being stable, it's not a weakness. Right. Getting your, your monthly check and having health insurance is not a weakness. It should be a, a, a strategy to get to where you Need to be. I listen to people who actually have successful businesses. Correct. You know, we, we have a, a genre of people who are making money, telling people how to make money. But the thing is, that can't be, that can't be the business. But the thing is, you, you, you gotta feel, you gotta know who's really doing it. Right. Because we all thought Dame was really doing it. Right. That's why I Love John O'Brien. Then you hope you see John O'Brien. That's right. And then you see things like, like when I seen TD Eie the other day and he was talking about, you know what I jumped on a spirit flight from That's right.


LA to Vegas to get to the show. Right. It only cost me $99. If I flew private it would've been 12,000. He's got it. But he's smart With it. Hey John Hol Bryant, Don Peebles. Cheryl McKissick, Tyler Perry. I'm listening to people who actually have businesses. You know what I'm saying? Who can tell me how to build that ho Yes. I don't like, I I I tried, I didn't want to say Tyler Hol just 'cause they the entertainers. That's why I said Cheryl Don. And, but A lot of 'em came from John O'Brien first me seen Hove, where he came from and what he's done. So absolutely. Tyler Perry the Same. And I feel like that just a stab saying Hove right now at a time like that. Oh, Daniel, I didn't even think about it like That. Yeah, I think you Say it again Justin. I didn't. Damn. I didn't. Alright. Did they say anything about the cookies? Yo, shut up man.


That is the latest with, Seriously. That is the latest with Lauren. I, when we come back, we got the People's Choice mix. Don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Your chicken out. The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Now we got a salute to Rodney Jerkins for joining us this morning. Man. Salute to Rodney Jerkins. Man. Doc child. One of the super producers of our generation. He's getting inducted into the songwriters Hall of Fame. That's Right. He also brought his artist John Keith with him as well. His new album comes out June 27th, is called Grow Wing. So Salute to Rodney Jerk is a man. He produced so many records, man. No, so many records was from Michael Jackson to Whitney Houston to Brandy Destiny Child.


A Boogie with a Hoodie. It was so many George. And then he Was so young during all that. That's right. That's crazy. He young now. But I'm just saying he was so young. Working, working with all them old legends like that. That's right. I forgot to ask him about the resurgence of that Tamia song that, that everybody do. The line, the name of that song Can't get enough. It enough. Yeah, he produced that as well. Sure Did. I can't wait to see you guys. I think Atlantic City is almost sold out for Vibes Cartel. I think they have like maybe 20, 30 tickets left. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. We have an amazing time out there in Atlantic City. You're gonna be in Pittsburgh this weekend, Right? I am gonna be in Pittsburgh tomorrow and on Saturday. Y'all can meet me at the improv. The shows are selling out guys. I will be doing Meet and greet. The last show of each night. We got two shows tomorrow.


Two shows Saturday. Get your tickets right now@jessofficial.com Buffalo. Next week I will be there Friday and Saturday. I'm coming right up the street y'all. So get y'all tickets. Jess official.com. Y'all can meet me at Helium. Then Monday, Monday, June 16th, the More Love Foundation presents. Dad's on the green. So we're honoring 50 fathers and Baltimore at the top. Golf, make sure you come and get your drinks. Food giveaways, good music. And also shout out to Fulton Bank. Can't wait to see y'all. 50 dads the day after Father's Day. There you go. Now Charlamagne, you got a positive note. I do have a positive note and it's really simple, man. Learn from the mistakes of others. 'cause you can't live long enough to make them all yourself. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches.


Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Can't Afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed. Just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.