
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I wanna Take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand Up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman, and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream now. Pay Neville. Good morning. USA. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlamagne The guy. He's to the planet this Friday. Hey, what's happening? How y'all feel out there? Yes, I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning. Thank God It's Friday. How you feeling, Jess? I feel good. Guess what y are what? What, what all, first of all, let me ask y'all. Y'all doing good for Friday? Less Black and Holly favored? Yes. Listen. So last night, right, me and Chris getting it in, right? All right. Now y'all know I told y'all I have not been able to make milk. Like I stopped making milk like, like a month and a half ago.


Right. So I've been upset. 'cause I know that formula That's, that's not milk that No. Okay. Sorry. Listen, it is what's crazy is right outta nowhere. You know? You know how you, oh no. This is milk. So this morning I just grabbed a pump. Yo, why did I pump three ounces this morning? Wow. Yes. I was like, where? Saying I get Something from my oatmeal. What? Why you get something from my oatmeal? Mom ain't drinking it no more. Yes, she is. She is. Oh, I thought she the formula. I, I did. But you can go back. I gave her some more. Yeah, you can go back. I'm, I don't see why I can't. Why you can't? I don't know. I'm just asking Because, because you know, sometimes when formulas you try a formula and it don't work, you just try another one. So I figured, you know, she can just go back.


But she's still gonna steal the formula. I didn't like pump a whole lot, but I just pumped three ounces. What happens? You've been smoking weed and Absolutely drinking. I don't know if you Can not drinking. I haven't drank since. I only drink on the weekends when I do my shows. But yeah, you can smoke. I don't know about that. Well, The lungs are not connected to the city at all. So you straight. Okay. Alright. I'm with you. I'm so happy. I was like, oh, congratulations. Glad you got that milk out. Yes. Y'all want drop on a food barn for Chris's penis? Man, what? Chris's tongue. It was Chris' Tongue that got it out. Yeah. Oh, Yes. That's dope. Yes. Now we found something like he was Drinking from the nipples, so it was like, okay, we Go. But shout out to Mexicans. Boy. Mexicans are the best when it comes to Agriculture.


Yes. And Lache. Yes. Lache is milk. Oh my goodness. Yes. Yes, man. Oh man. Well, salute to the Brooklyn. That's last night I took my son Jackson to the game. And I tell everybody, if you have a bunch of kids, numerous kids, you should do something special with each kid. Hmm. Make them feel special. So last night was, that's what's up. I took Jackson to the game last night. The Brooklyn Nets got washed though, but mm, we he still had a good time. The experience of driving to the game and, and driving back to the game. Yeah. You let him drive. No, he just, you Just was teaching him how to ride a bike. This is crazy. Me driving to the game with him. Driving with me. Damn. So it, it was, it was a great experience. I seen Trey Young last night.


Oh, that's what's, Trey Young got busy. He, he, after the game, he came up and said he listens to the show a lot and Salute to everybody sends his love to everybody up here. So that's Salute to Tre, Salute to Trey Young. But, you know, the sad part is, and I'm sure we'll talk about it on front Page News, on the way to the Nets, every report was talking about that helicopter crash. Horrible man. So, you know, my son was, you know, it is, it is. For people who don't know, I'm sure Morgan will reported in front page news. Yeah. There was a helicopter crash in New York City yesterday. The Whole family, Man, whole family Five passed away. And the pilot, they were tourists. And I'm sure Morgan will give you, give you updates. But I'm talking to him and talking to a 10-year-old. He was like, dad, if that was me, I would dive in the water. I'm like, yeah. I'm like, no you wouldn't. He's like, nah, I would take my seatbelt off And I would've did that.


I'm like, shut up. Aw. But yeah, so I'm sure she'll fill us in the front page news, but we got some special guest joining us this morning. We have Anthony Anderson and Marsai Martin. Yeah. They'll be here. A New Movie. G 20. Yeah. That's on Amazon Prime video right now. It's, it's, it's good to see them reunited. Especially being that we all know them from Blackish. Yes. But now they're in this movie. That's right. And then we got The World Boss. That's right. Big Mont. I don't know what accent that was. Big, Big Mont. Big Mont. I don't know. Vibes Cartel will be joining us, ladies and gentlemen. Of course. He's performing all over the country. I know he's doing New York two nights. I know. He's in Miami at Fort Lauderdale. So we gonna be kicking with Vibes Cartel. I've been flying a lot the last couple of weeks. And everywhere I go, whenever I meet a Caribbean person, they're like, you gotta have Vibes Cartel on the show.


Because we just had Beanie Man on a couple weeks ago. Correct. And they like, you gotta have vibes on, you gotta have vibes on. Because they knew he was coming to New York for this show this weekend. That's Right. Like the whole African thing. We just had DeVito too. He's Caribbean. He's Caribbean. Oh, wow. Jamaican. Yep, yep, yep. See that's why you couldn't work Ice Black. That's exactly why you couldn't work for Ice. Right, Mike? Oh My Goodness. You just rounding everybody. You getting wrong? Anybody with an accent? You want see this? This is exactly why I'm so sorry. I love Africans and Caribbean Bull. All right, well let's start the show with some vibes. Cartel. He'll be joining us in a little bit. Front page news is next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning. It's a Friday. That's Vibes cartel. He'll be joining us in a little bit. That is how you start Saying TikTok on that record, right? Yeah. TikTok. TikTok. Yo y owe that man royalties.


You know, that's why they got the name for they app. You kids didn't know that, did you? Mm. They got the name for that app from Vibes Cartel people. I don don't If he ever thought of that. No, that's, that's a fact. That's not a fact. That's that a fact. But let's get, why can't it be a fact's 2 25 if I wanted to. Let's Get some front page news. What's up Morgan? Hey y'all. Good morning and Happy Friday for the most part. But you know, there is some devastating news as you guys mentioned. So first, first up on the front page, tragic news to report in New York. Officials are confirming six people have died after a helicopter crashed into the Hudson River in New York City. The victims have been identified as Augustine Escobar, president and CEO of the technology company, Siemens, in Spain.


His wife, their three children, and the helicopter pilot Now New York City Mayor Eric Adams. He is speaking out after the tragedy. And he also made the grim announcement. Let's take a listen to New York City Mayor Eric Adams. At this time, all six victims have been removed from the water. And sadly, all six victims have been pronounced deceased. Three adults and three children were on board. A bell, 2 0 6 helicopter that had left from the downtown Skyport, just about 3:00 PM We're praying for the families and our gratitude to the rescuers and the courage that was displayed in their dedication.


So Sad. And so this is something Yes, absolutely. Just devastating. This is something that is actually impacting New York and New Jersey because the bodies were pulled from the New Jersey side of the water. Now, Adams went on to say that the victims were a family visiting from Spain. They were on a tour. And witnesses say the chopper broke apart before it went down and overturned. I'm sure you guys have seen the videoing online and Just, no, I haven't. And I don't know why the media, people on social media keep reposting that video. Why? I kept saying the headline, the moments of the helicopter crashing into the water. Why, why, why? I won't see that. Yeah. So New York governor Kathy Ho, said in a statement that she's joining all New Yorkers and praying for those who have lost their lives. President Trump also released a statement on social media regarding the crash, saying it was a terrible helicopter crash in the Hudson River.


Looked like six people, the pilot, two adults, three children are no longer with us. He said the footage of the accident is horrendous and God bless the families and friends of the victims. He went on to say that Secretary of Transportation, Sean Duffy and his talented staff are on it. And announcements as to exactly what took place on how and, and how will be made shortly. So as the president mentioned, and of course you guys know that an investigation into the crash is ongoing and there is a it, the cause of that accident is, is, is has not been released as of yet. So I Can't wait to know what the cause is, but definitely horrible, horrible situation. Praying for that family. I wouldn't wish something like that on my worst enemy, man.


Three young kids parents, knowing there's nothing you can do in that moment. Is that as that helicopter is going down, if there's a heaven, I pray all of them walked in together, man. Absolutely. You know, they're trying to pass legislation now that will ban a lot of those tourists, helicopters. 'cause they're saying that, you know, well maybe the airspace should only be for travel and commercial and not for those tourist things. But regardless, Emini here, I did the tourist helicopter before I took my kids on, on that, on that, that, that same helicopter path. It went right up to the George Washington Bridge by the Empire State. I did that before too. So it's very scary. Like Charlemagne said, you know, condolences and you wouldn't wish that on anybody. Has that happened before? Has has that? I've never heard of a helicopter. Like A, like that one in particular.


Yeah. Not that I Know of. But you know, it seems, it seems like we're seeing, seeing an influx of aviation accidents regardless of, of what's going on. You know? So it's just, just sad to see you. I don't think we can get used to that. You know what, Emini here, so, oh yeah, I'm looking at it now. It says there's been no mention of any prior crashes involving this particular, what is it called? A Bell 2 0 6 L four Long Ranger. Yeah. That's the type of helicopter it is. Yeah. But you know, they do those tours all day long. Like if you ever, like, they all day long they do tour nonstop. So it's, it's very sad. Alright, well that is front page news. Thank you Margo. We'll see you next hour. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla man. Dany, what up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now. Here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello. Who's this? Good morning DJ Envy. How are you? What's Up brother? How you feeling? Good. This is just hilarious. You here. I'm here baby. What's up? Hey, this, what's going on? What's going on?


Charlamagne Mac, God, Peace King. What's the word? He my brother, please. My brother. Listen, I have a question for you. Shala. Mene. Yes sir. Do you think that African American black people have enough of our own resources to do for Elle and depend less and less on government? Trump, Paris, Biden, Republican, Democrat. Okay. But like, we have enough to really pull together, pool our resources and do for ourselves. Yes, we do. This is the way I feel. Yes, we do. And we've always had enough and every single, you know, elder before us has, has let us know that from Marcus Garvey to the Honorable Elijah Muhammad to Malcolm X to Minister Farrakhan.


Yeah. Yes. We, we absolutely have more than enough. And we've, we, we've built, we've built, we've built our own communities and had our own way before when we, when we had I guess what you would perceive as less or at least less things Yeah. In government that were for us. And that's my point, is that I feel like when we had less from quote unquote society and depend on ourselves more, we were better as a community. So yes, I a hundred percent agree with you. We, we, we, we In that same spirit, Charlemagne and Guy have one last question. Yes sir. Have you watched my trail yet, Sir? No, but I saw you tag me last night. Well, I, no, I saw you leave a comment on something and told me to watch.


Yeah. It was somebody paying a comment on, listen, Listen, show money Mr. Show money ig I'm almost done. Listen, I don't believe in, you know, get on here And I save my cash ass. You know, my dog died, my leg broke. I've, I've done all that I can on my own, but I need a little bit more of a PORs or pleaser. You can just, you know, miss the show money on id. It's a different show. It's not about, I'll tell you one thing that I, I think it makes you watch, it's not about drug bill. No. I almost played It is about street. You left a comment on Porsche's page and, and Yes sir.


And I, And I And I actually went through your ig I don't know why I didn't press play. I think I was in the bed sleep. But you, I'm about to go to sleep, You know, press play. Yeah, I can follow brother. Come on. You know how it's dope. I'm gonna look at it today. You got my word. Or at least that's sometime this weekend. Have a good weekend, Brother. Hello. Who's this Dj? Dude, What's up dj? Dude, get it off your chest. Big shout out to the whole, the whole crew. Good morning to you. Good morning. That was a great interview that you guys did with her. It is like she did a bid, her holding that down for 16 years. She was in, in a great pool of artists that, that was doing their thing, but she was very successful.


Those three songs you put in Emini Mix the other day. We need that. We need that more off man. Let's big up Kerry Hilman. Welcome her Back to Real. All right brother. Yeah. Carrie is being vindicated. I saw Esther Dean last night. Leave a whole letter in. I couldn't read that whole thing. I read the whole thing. You did. And she basically was saying like, yeah, you know, all of the, all of the negative stuff in the song, I guess perceived as negative. She wrote it. Yeah, She said she wrote it. I'd seen that little part of it. Yeah. And I, I'm sure Lauren will break that down on the latest. But it was long. Absolutely. It was like, yeah. Hey. I was like, I can't read that. Hey, good morning. Good morning. Get it off your chest, Mama. Hey Amy. Hey Uncle Charlotte. Peace. What's happening? What's happening? I'm calling from Berg, South Carolina. Hey, 8 6 4. What's happening?


Hey, it's Jesse. Good morning. Good morning. I was calling about the Kerry Hillie interview. What's up mama? Yeah, I know she was lying, right? Damn. No she wasn't. She's all, she's been proven, correct? No, no. Lemme tell you me explain it to you. I remember when this first went down, What happened about, but you remember And she did a interview about this song. I remember you ever seen that yesterday? And she, she stood on that and she even made the statement that Paula the Gun didn't make her do that. Well, you know, she, Now I know INE came out and said that she wrote it, but both could be true at the same time. Well, you remember ine probably did write it, but I think she did it willingly.


Well, Esther said that she wrote it, but also too, remember Carrie said she was protecting everybody that was involved. So she would say that in the interview. Okay. But protecting everybody. Okay. I would say you just went say nothing at all. Did you see? But you actually go get on the interview and say he did not make you do that. Well, we, we gonna break it down with ladies, Lauren, because that's, the dean released a long statement yesterday and there's some more updates. So you keep it locked then Lauren's gonna fill us in. Okay? Okay. How old are you? I be, she think she lost 16 Emini Here. She Oh, okay, okay, okay. She Said she was there. She remembers. All right, well thank you. You, Tina, you Okay? You what in it be talking like he ain't three years or 50 how you, you know what I'm saying? She said she was, theres, You might Need to get her as a sauce, Lauren.


Okay. All get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. When we got the latest with Lauren coming up. We talk about, we do, We gonna start with Tony Braxton and Birdman. 'cause they were married, almost divorced, but they still married. And we didn't even know any of this was happening. I don, I don, you know, but Birdman told everybody at The Breakfast Club to keep their name out your mouth. That's S right until he come back again. We exempt. Right? Four of us now. All four of, Of y'all. Right. We'll get into that Nexus. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club In trouble. We are The Breakfast Club on this Friday. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a free fan Off.


She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on, good Lord. The latest with Lauren la sometimes she sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. What you got LL Cool Bay? Tony Bra Sand Bergman are married. Yay. That's what's up when this happened. So this actually happened eight months ago, but we had no idea. And actually it seems like their honeymoon period, like, you know, you first get married and it's all happy. It was a little shaky according to these documents obtained by TMZ. So TMZ is reporting that they got married quietly.


It was a very secret, this happened August 8th. Now, in the first couple weeks of the marriage, like within the first two weeks of the marriage, there are documents that show that Tony Braxton applied for divorce. Yes. So when they got, so we, they know that, so TMZ found out about the marriage because they found the divorce docs first. So in her filing that TMZ saw that the listed separation date was August 10th. Now the, a quick recap for you guys. The couple held a secret wedding ceremony, then two days later, Tony at least says that they were on the outs and headed for divorce in the docks. Tony Braxton, her attorney called DeMar Marriage Irretrievably Broken.


And another plot twist to this is that although it seems like they were headed for a split, Tony then dismissed the divorce petition in January of 2025. And Birdman signed off on that too. So as of now, they're legally married, husband and wife. And you know, I they ha I was gonna say they're happy, but we don't know because we didn't even know if they was married in the first place. Well, you know, Tony is never been that Braxton who had all her business out in the opening a hundred percent know. So, and Birdman ain't really the type of person that's open about stuff too. 'cause then he like to threaten niggas when, when people talk about him. I know. Okay. So it's two people here that's real Quiet. I'm not, yeah. So I'm not, yeah, you know what? Emini here and I'm not surprised. What are We, what are we supposed to say about this situation? That's Their business. Yeah. But I'm also not surprised that we didn't know anything about their marriage because of those reasons.


Yeah. But Does TMZ just typing everybody's name in the computer until they find something red? Right? Like what made them type in Tony Braxton did look like, was there Tony Braxton News that was like type in, Like it depends. Well, first of all, a a while ago there was like a, a news circulating that Tony Braxton and Birdman had gotten private a wedding, got married in a private wedding in Mexico. And, and that was like go making rounds. But Tony Braxton had reposted it and said fake news. So I think that kind of like set an alarm off for some people where they were like, what is going on? But you never know. It could have been like a tip. Somebody like, yo, I know they got married, here's where they got married. So then you go, you know where to go look for the doctor. Nothing. Nothing. He did just fall asleep on the stage the other day. Mm.


So that's the, they probably like got the dig and like, okay, what is, what else is going on? Where, where's Tony? Why was she there? And then boom, there we go. Tony Was there when she fell Asleep. No, that's why, why wasn't She there? Oh, she Know. Because she would've whis them off the stage. That's her husband. You right? Yeah. Well, yeah. So that was December, 2023 when that fake news was, well it was fake news. Gotcha. But real news later was circulating. So maybe, I don't know what, this could have been several different things, but congratulations to them. Yeah. Yeah. Are you gonna do some digging to see why it was a divorce so fast? I've already began all that. I know that you Did because she said irretrievably. Yeah. Which normally when people say that, it's like, what Emini here I that you can't really, you can't fix it. Like, lemme look that retrievable because people be in the comments like, here's a real definition.


So I thought that meant irreconcilable. You, I'm about to look just, I don know That's a word too. Irretrievably broken is, I don't know what the word is. It's what if he had that Relationship Is broken beyond repair. What If he had that in his wedding vows already had what I, I reserve the right to be finished. I'll be done anytime I want to. Uhoh uhoh. It's not a, they're not, it's not a term. It's not a term like, like a contract. His vow is not supposed to say stuff like that. But you can make you vows anything you want. Yep. It's the expression of love, not a contract. That's why you gotta have God, Jesus, and the Holy Ghost in your relationship, all three of them. Because when those things happen, you need that bond, that spiritual faith to keep y'all together. You up here playing about that Me and marriage right now.


You being real Funny. I'm not being messy. Like you have you Been real funny? I ain't sitting Okay it sitting down. Continue more and continue on. I'm Continue on. Finish you done. You finish. You done. Okay. I ain't even say Nothing. All right. So Esther Dean, as we mentioned earlier in the show, she posted another statement on this whole Carrie Sen turning me on Beyonce dish leaked This super du along. Yeah, I Didn't read that. The whole thing long was like, I Went long to read it. It's very long. I read. Yeah. You know, I read it. So it's an open letter from Esther Dean and she said it's for Carrie, for creators, for the record. She stayed quiet for a long time, but she believes that telling the truth, especially when the internet starts telling its own version of story is important. Back in July, 2008, she started working with Polo to Don in Atlanta.


She then move to LA to write for Polo's artist at Interscope. She wasn't famous, she wasn't clout chasing. And she was in the studio day and night writing three to four songs a day. No friends, no family just worked. Whenever the studio was open, she wrote Polo called her, she showed up and that's how it was. So then the turned me on remix happened. She said, one night Polo called her and asked her to write a remix verse for Carrie Hilson, something that was like street edgy and for the culture. He left the room and she sat there, you know, coming up with different ideas. She then came up with, I shot the sheriff, but wait till I shoot these beads down, down shot these beads down, down. And that's crazy, right? So then she, she basically is listening to lyrics that she came up with or whatever. And she said that, you know, at the time she didn't have, she didn't have like the same platform that Carrie Holston had.


Carrie Holston was the celebrity at that time. She was already massive. She didn't need saving. So it wasn't like this song was created to save her career. She was out making history already. Then she answers the question, why speak now? She says, because while our stories may look similar now, back then they weren't. Carrie was speaking on big platforms I didn't have access to. And it was her story to tell, not mine. I stayed writing no hate, no shades truth. What Carrie went through was sad. She's a great artist, beautiful spirit, and she deserves grace. She took her lessons. Now I'll take mine. Respect always. So I think that this double confirms Carrie's sentiments when she was here. Oh Yeah, absolutely. If this was a court of law, Carrie Hilson would be innocent. Her story is adding up in every way.


Also, people don't realize how much some folks have to compromise themselves in this business. We talked about it when Carrie was here. They told Carrie her career was gonna be over. She did what she thought she had to do. She said she was protecting everybody in the situation. Now, 15 years, 16 years later, she telling her truth. Yeah. The truth seems like it's adding up to me. Yeah. And why is it so hard for people to believe stuff like that? We've heard things like this happen countless times in this industry. Like, You know why Jess? What? Because nobody cares about the truth from the lies when attaining. Oh yeah. They'd rather make the jokes on Carrie and put the bees in her comments. Yeah. But I, I hope she gets the, the clarity she needs that she can continue on because she felt like she was blocked. Yeah. She felt like people didn't respect her. So I hope she's able to get what she really wants out there now.


Yeah. And I know she did really, she was really appreciative of the conversation that we had in here with her and just like the reaction to it. I talked to her yesterday for a bit and she was like, she was just really thankful for feeling comfortable enough to have a conversation about It. She Felt like this was a a, a safe place for her. Yeah. Well, well she should have dropped the album today. I don know why she waiting until the 18th, the album. We need to talk come out on the 18th. They should have dropped today. But you know what, what if she didn't even plan on opening up about that? She didn't. That's true. She didn't. That's true. I don't think she did. You know what I'm saying? Y'all like really provided that safe space for her to do that. What if she never even planned on walking in to talk about that? That's right. So yeah. That's good though. Yep. All right. Well that's the latest with Lauren. See Breakfast club interviews ain't all bad.


Y we don't get everybody in trouble.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes. But spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with Hate.


Or show your support by posting the Blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok,


Check out Pluto TV's the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music. All featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters and Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neville. It don't even be us, it be Charlemagne and everybody, they be so scared. It's all you. They be so scared of you. Like we solved the case. We did. We solved the case. We solving cases. Yes. Thank you. You Michelle Obama. That's why she got at you calling them people. Come on team. Everybody Come in Michelle. Everybody coming in Getting a divorce. Come on guys, everybody come in. You gotta put your wig on. You gotta put your wig on if you do it. Put your wig on. There we go. We go And I pump three ounces day. I got milk. Milk or 3 1, 2 3. Give Lauren some of her edges so they'll lay down because nothing else working. Please Jesus. All today we got probations. When we come back, all will be Joining us.


Oh good. About a week ago. Wait, no it wasn't. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Listen, what's up is the Supreme Court has says that the Trump administration must facilitate the release of a Maryland man sent accidentally to prison in El Salvador. Now, in a ruling on Thursday, the court both granted and rejected A DOJ emergency request that contested Kmar Abrego Garcia be returned. The decision means Garcia does not have to be immediately returned due to the judge impose deadline expiring. But that the Trump administration has to be prepared to share what it can concerning the steps it has taken along with further ones.


Now, Abrego Garcia was deported by accident to an El Salvador prison on March 15th as part of the Trump administration's pla plan to send alleged members of the Venezuelan gang tr Dua there. I also received a DM from the state's attorney of Prince George's County in a, in, in where she says in a statement in part she applauds the Supreme Court's decision today that orders the Trump administration to bring Kmar back home. He must be brought home expeditiously. Any further delays are illegal and unacceptable. People of goodwill who support the rule of law must stand together and oppose the Trump administration's blatantly unconstitutional and illegal actions. She goes on to say she stands with Kmar Abrego Garcia, his family and justice for all people whose constitutional rights have been violated.


So, You know, I'm always surprised when the Supreme Court does the right thing because you know, I've said on numerous occasions the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate institution, but when they get it right and don't bow down to Trump and the Trump administration, I gotta give 'em credit. Well, you know, this thing is continuing and it's ongoing nonstop. So this comes at the same time as over 300 student visas have been revoked by the Trump administration as it cracks down on immigration. Now, secretary of State, Marco Rubio said it's a privilege to go to school in the US and he had pretty much a little bit of a message for those international students. Let's take a listen to Secretary of State, Marco Rubio. If you come to this country as a student, we expect you to go to class and study and get a degree.


If you come here to like vandalize a library, take over a campus and do all kinds of crazy things, you know, we're gonna get rid of these people. So some international students have seen their visas taken away for allegedly supporting terrorist organizations. Others have seen theirs reportedly taken away for things like traffic violations. And of course this comes as colleges watch immigration databases to see if students are still allowed to be in the US. Last month Rubio said a couple hundred visas were revoked and more would be happening every day. So I know this stands to impact students. This is gonna be quite the case by case situation. As I mentioned earlier, Maow watch that Duke student, he's South Sud, well he's from Sudan and the, the visas from all those of the Sudanese people have also been revoked.


So we'll continue to watch what happens with some of these students, those who are athletes here and those who are just here to get an education. So I'll keep happy. And that's, that's the problem, right? Like, you know, on the face of, on the face it sounds right, like yes, you don't want nobody here that's committing crime. Of course you don't want nobody here that's supporting of, you know, terrorist organizations. But are they really going into the, these schools with a surgical knife and really getting those people out? Are they just casting a wide net? Seems like they just casting a wide net, like, like everything else they're doing. Yeah, It's a wide net. But at the same time, there may be some knives in the net because as you can see with the funding, you know, the, the, the Trump administration has also been threatening funding for a lot of these schools. So the schools are going to do essentially what they can to make sure that they keep a coin, right?


So if that means surgically going in and looking at these students and where these students come from, that might, again, it's gonna be case by case based on school, it's gonna be case step by case based on the students. So, but I will try to keep you guys updated as much as I can in regards to that story. Now switching gears, Democrat Senator Adam Schiff is calling for an insider trading investigation into the Trump administration. Now the move comes after President Trump put a pause on Terrace. Now Schiff points to a social media post made by the president saying, Hey y'all, it's a good day to buy D what is it? Donald Trump Jr. Or dj? Dj. Anyway, it was his code basically for his media company.


Let's take a listen to Democrat Senator Adam Schiff in regards to this situation. The question is, who knew what the president was gonna do and did people around the president trade stock knowing the incredible gyration the market was about to go through Just a few days ago, I held a hearing with people who had to quit the Justice Department were fired at the Justice Department because they were observing corrupt activity that they would not participate in. Yeah. So, and that, as I was trying to mention before, that's DJT. Donald Trump said it was a good great, it's a great day to buy DJT, which stands for Donald J. Trump. And it's also the ticker symbol for his media company.


Now, Schiff says he and other Democrats have sent a letter to the White House asking if anyone in or around the administration made any financial transactions, knowing the president was going to pause the tariffs. Now Trump said the pause is a result of what he called yippy people and the bond market sell off. So what do you guys think about that possible insider situation going on with Trump and his buddies, the billionaire buddies or Emini here? You know, you think the pause just happened because you know There's nothing they can do to Donald Trump. Do we forget that the Supreme Court granted Trump broad immunity for what they consider official acts? He'll, he'll Just say that this, this was an official act, the guy's got presidential immunity. What, what you gonna do to him? But I always wonder with things like that, are they actually looking for a crime or are they just trying to attack Donald Trump?


Like are they a actually fishing to see if somebody actually made money? 'cause they can see who made money and who pulled money out, how much money they made. And usually they can see if somebody made $10 million or $5 million and they can actually see if it happened before then and go there. Now. It just seems like they just, Well let's be clear, this is insider trading Emini here. If you tweet out, you know, now was a good time to buy right before you paused. The tariffs that is would be considered insider trading, but there's nothing you can do to Donald Trump. But if he got presidential immunity, but if he Posted that, that would be for The World to see insider trading is if he told his man or somebody knew he was gonna do it beforehand. And those are things that could be seen. Same thing with like, No, it's still illegal. You can't say publicly now is a good time to buy and then you're the president in Paul's tires for 90 days.


Is That, I don't know What you mean you don't know. No, I don I Don't know because he posted it. He posted it nationally. It's not like he posted it in his, his friends own check. He posted it for The World to see point see with the stock ticker on it. Envy. Nah, it had a stock ticker on there. What are you talking about? Oh my goodness. All it DJ jt. He said, now was a good time to buy hashtag djt. Jesus. Yeah. Well, Alright y'all, I'll continue to keep you guys updated as much as I can in regards to this. That's your front page news. Follow me on social, I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, make sure you're following. I have Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com.


Thank y'all. Have a great weekend. Happy Friday. Alright, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, vibes Cartel will be joining us. We're gonna kick it with vibes when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. The legendary Vibes cartel. Welcome brother. Hey, what's up man? Hello. How you feeling man? Be like a million dollars right now Man. Every time I walk through the airport, the last two weeks, everybody there, all the Caribbean people, you got to have vibes on The Breakfast Club Vibes gonna be in Brooklyn on April 11th. You gotta have 'em on The Breakfast Club.


All In the building all through the streets. They knew you were coming. So first and foremost, how does it feel to be back here and being able to perform? How does that feel? What is that feeling like? Emini here? It's a blessing, you know? And it's a feeling of accomplishment. 'cause you know, Emini here, this is, these are the things that we have worked for over the years. So to be here now and see it actualize itself, yeah, it feels like an accomplished, you know what Emini here feeling? Yes. You Sold out two shows at the Barlay immediately too easy. Did you, did you ever, did you think it would be like that with like course ticket prices are like 7,000 for for seats. Like Yeah, of course. Like I said, I put the work in Emini here so everything is happening to me. I deserve it man. God is the greatest. You know what? Emini here, we work hard over the years we built a huge catalog.


So you know what Emini here, the music speaks for itself as it relates to Dance hall and for me to represent the culture. So that was no surprise man. My manager wanted to do a third night could. Im like, you could, bro. I'm not. You could have nearly, I'm not, I'm 49. I'm not that. You know what Emini here, strong Man. That's young man. I know. But remember we coming from prison, I'm sick. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So that's makes it more of a blessing. You know what Emini here to know that, you know, Emini here, coming from prison 13 years still battling with my illness and the love that the people show me, man. If it's not God, I don't know who it is. You know, nobody wants to go to prison. But it feels like prison made you larger than life. Like just from a career perspective. No, I Agree with you. From a career perspective, do you think it preserved your, your legacy and made it bigger?


Yeah, I think so. I think it did. But like I said, everything happens for a purpose. You know what Emini here and if God has a plan for you, he has a plan for you. If they just work with it. So I look at it, the the the opposite way though because I feel like people heard the music or couldn't see the face. Like I felt like you would've been an even bigger artist because they just couldn't touch You. Or if I was free, maybe I would've died. Who knows? In a car accident or something. True. So you gotta just focus on what is right. You know what Emini here. And that's how I live my life. Like it is what it is. I'm here. I did 13 years, but now I'm here and that's in my rear view. During Your time at prison though, you released a lot of music. How was that managing your career? Even behind bars, like being in there Emini here, like I said, I had to do it.


That was, that was too easy man. Like mm. I always try to find innovative ways to, to do what I do and that was just one of them. Like I had to do, it had people depending on me. I had a family to feed. Yeah. I had my career to maintain so that, that's too easy. And even that with being sick though, that the, were there times where you just like, man, this I'm, no, no, no. Never. I couldn't do that. But you were really sick though. I was. I guess I'm saying like how did you fight? Like just having a strength to fight through that and still make music and all of that and keep your mental where it needed to be to really commit to that music so you can still be the vibes cartel and deliver what people wanted to hear. And I understand that's a good question too, because in Jamaican prison, it's not like American prison.


Mm. Jamaican prison is real dungeon style. Wow. You know what, Emini here, no toilets in the cells and crazy work. You know what Emini here? Well, toilet in the cells. No. You know how I got toilet in cell when Lisa Evers did that piece? Is it a special Yes, With Lisa Evers. That's when they put the toilet installed the toilet in. Wow. It was crazy. Had you using pun intended. So what, So what they had you using Before newspaper? Wow. Wow. Yes. No Man. Yeah. So you can read while you Wow. But I got, you know, you put out so much music, people assume that you had a studio in prison 'cause it just, the music didn't sound old. It always sound new.


It always sound fresh. Yeah. Emini here, somebody passed away and you be talking about it. Inm song. I'm just joking. Exactly. But you had, so did you have a studio That's No, I had a phone. The, the iPhone five s. That's the, that's it. That's recorded. Like the Fever album? No, I did the Viking album. Yes. Really? I kid you not. Yeah, man. Five s and a mattress and some prisoners looking out. That was it. That was it. Man and determination on God himself. Wow. So that's it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's crazy work. Was there Ever any time in that 13 years, especially when you started getting sick that you was like, man, I don't know if I'm gonna make it outta Here. Yeah, Emini here. There were times I thought that I wouldn't make it, but I still had to put in the work. I still have to do what I had to do. It is what it is, man. Like if I die, at least I die trying.


You know what Emini here because that's, that's just my mindset. You know what Emini here. But yeah, there were times I was like, I even talked to my mother. I was like Mom. She was like, no, fight it man. Pray. You know. So yeah. I'm bigger to my mother. She's a blessing in my life as well. Yeah. And how did you finally get out? 'cause they were fighting to keep you in for a long time. They were. They were fighting appeals. Yes. Anything that you tried? They were fighting. What was that? Turn? Emini here. You're right. They wanted to keep me there forever. But Emini here, I sent when the case went to England, you know what Emini here. 'cause the thing is Jamaica And I don't wanna 'cause a lot of people in the system in Jamaica, they support me as well of, but the system really just, of course I think they wanted to make an example. Oh man, you know what Emini here out me because the case is clear cut.


Like I've always told my manager, my family, bro, I'm coming out. Once my case reaches England, I'm out. And so said, so done. Because it's open shut case. You messed up here. You messed up here. This is wrong. This is wrong. Freedom, man. Easy. See? Is that, Have they ever apologized or, or said my bad. Sorry. Anything. Oh, I don't need apology, sir. I Need nothing. Need money. Freedom. Freedom. The best Apology. Exactly right. Yeah, exactly. So I'm good man. I'm not looking back, I'm not even suing. Hmm. Yeah, no, I'm not. I'm not even pursuing. So no suing, like How is your health now? Work in progress? Yeah, so definitely a work in progress. But it was worse when I came out. My head was this big. Mm. Like the Pillsbury Doughboy Big.


It was crazy, man. So, okay, but you're working. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Can You describe the moment you were released? Like what that what, What that emotion was? I'm still processing in it. I swear to you. Wow. I swear to you man. Because there were times like I never lost faith, but when they actually opened the gate, I was the last one outta my cell. Mm. I was just like, is this really is, am I dreaming right now? Like what the hell is this? I had all my clothes on the full white that you see me walk out in. Yeah. Didn't put my shoes on yet. And I just said a little prayer And I just walked out man. When I was walking in the yard and all the prisoners were shaking the, the, the doors and it was, it was like a earthquake man. And I'm not gonna lie, I shed a tear or two Joy.


Yeah. Taste of joy. Yeah. Then I just walked through the gate. But throughout my incarceration I never cried. I never felt sorry for myself. You know? I just know that this is something that I have to get through. And by the grace of God, man, God did. And What was the first thing you did when you got out? 'cause I remember when you got out, people were waiting for you to announce a show. Like everybody wanted a show wanted music. Yeah. But you, it took you some time for that. So what, what were you doing? The man just told you you was getting some cheeks. You think you played no bad poor girl. Exactly. Well I was in prison for Years, sir. Yes. Stop it. Come On. But yeah man, I was just chilling with family mostly. Like I said, my mother, my father, my kids, my grandchildren.


Hmm. When I came outta prison I had three grandkids. Wow. But when I was going in, I had babies. Wow. So you know what, Emini here, 13 years is a long time, trust me. But me right now, it's just God, family music. That's it. Who was your biggest allies when you were locked up? Celebrity wise? I know. Oh, Buster Busta. Busta. He always said your name easily. Always rang your name Easily. Spice easily. Popcorn. You know what, Emini here, a lot of people those, she easily boom. I don't even have to think my, my brother slash manager tj you know what, Emini here? Yeah. Hi Shana. She came to visit me several times because a lot of people are scared. So it wasn't that they didn't wanna come, but just the stigma associated with Yeah.


Yeah. So like spice, like Sean or Popcorn Busta rhyme. I gotta give it. Shout out to them man. Give them props. All we got more with vibes cartel. When we come back, let's get into a vibes mini mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. That was a vibes cartel. Mini mix. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with vibes. Cartel. Jess Relationships are tough, you know, in general. But what do you think made your relationship with your fiance worthwhile? Serving a life sentence. Because she believed Emini here. She believed I met her in 2015, July 25th. Never forget, you know what Emini here, we've been on and off. You know, I go, she is in the free world. I'm in prison. She live in her life still, whatever, blah, blah, blah.


But she was always there. So in 2022 I decided like, yo, like I said, I started being more spiritual, putting my faith in God. And I told her, I'm like, yo, I'm coming out. Come to Jamaica. And she came, she left. Everything came to Jamaica. Where was she at? She Was, she's from London. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. You better on Instagram. I heard That. Yes sir. Wow. Wow. Yeah, it was crazy. How Could you trust that though, that that could have been Catfish? I know, but like I said, it was years in 2015. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what? Emini here, And I was talking this every now and then, we spoke and we started speaking on a regular basis. So it took, it took a while for me to trust her. She actually came to Jamaica the first time in 2019.


That's four years after we were talking just on the phone talking. You know what, Emini here. Having Eex. Okay. All right. Yeah, we got it. She came in 2019. You actually got to put the face to the, and and she looked exactly like the picture Said. Yeah. Yeah. She looked exactly like the, that was before ai, so she couldn't shoot. Yeah. Yeah. Got you. But she came to visit me and you know what? Emini here, it was a vibe. Mm. So in 2022 I was like, yo, come now. Come to Jamaica, come live. She was like, oh, you sure she's British? Yeah. I'm like, yes. Come. And she came and she did two years before I came out. So she came to visit me every time there was a visit.


Wow. Yeah. If I was in a bad mood sometime and I'd be like, dope, yo, I don't wanna see nobody. She'd cry or she'd come to the prison still. Wow. And the guards would be like, Hey, your fiance's outside. And I'm like, okay. I'll go. You know what, Emini here. So yeah. She's been there, man. Trust me. You are king man. Big Amsterdam baby. Is it, is it easy, is it easy for you to re re resist the temptation though by being that you back on the road and you out in the streets? I know the women coming after you. Crazy. Yeah. And I, I don not gonna lie, I flirt with the ladies. I'm five cartel. Come on man. Yeah. Nobody can get, get out to them. Only she can get out herself by messing up. But no girl on the planet can get her out of my life. You know what, Emini here. Yeah.


So she good man. What, what Makes a person king of the dance hall? Because that's what they say they call vibes cartel King of the dance hall. Who, who qualifies a person for that title? You're dominance. Your, your, your influence. It's not necessarily selling records. 'cause I haven't sold records like Sean Paul. But when if I walk through the streets of Jamaica Mm. And Sean Paul is on the other side of the road, he will go and notice Emini here. No disrespect. That's the influence that, that larger than life vibe that we bring. If I say, oh, Clarks, everybody wear Clarks, put on a tattoo, everybody gets tattooed. You know what? Emini here? That type of vibe, the dominance. And I've been doing that since before I got arrested. I've been, people been calling me the king of dance. But, you know, Emini here, like I say, Kings come, Kings go.


Presidents come, presidents go. Nothing is forever except salvation. So, yeah. So I'm not really fighting for the, the crown. 'cause the people gave it. Can't it Be more than one king though? 'cause you know, of course people love to say Beanie Man too. Yeah, Of course it can be more than one king. Not in our genre. It's one. Mm. But Black could Be more than one, not a Dance. Oh, no. But that's what I'm saying. Remember who was the king in 1945? King George or something. Dead. And more kings come along. He says life. That's what I'm saying. Like, yeah. You can't hold onto it forever. You can't gate keep the crown. It's not yours to gate, it was never yours. Its the gatekeep. You do your time, you move on.


And New King is in town, sir. Thank you. Now, when you were locked up, verses was big, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. When You were watching that, did you think I would love to do a verse? 'cause dance was very competitive. Yeah. And, and, and if you could Yes. Who would you wanna do one with? Movado, obviously. Come on. Ooh. Movado obviously, man. Yeah, they got Movado too, man. But yeah, that would be a crazy verse. Obviously I would win. But he would. Bob took that talk. Yes, he does. Is there anybody catalog you, you, you afraid of a little Bit. My father got a big catalog bottle be no not being you Boun to kill those guys. Those are, those are in a different class. Remember? You know what, Emini here, A Boun to kill Beanie. They locked the nineties to the early two thousands.


And Cartel came out. Elephant Man is an nice catalog. He is not like a warrior artist. You, you know what Emini here? What's a warrior artist? What's that mean? Like a cartel amado. A bounty killer. You know what, Emini here, A massacre ready to go at it right now. Yeah. So, but no, no, no. I, I think I have the biggest current catalog in Dancehall because it's relatively young. It's 23 years. Yeah. You know what? Emini here, lots of hits. Especially in the dancehall landscape. You know what? Emini here. So Is that missing in music though? Like me coming up in Queens and DJing parties, I would come up and then if some, let's say you are in a club or baby shams in the club. But if they would just grab and go at each other, yes. Wouldn't be a physical No, No. But it, it would be music. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is that's what's missing in dance hall, especially music.


I think so too. I think so too. And I, one of the reasons why I think so too is because of the internet. So a lot of these young kids, they got their fame from their bedroom. They, they made the rhythm in their bedroom, recorded it in their bedroom, made their YouTube channel put it out. Yep. They can monitor this, their on iTunes, whatever. We, on the other hand, we had to go in the streets. We had to go to the studio. You know what Emini here. So it was a more physical thing for us. In the same way, remember back in the day when records came out, course you had to go to the record store. Yeah. Now you can just take up your phone and be like, yo, stream And stream. Yes. So that's why I think they don't have the knack for physical confrontation like we did. And by physical, I don't mean like punching, even though sometimes that that does happen, it could happen.


Yep. But like to just run upon a guy on stage, nah. Yeah. They're not gonna do that. I wouldn't think nobody would do that with Jamaicans anyway. But other bet Jamaicans. Like that's, yeah, because I would like you, you talk, when is this next show? We has a show in at The Breakfast Club. We go in. Mm Yeah, we run up. So yeah, that. Have you done that to somebody grab somebody's mic? No. Well my father during me and Movado, yeah. Yeah. He used to run upon me a couple times. I run upon him last time I was in Saint Elizabeth. That was crazy. Which was, then I got the concept to do the door run song because I had a, a door run song before Sting. And then after Sting then I was like, you know, 'cause he ran off stage two and he's related to you saying Bolt.


You know that right? I'm Joking. Yes. But yeah. But at the time that, yeah, it was now in hindsight, Emini here, Emini here. I'm glad we had that field man. It made us big. And you know, Emini here, it spread dance all to places like Africa. Which at the time we were like, these these guys listen to us. 'cause you know, they don't showcase that in the media then before the internet where you could just jump on your phone and see Africa for yourself. Yeah. So I think clashing is good, man. I Don know. How do y'all get to good terms after clashing conversation? The first time we had that conversation was the second time the government sent for us in Jamaica. 'cause the vibe, scar of other things was so big.


School kids fighting, people getting hurt. So we were just here at King's House, which is where the, the politicians are. We was like, yo, our music brought us here, bro. Like this is crazy. And that's when we started talking. And after that we still feud it. But it was just more like on a controlled level. Yeah. Like he would be like, yo, I dropped a song. Why? Why don't you answer it? Like, oh And I didn't hear it. And then I would replied to it and then I would drop a song and he would reply. So we kept it like that. And he culminated in us doing the West Kingston show when he called me on stage in West Kingston with us. Oh, that's Smart. So y'all kind of like planned it out. It was strategic. Not in the beginning. That's what I'm saying. After we went to the, the King's house where the government was, we was like outside waiting to go in.


We were just talking like, yo, do we get the kids man look, you know what Emini here, look where our music is doing. It's brought us here. And then we just started like, yo, this, let's, let's plan. Let's be strategic. Absolutely. Well let's get into a join off the album. What song do you want to hear for the people? I wanna hear porn flick. My bad. I flick. I just see, I wanna see what just Said. Said that It's the vibe. Yes. Well let's get into porn. Flick Flick. Now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. That was porn flick from Vibes. Cartel Vibes is here. Now I got a question. So you know, my wife is Jamaican, right?


So I ask her, we have artists something, so we look at it differently. So she was like, looking back, is there, is there a moment in your career you wish you handled differently at all? Or like you just said, do you have no regrets? Is there anything that you said I should have done differently? I don't know. When I hit Ninja man with the mic on stage, I don dunno. But, 'cause that's what I'm saying, everything that I've done, it's still, even if it brought me down when I came up, I came up higher. Right. So yeah. I don't like that word regret, man. I don't know. Me neither. Yeah, it's, I don't know. No, because If you believe in God, you really gotta believe everything happened for a reason. Even if it was just your own poor choices. Exactly. It still got you closer to God. 'cause God got you through. Yeah Man. Yeah, that's what I'm saying.


Nothing I would do different. Maybe with the T thing, maybe I wouldn't have punched him. Maybe I would've just kicked him. I don't Know. Jesus crush by still some injury. That's funny though, because he like, he had to get it somehow. Just Kick him. Don't Change his history is what I'm saying. You're gonna mess it up for all of us. Don't go back in time and Right. Yo, now Emini here. What's something the public completely misunderstands about? Vibes? I'm a fun guy. Emini here. I like to vibe. I like to have fun. Like if you don't know me, especially then like, and if you approach me wrong, obviously I'm gonna react. But if I'm comfortable around people, we, we cool man. We vibe it.


Yeah. So a lot of people really, they think I'm just this evil person when I'm not Emini here. So yeah, yeah, Yeah. Now one of your biggest records, romping Shop. Yes. Did you ever get that cleared? No. Was it you just so you never got paid off of that. You just threw it out and it just did What it did. I got paid. Come on. That song is under my, that song Put me on another level globally again. Because like I said, it's levels to it. The same day Clarks did it. Summertime did it, fever did it. You have some.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsors. Stand up to all the hate. Now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes. But spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up to All Hate on Instagram. And TikTok


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room at the drink of the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, add to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and restrictions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music. All featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neville Songs that you get those songs, it's like up another echelon, right? You just going up. So yeah, of course man, that that song was crazy. We actually wanted to try to see if we could get it cleared now and do like a maybe a 12 year anniversary, 15 year, whatever. But yeah, that song was crazy. But it, I didn't get it cleared. But in Neo's defense, he didn't sue you. He couldn't clear it. Remember the rhythm? You know the thing go publishing and Yeah, yeah, yeah. You made the beat. But he's the rapper. But you know what, Emini here. So people think, oh, why didn't the envy clear the song? But it you owned the brights to the the beat. Yeah. So yeah. Now also when you, when you perform back in the late nineties and early two thousands, there was terms and words that you could say that you could say anymore.


Or they will try to cancel it. Show, Oh don't know, the nineties. Kind of back a little bit, man. You remember the beginning, the Raping shop Emini here. Yeah, they take it right out. Rampant shop. That was explicit Emini here. I don't know man. Play It for the kids dance song. Dance song is explicitness. It is though. Very intolerant. Absolutely. I think is changing now still because The World is changing. So you gotta be mindful of what, what you say. You know what, Emini here. So There's certain songs you don't do because of that or you just Oh yeah, I won't do, Are there certain songs I won't do? Yeah. Hell yeah. Emini here, come on. That's like saying, oh hmm, slavery was good. Let's bring it back. No, we're not. So we're not gonna sing certain songs. We're not gonna, you know what, Emini Here, come on. Distasteful. Yes.


Distasteful sir. Thank you. And also, I'm sure over time you've probably seen G to G it look beautiful together. What G to G Know, right? I don got the guy look beautiful together. Yeah, man. Emini here. I don't judge And I don't look, I'm, I'm engaged, sir. I'm Engaged. I'm engaged, sir. Is what I'm saying. So yeah, I, I focused Another question wife had is, is are you gonna marry your fiance? It is been a while now. That's usually how it works when you usually marry a fiance. Okay, this is the thing. I came out July 31st. Yes.


Did the biggest concert in Jamaica history. December 31st. Got my US visa January 31st. Yeah. So I wanted to get married February 31st. It turns out February doesn't have a 31st. No, you did that on purpose. We're gonna get married. No, because I've been so busy all over the place. We have to plan it because you know, her family is big. Mine is big. But make no mistake, she's right here. I left her at the, I don't leave her nowhere. There you go. She's like my good luck child. That's how you stay outta trouble. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly right. That's right. She balances me. She calms me, man. So, yeah, she good. Let Me ask you a question about Jamaican culture. It seems like bleaching your skin is, is becoming more popular now.


Like what is the fascination with that in Jamaica Emini here? I think it has to do with, you know, the usual issues. Self-hate, the, the history of colonialism, colorism, it's all that, you know what Emini here and like we were, I was speaking to, I don't remember who I was speaking to because evening, like places like Asia. Yeah. Skin bleaching is a big thing too. And it has to do with that Stockholm syndrome. 'cause if you think about it, who in Asia bleaches the most? It's the, the, the, the south. The north, sorry, the South Koreans and the Japanese. The, the Americanized kind of European, the Euro. They want that Eurocentric look, is what I'm saying. Yeah. And black people have, have always had that problem.


Emini here, I would never bleach again. Personally, you know what, Emini here, because I'm mature enough to know that yo that Yeah. But I definitely think it has to do with self hate or self lack of self-confidence as, as a race. Because when I was bleaching, like, I literally looked in the mirror And I, I thought I looked better being light skinned. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. So it took a time for me to like, nah, man, that. Yeah. So So it was a cosmetic thing when you did it? Yes. Okay. Okay. It definitely, but I would never do that again man. And I'm glad, I'm very, very glad to hear that. But even though love and hip hop spice, she, it was a mess. It was a bigger message that she was trying to convey. And it was exactly what you were saying.


She's like, man, this, this is different in America than it is back where I'm from. Yo, that's true. That like, you don't get certain things if you're not a fairer skin. True. You know, true that and true that people here because love and hip hop is American people was looking at spice like what the hell? Why would you, you know, your black skin is beautiful always. You know what? Emini here. So, but now I totally do get what you're saying. Yeah. It a cultural thing. It is totally different. Yeah. Culturally it's a cultural thing. Yeah. Trust me man. Because we only have blacks in Jamaica. So. Yeah. So for us it's not racism, it's colorism. Like the lighter are skinned. You are. It's like you climb socially. It's crazy work. Did You have any effects after that? Like long term? 'cause you were doing it for a while.


Like Yeah. Oh, long term effects. Just some fucking pictures that I don't want to look at anymore. Got got. They used to say I was bleaching and they would always send me pictures of you. Yeah. And have me side by side. He was, No he wasn't. That's Crazy, Right? No, he was Just ugly. And then he was cute after while ain't no damn No, no. He had a face. It ain't like This is a tough room. This is a tough room. India had Cosmetic surgery, nose cosmetic surgery Shot. No, India got a nose. You got a nose shot, Michael. I did not know. Tell him the truth, Michael. I didn't. What happened? I just have polyps in my nose. I was snore a lot and couldn't snore. So they removed the polyps. I didn't touch my nose. My nose is the same.


Okay. Okay. He called you Michael. Now, do you still get nervous when you perform? What's nervous? Where is it sold? How does it taste? Is it contagious? Mm. We don't, we don't do nervous. I know that's right. We don't do that. Not at all. Do you like to go back to those areas that you grew up on? Like drive through Brooklyn? Never drive through. Oh, in America. I Thought you made, why would I work so hard? No, I'm not going back. No, But like in Brooklyn, Emini here, like areas in in, in, in Brooklyn And I used to hang out and Yes, exactly. White Plains drove back in the day. Yes. 2 27.


Two 25th. Yes. Do you go back there? No sir. No I don't go there Either. Don't go there either. You know what Emini here. But seriously why? I'm just staying out of trouble. I love that. I don't want to be involved in nothing. Yeah. Negative never. Yeah. So we stay away from that. I love it. Yeah. Well this weekend you should have your tickets already. If not it's sold out. You're gonna have to go to StubHub and pay Sorry. Grands of Grands of grands for it. Yeah. But definitely check 'em out and we appreciate you for joining us, man. Yes. Anytime brother. Pull Up. Yeah, I'm on Big up Charlem man. Big up. This envy. Big up Jess. Yeah, that's Right. No God is the greatest. That's Right.


And we Out. It's The Breakfast Club, it's vibes cartel. Ya Lauren becoming a straight, She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit About everything. She be having the latest on The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit Of everything. Well, what's the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. Okay, so quickly. I wanna take a minute to send some love to Jasmine Sullivan. So it was her birthday on the ninth and people had been posting and telling her happy birthday. She just posted in response to it and let us know that she was thankful for all the love and she really needed it at this time because she recently lost a baby.


She said that she's been, you know, trying to heal from the loss of her baby, which she realized would be two months yesterday. And that she's also been, you know, just in her thoughts about her mom. Her mom passed away. Yeah. Not a little bit ago. And you know, she's just been trying to heal from that. She, so she says to all the fans and everyone who posted and told her happy birthday, she thankss you guys for that because she's dealing with life's a whooping right now. Absolutely. Sending her some love. Definitely sending her healing energy, man. Sl the jab Sullivan. Yeah. Lord, that mercy. Everybody Going through something. That's right. Yeah. And you never know what people going through either. That's, that's a big thing. So Neo sat down with Angie Martinez and he talked about his relationship and answered a lot of the questions that I think some people had about how this whole thing works.


So one of the things that they talked about was, you know, just, you know, what are some of the challenges of dealing with he has, I believe he's 4 4, 4 girlfriends. So let's take a listen to Neo. One of the challenges. Be honest, because don't make this sound like it's the No, no, no, no, no. So one of the major challenges is time because I don't have a lot of free time. You know, I have seven beautiful children. I have a career that is still moving. Like, you know, like it's still 2025 Emini here, 20, 20 0 5 in this thing. So I don't have a lot of free time and everybody needs their own individual time. You know, we do things as a group, but in a relationship like this, you have to make sure that individual time is just as poignant as group time.


So, you know, there's, you know, certain situations where one may feel like this one is getting a little more attention or this one is getting a little more time or something like that. Yeah. But again, whenever that happens, I bring everybody together. We all hash it out right then and there. Okay. Let's, you know, bring, bring your issue to the table and we resolve it as a group. That's the only way it works. You're having a good time. I'm having a great time. I'm having a great time. Are you tired? No. I was wondering if he, that was the main thing I was watching. See like if he talked about how You talking about his kids or you talking about his women? All of them. His women. All Both. Yeah. But then also, yeah. Really got like 11 kids. What do you mean you just call a meeting? If this one may feel like I'm spending too much time with this one. It just sounds like he's like a father again.


Like to a whole nother set of kids. Mm. And let's hash it out. Put it on the table. What didn't you like today? You know? Okay. I didn't suck your toes today, but I did. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Man. What about everybody? Period on at the same time. Oh. Oh, That's gotta be something right? Then he can go get a Fifth. And also, but what if everybody period on but one and it's sex time. Mm. So I can only be with this one and it is what is what what time? It's sex time uncle. So I can only be with this one works. We get jealous of do they say, hey, we understand. They gotta understand. Well he, he did say that he takes time with different, you know, the different women separately. But he, he said that, you know, there are some times where one woman at the time might be the person that he goes to for movie talk or, or like he has different Things and the robins in the corner fist balled up.


They upset. I Think they have an understanding is what it seems like. What I gather from this conversation is that they have an understanding. He does give each woman separate time. 'cause they're separate. Like they're, they're all individuals different. Yes. Yeah. They all got a role to play. You got a point guard, you got center, you got a forward, you got shooting guard. Yep. He said he might talk the one about art, the other he might watch Zeus with. So he got the best of both us. I, I don't want nobody I watch Zeus with, man. That's the young one. I guarantee you. She the youngest outta all of 'em. Then he also say that they're not allowed to date anybody Else. Yes he did. And we have that clip. Let's take a listen. The main rule is just to keep it a buck. Like we are not gonna lie. I love that. I'm not gonna lie to each other. We are not gonna sit up and blow smoke. We are not, I I ain't selling no dreams and I'm not forcing anybody to be here. If for whatever reason you decide this ain't for you no more, the door is never locked.


Everyone that is here is here by choice. These are all women. The, the, the, the most, the question I get asked the most is are they allowed to date outside of me? Oh, that's the question I get all the damn time and I'm answering right now. No, here's the thing. When I got with these women, I did not ask for their exclusivity. I did not demand their exclusivity. They offered it. I said, you understand that your exclusivity to me does not mean my exclusivity to you. You're okay with this? Yes. Okay, cool. Since you are offering your exclusivity and I'm And I I'm taking it now there's rules that I need you to follow, but at the same time, I don't do ownership. So should that situation ever, ever come up? Nothing is above a conversation.


Drop on a bump for Ne Hey, drop a clue Bump Neil. Like I'm the head of this house. I am the head nigga in charge. I am the head of this class. You don't like throw rules head on out. Young Buckhead, serious young. Buckhead, that ass. Sure. Well to eat, hiss own. Is that a life you would want to live? Live To eat its own. He said he might not even live it forever. He's just, right now it's what makes him happy enough. He, what he's doing Now, listen to it just sounds tired. Is it a life you would want to try? I think anybody would try. I'm not talking to you. Envy. I'm talking to you. Envy not gonna answer that. I'll You ran envy.


No life. You would you wanna try? Huh? Would you wanna try you? So you can hun You can hear. You heard him the first time Exactly. I said no. Okay. I did see Neo the other day though. I saw him when he was up here. What? Did you get a high five or did you I gave him a pound. What did you say? I gave him a pound. What did you say? It don't matter what I said. And what what'd he say to you? How's that won? I said Hey man, be safe out here in New York. You see what happened with Young Buck when he had got caught with all his, his hat on. Don't get caught. That's what I said to him. No, that's not what I said. His test don't fall off. No they don't. They ain't be glued on like that wig you got on right now. You hear me? What? I'm not the one Don't, don't even do me like, but I only know it's glued.


'cause you told me I thought it was real like cut. Yeah. A couple days ago. Literally. But what did I no a couple days ago I said you know why your wigs look good? 'cause they look real. Yes. What the hell Did you point? Why did you point Lauren? Are you Lauren? You did point to Nobody did. Yes. No it didn't. Just the same way. You didn't hear NBM ask a question. You pointed to me a envy. The short hair was a wig too. I just be pulling the wigs off. They look good. The Easy E was wig. Yeah. First of all that was yesterday. Y no that was my room. Hey, don't play more.


That hate this place. Alright. Salute the neo though. S that I don. Why to do that again? Huh? What? I don know what the, he sound like Bob car. I don't know what the hell you Just say what the Hell you do. Twist us. Do it. It do it Four after the hour. Dr. Kiva lock needs to come to the front of the congregation. Man, we gotta protect our kids. We'll discuss. Alright, We'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. I was born a donkey, donkey of the deck. That's pretty The devil.


The Breakfast Club. Yes. Donkey. Today for Friday, April 11th goes to a 53-year-old woman named Dr. Kiva Lark. N Kiva is from Florida. And you know what your Uncle Shawla always says about the great state of Florida. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. Okay. Dr. Kiva Lark is an assistant principal at a middle school in Florida. And she was arrested after allegedly forcing a student to massage her feet and saying inappropriate things to him. Let's go to W-E-S-H-N-B-C two for the report please. Foot rubs and nicknames. An assistant principal at Lake Marion Creek Middle School in Pon. Ciana is accused of behaving inappropriately with a student.


Polk Kennedy. Deputies say 53-year-old Dr. Kava Lark told a 13-year-old boy to rub her feet. It was allegedly punishment for throwing paper during a test. Witnesses say she told the boy she was doing it so he would know what foreplay is for when he gets a girlfriend. What witnesses also told deputies Lark would refer to the boy as sexy chocolate while passing him in the hallway. What Lark told deputies it was a joke and just trying to humble the boy Ash turns. He turned, he turned 13 soon, right? 13 Monday He comes home and tells you that what happens? I'm going Up there. Mm. What are we talking about? Mm. We just gonna have to homeschool our kids at this point. We are never gonna get a handle on our parental paranoia if we don't.


You know what parental paranoia is, right? The anxiety you feel just being a parent. How can you properly function knowing that we are taking our kids to places that are supposed to be safe spaces, places that are supposed to be making them better but they have to deal with humans Like Dr. Kiva. Luck. Now let the record show. I come from an era. Well, older women in my life kn they feet rubbed. Goddammit. Okay? I'm from S corner, South Carolina. Y'all already know rubbing an older woman's feet was a regular occurrence, at least in my life. But not just any woman. Your grandma. Okay? You're not a good grandchild if you haven't put, put some warm water and some Epsom salt in a basin and then rubbed your grandmother's feet. Okay? But Dr. Kiva Lark at 53, you may be old enough to be this 13-year-old little boy's grandmother, but that is not your grandchild, okay?


Not to mention you got a witness who said that you told the child you was doing this so that he would know what foreplay is for when he gets a girlfriend. What you also referred to this little 13-year-old boy, allegedly as sexy chocolate while passing him in the hallway at school. Now she is from a certain era where she trying to say sexual chocolate. Like in coming to America. Either way it's inappropriate. Listen to me. I feel this young man's pain, okay? It is hard being handsome your whole life. All right? When you are handsome, your whole life, when you got that glow about you, these older women can't control themselves. Trust me, I know they already experiencing menopause. Hot flashes all the time. And here we come just all handsome, making them feel intense.


Heat and sweat even more. But just because we've been handsome our whole lives does not give these older women the right to take advantage of us. Now, Dr. Kiva Locke admitted several days later that she crossed the line. She said it was only a joke and that she was trying to humble the student. Humble. And for what she even said, her actions were inappropriate. But she denied saying anything inappropriate to the student. I have no reason to believe you, ma'am, but I keep stressing this over and over and over again. Give young men that are being taken advantage of by older women. The same level of concern you do. Young girls being taken advantage of by older men. And furthermore, don't become a teacher if you don't have the ability or desire to empower kids.


Teachers provide kids with the tools and opportunities to learn, grow, and become confident. Okay? We're trying to have teachers that are raising young men and girls to be capable individuals in this society. If you just a predator getting into education because you want to hurt kids, do us all the biggest favor and die. Okay? You can't be out here as a 53-year-old woman, assistant principal, getting your feet rubbed by a 13-year-old, allegedly calling him sexy chocolate and telling him that you want him to know what foreplay is from when he gets a girlfriend. Oh God. Here. What? Oh, what Mac? What? Oh my goodness. Big Mac. Medium sized Mac. Just walking the room. Nah, nah. I just, you were saying some things I didn't all the way agree with because hear me out.


Oh boy. Nah. Now for real. Now listen to me. Think about what she's doing. She's doing a good service. What is for? Because, nah, don't look at me like that. Envy. Think about it. How many things did you learn in school that you do not use today? Mac Long Division. Mac. Why did I learn that? Mac write Curs. Mac, Mac. No. Wait, I'm trying to talk to the people. Think about you. Don't I ain't no more nobody right there. Yeah. The square root. Why? Okay, why what? All right, man. But rubbing a female's feet for foreplay that how many women really wish I am currently holding? How Many women wish they man did that? I am holding up Dr. Kiva Lark's. Mugshot to the camera. Wow. Right? And current strong Educator. I'm showing Jess Hilarious. Doing God's work. I'm going around the room. I'm showing DJ Envy doing God's work.


I'm showing red our board up now. I will show Big Mac. Big Mac. This is the woman, Dr. Kilar. That's him. This is, no, that's her. This is the her. Oh, she Handsome. Yes. Okay. She Does. Nah, listen Now you were Saying. So listen, teachers, you take an oath to educate the kids. Oh, that right? Do not be doing stuff like this out here. That's right. There you go. There you go. No, no. I staying in no To. That's right. That's Get her two donkeys now. That's right. Give Dr. Kiva locked the biggest he hawk. Let Me see. You should have played a game. She looked like she got, and we shoulda have played the game. We should played the, to be robbed. Because I never would expect, I didn't expect that. Yeah. I would never. Hell no. Hell no. Nah. No I did not. That looked like one of Druke studs.


Oh my God. No, I don't do that. That could have been love too. She be on. Absolutely. Mm. She do look like all my life I had to Fight. Yeah, she, she wants to Selma. She got her 2000 steps in walking to Selma. Her feet hurt. She Needed her feet rub. Just not by somebody else. For 13-year-old child. Lord, having mercy. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, Anthony, Her eyes got back. That's Carrie luggage. You know what I'm saying? Check bags. Check Bags. Jesus Christ. She looks stressed. God bless her. Her feet look like they hurt. God bless her. All right. Anthony Anderson Marsay Martin. And when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special, we have special guest in the building. Just one is just running a little late. The first special guest we have is Anthony Anderson. Hey. Welcome brother. What's Going on baby? How you feel? I'm good. I'm good. Alright. Marsay Martin was supposed to be here, but you say you blame yourself for her not being there. I, you know it, it's my fault that she has become the star that she is. And I don't blame her. But she, she she Hollywood today. Yes. She's 16 minutes late When y'all are filming together. 'cause y'all in the New Movie together. G 20. G 20. Yep. When y'all Filming together, how do you get out of the rhythm in mind? State of Blackish. 'cause y'all did that for so long.


Yeah. Yeah. You know what? That, that was something that we never really discussed while we were on set. You know, Viola, you know, requested me to be her husband and then they were looking for someone to play our child or children. And I told them to hire Marse. And never once did Marse And I discuss the rhythm that we have had. 'cause we have a great shorthand with one another for eight years and 175 episodes of Blackish. Mm. But, you know, I made it, I wanted to make sure that no one confused that or saw us falling to that pattern just as actors and, and knowing someone the, the way that we do. And I hope we didn't. Did you guys, you guys see the movie yet? I seen some of it.


Seen it. Okay. Yeah, they seen some of it. I, I, I don't, I don't think we did. You know, and that's something that we never discussed with one another. But it's something that we talked about, you know, since we've been out doing press and people ask us that question, she's here, ladies and gentlemen, she's here. Hello. She's here. How are you? Oh, good morning. I, oh my God. It was worth the wait. Good morning. It was worth the wait. I, I'm gonna be honest with you. He was just talking about you. He definitely was. She knows I'm aware. Know. She knows. And I told them I created this monster. Thank you. Thank you. Both of you and Viola play ex-military in this Yes. Film. When she called you, you say, okay, I gotta get in some type of shape because I know Viola gonna be in shape.


I knew he wasn't in shape before I disrespect Viol. Action figure. Tried to train, not train at all. Trained for what? You read the script. I got my ass kicked. I was like, I ain't gotta train for that. Yeah, but no, no. I, I, I, you know, I thought I was, I I thought I was in decent shape to, to portray whatever it is that The World is constantly


changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the


hate. Now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes. But spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with Hate. Or show your support by posting the Blue square emoji and using the hashtag, staying Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok,


check Out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music. All featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free.


The Black Collective on Pluto tv. Scream. Now Pay Neville.


Top reasons your dog wants you to move to Ohio. Amazing dog parks to stretch your legs. All four of them. Dog friendly patios, even gourmet hot dogs loaded with the good stuff. Bone Appetit and Ohio has so many high paying jobs. You'll be top dog in no time. Jobs and technology, engineering, science, advanced manufacturing, and more the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Go to call Ohio home.com.


What they needed me to do in, in this film. And it was, it was cool. It was great. But yeah, when you get a call from not just Viola Davis. Viola is an ego man. Emini here. You know when when somebody like that requests you, you know, you have to show up and show out. And, And I believe that's what we all did. Marsa included. Right Now Mars say, how's it dealing with Anthony? 'cause he's, he's been in your life for so long, right? And this is when you are a lot younger. You're 20 years old now. How is it dealing with, fuck, I've been through this before, before I don played these Emini here gonna all up just go, just be honest. Just go talk to him.


Just talk to him. Don't worry about it. To I listen. Speak from the heart. Speak from the heart. Speak from the heart. He's always a will forever be like my bonus dad. I love him so much. He's, he's seen me from ever since. Basically I came out the wound to now, so it's Not that far back. Emini here I was. Your Real daddy had something to do with that. Yeah, I well, I was eight. I was eight. Okay. Yeah, that's true. So it, it's been a minute. And Emini here it was, it was so much fun. And honestly it was filming once again. It just was like picking up where we left off. So Yeah. But I, I wanna say this about Marsai. Marsai came in and auditioned for Blackish at eight years old. Yeah. I witnessed her greatness.


Everything that The World is seeing right now. I witnessed this at eight And I pulled her aside And I told her this and, and, and this is where she is. And I also told her that one day I'm gonna be coming to her and begging for a job. So I just need you to remember this moment right here. So when I come to you, you got my back. And she was like, I got you. Joy. Yeah. Now you promised her a call when she turned 16. Was that true? This talk Emini here. Everybody wanna talk about that? I don't, I was Curious. I just wanna know if you, you followed through. I did. Oh, you followed through. I didn't follow. No, I I promised you car. How old are you? Oh, 20. Right? I'm 20. 20. Oh, so she need 4, 5, 4 Years. But, But first off, she ain't got a driver's license. Okay. I, I'm a responsible parent. I was gonna say that.


I'm a Responsible parent. He didn't know that for a minute though. He just didn't, he didn't. You don't think I Keep in contact with your mama and your daddy For in real life. I don talk to them. But still they, they like, oh, Marc got a license. But do you have a license? I don't See that's why you ain't grown, grown. I Do have have a car though. But She, she doesn't just have a car. She has a vehicle. I have a car. I have Okay. But my, I have a nice, When you ain't got tech stop, why you telling them what you got? Just, I just, I gotta have something I The World don't Another she has, she has a luxury vehicle with, no, not even a license. She ain't even got a driver's permit. Okay, Let's have a driver. You know, we call that, we call that Have you met her real mama?


Me. Hey Yo. Jesus. You need to meet Carol and Jo s right on point. Listen, listen. It's, it's there. Whenever, whenever I decided to take that, I, I definitely said I wanted to get it before I turned 21. I was like, And I can't be, I can't be legal in these spaces. And I You be Dirty. You've been in these streets for a while. And, and, and I'm glad she no longer wants the car that she asked me for. So I'm good. I'm off the hook. Oh yeah. No, She, What kind car? She wanted a Purple Electric car. I'm not gonna mention the name, but she wanted a purple electric car. Oh, a purple electric car. And I was gonna get it for too, I went shopping. No, I literally, I went to the, I went to the electric car place and, and and built it for her and all that. Dang dang. That's funny. Yeah, I did.


Yeah. Nah. So tell us about G 20. Talk about that G wagon you got since we talking about GG 20. G 20 is battle Run flat tires. Tell Us about G Let's promote. Let's promote. Okay. Oh, I thought we were promoting promoting your, your G wagon. No, let's talk about this movie G 20. Yeah. You that start streaming globally. We just don't make regional movies. We make global movies. Right. Baby girl, I wanted to ask you about that, Anthony. 'cause I feel like your international presence has grown tremendously. Have you been intentional about that? Always been intentional about that, man. And, and you know what, it started when, when I started making movies with Jet Lee 20 some odd years ago. First one was Romeo Must Die. And that really was just on a global scale. And, and then to be able to work with some of the people that I've worked with and almost 30 years man, you know, with Eddie Murphy, Martin Lawrence, Jim Carrey, the Farley Brothers, Martin Scorsese, you know, just people like that.


It just continues to grow and, and get bigger. Yeah. So it, it's, it's it really been intentional. And when it's also intentional to move away from the comedy at one point to do more dramatic roles. So I wouldn't just be typecast. It's just a fat, funny dude. It was like, no, this is what I do. I've been training at this since I was nine years old. So let me really show you my range and what I can do. Yeah. And so we were, I was able to do that by doing shows like Law and Order and the Shield and movies like Hustle and Flow and The Departed and things like that. All of those were strategic moves. Yeah. And speaking of range, how was it seeing Viola Davis in her action Hack? She's an hack. She's action.


Isn't that real action? It's an act. No, no. It's definitely not a hack. Let me tell you. No, I said she's a hack. No, I didn't say it's an hack. I heard you. I tried. Like I No, no. They were like, she's an actress. I just couldn't hear. I didn't know what you said. No, it was, it was, It was amazing. You've seen Viola cry on screen. Snot bubble bubble. You know what I'm saying? And all that. We ain't even made a joke about her and her snot bubbles and tears on Blackish. It was, it was great to beautiful to work. You know, she, we don't talk about Viola snot bubble enough. That was like Denzel's glory tip. Yeah. Oh my. That was, no, but working with Viola was, was was a dream come true. And Emini here, look man, she's an ego.


Yeah. Yeah. It's, there are only about 18 OTTs in The World. And you know, we got to work with one in a very special way. Yeah. All right. We have more with Anthony Anderson and Marsai Martin when we come back there. New Movie G 20 is available on Amazon Prime. Now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Anthony Anderson and Marse Martin. Their New Movie. G 20 is out right now. Jess. Yeah. What does a blackish reunion look like? I don't think it's ever gonna happen. Damn. I'm Marse don't show up to things. Damn. Why you putting all this on me? Show Rob. I can't put it on Tracy. Show up.


Why not Me? No, we look, we, we would love to have a, we would love and, And I hope we have a, a blackish reunion soon. How long it been since the show ended on like two, three years. Right? Almost. It's going on three years. Yeah. Yeah. I was 17 going on 18, so Yeah. Yeah, usually How close is everybody, the cast? Everybody still keep in touch? Yes. My, my twin miles, he's, he's truly my best friend. We Call him Playboy Cardi now? Yes. Oh, little Playboy card. He's in his Playboy Cardi era. Love him. But he got Dread face tattoos? No, no, not yet. No. He just outside. Just outside. Outside. Damn Playboy card.


Oh, okay. I stop calling my man Playboy card. Look, He really like The guy, But no, he's my best friend. I didn't wanna put that on him. We have, we have a friend group, like all together and we are working on some things as a whole. And did You call him back last night? Did you FaceTime him after we were done? No, I went to sleep. He knows, he knows it's, that's Cold. I was right there when you 30 mentally. So I'll be, I'll be turning off my phone, but we talk all the time. How Much did this role scratch you, Anthony? 'cause you know, you said it's, it's, it's a drama and like you all known him for the comedy and you're also playing like the, the, the, the nurturer role. Yeah. Like my man's not an Actor. The woman play one part, the head of the household in this one. No, I'm talking to you like that, Anthony.


Yeah. No, I'm not. I'm Emini here an he's asking questions. I, I get it. He didn't, he didn't see nothing. So, you know, again, it goes back to, you know, the dynamic between Marsai And I, you know, not falling into that shorthand that we have. And you know, I've been a part of some great films with action in them. I've never been a part of an action film. And so I just had to be prepared for that to make sure that it was believable. And it's not all that's just, and up there going through the motions and doing that. So, you know, I I I, I showed up, you know, a as, as I could. And to answer your question about, you know, it, it's, it's role reversal. You know, normally the, the, the man is the president of the United States, you know, and, and the first lady is being the nurturer.


So these roles were reversed. Yeah. You know, and you rarely get to see that. You know, and, And I was playing the nurturing role in, in this character or with this character for my children. And allowing the power, not that women don't have power and use that power and have that power in films, but allowing Viola's character to have that power and wielded and not be emasculated by it. And just understand that I'm standing next to this right here, we are in this together, but she has her role And I have mine. Yeah. So I just wanted to make sure I showed up for that and, and not fall flat. And so people was like, oh, okay. That was believable. That that was real. Could you be in a relationship like that in real life? I could. I'm, I'm secure in, in my masculinity and my manhood and, and who I am and, and what I bring to the table.


So yeah, I could definitely be secure in a relationship. She would've, she have to have the money and power though. It, it doesn't matter. We, we are a team. How did that work for you, Mae? 'cause you the boss, right? You've got your own production company, you are a boss in. Yes. You know, how would you want the man to show up? Oh Wow. World wise. Mm. Yeah. I think, honestly, I think it's communication and listening and understanding and a willing to understand. I feel like at times I've had a mul multiple conversations with a bunch of different people. And I think the main thing is them ready to respond without actually listening and understanding what the whole situation is.


You hear that race car driver guy And, oh God, he, and he's really, he's really great at that. Honestly, like the, like he Great at being a race car driver or great at being what you need in a religion's Emotional, vulnerable understanding. No, he is. And, and look, you know, I, I get that from, from the two con, two or three conversations that I had with him. Yeah. No, he's, he's great. And Emini here. I think what's I, what's important is, is that If he wasn't, I I was gonna run him off. I was gonna run him off. He's embarrassing dad. That's what it Just say. Like, just being real Emini here. Hey man, you not good enough. But he is, he He's he's the best. I know you got your production company and everything. Yeah. And you've done a lot much. She About to ask, ask you for a job so much More. No, I wasn't, I ain't even asked nothing yet.


Damn. I wanted to know what else did you want to do? You know, you at a very young age, you've done so much. Yeah, thank you. You still got a lot more life to live and a lot more career to go. What else do you wanna do? I think seeing how far my creativity can get, I'm working on my festival right now, which is very world building for me, which is very exciting. It'll be, what's the festival? It, it's called say Summer Cookout. And it's a, it's a destination type of festival. So the first year was in Atlanta, second year was in dc. This year it'll be in Houston. Nice, okay. Nice. In August 31st. So what, that would be exciting. What do, what did you do there? What do you do? What do we do? It's black owned businesses. Vendors from, it's like Texas based vendors.


This year we have performers of course. Nice. That is from, and cater to that community. And it's HBCU centered. Wow. So I think that is something that I've always wanted to do. It's a, it's a avenue that I feel like is so untouched and mostly overlooked. And I, I am very excited to, and also be in touch with new adults my age, you know, going through the same things. Emini here, even though I'm doing this and you see a camera on my face, there is no difference between that person when the camera goes off. So, and it's no phones. It's no phones. Oh wow. The first year we did no plus ones. It was literally come as you are and to be able to have these celebrities and these students wanna become them one day or do something in that light.


And they have real conversations at the cookout. Yeah. Emini here. It's, it's something that I've truly wanted to do. And then Emini here, on top of that, we have podcasts, of course still movies coming up. I have a movie coming out with Corny b Vance soon. Which is very exciting. So nice. That's okay. We're not, we're not, we're not, we're not here to talk about those Emini Here. We're talking. She said what's next? Okay, I'm talking. You Just told, you could just said other movies. G 20 is streaming now on Amazon. Not Just streaming Now. Streaming globally. Globally. Telling people globally we don't make regional films. That's Right. Thank you so much. Marsai Martin and Anthony Anderson. Oh, I thought you forgot about me. She told me to say her name first. Yeah, No, she should Emini here. How did I do that? Yeah, you just did. She texted me by showing up the way that you did.


They know who the real diva is. You've earned it Marsai. You have Young Quin is alive. She earned it first on the call sheet. She was the reason. Got that. She was the reason we got the first three seasons of Blackish on the air. I'm just gonna give it to her. Oh, it's going be where Somehow some way he play your son. So she send me s Right. Science Fiction something and then you gotta put me in. Let's make it a hard, it has to be a hard created by that. Not, not me. That was all her. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to pastor the A. Yeah. Dj Come Spin. Spin. What's up Nyla? What's up guys? Hey Girl. Big Nyla Simone. Yes. How are y'all Man? Fresh off. Dreamville. Fesh Fresh. Yeah. Yes. I had a good, I had a great time. It was raining. Weather was nasty. It was rain all weekend. Yeah, that was like nine all weekend. N yo, I Aint, I had tickets.


I asked. Oh yo, you coming to On the radio? I tell it was gonna come. Sunday is not a cuss word. Yes it is. No it's is it? Yes. We Have a quota and just have quota passed that quote a long Time, time ago. Oh my God. And we got some perceptual back and they said, this is why I love white people love this radio station. Because That statement is a lot here on this show. I hate N not, I'm not saying that no more, but I hate people that say they gonna do something and then don't do it. No. And I was looking for you Black people, preferably Jess. I'm not gonna drag you into it, but envy. I was supposed to come Sunday but I didn't. The weather was disgusting and it was You went Friday, Saturday and Sunday the Whole, yeah. I threw a party Friday, then Saturday and Sunday I just was outside. So tell us about it. It was fire. I wanna say this was Cole's best set list ever.


Mm. I think he usually does like the same order, but this time he did a lot of like mix tape V besides, it's like the songs, people who are real friends actually listen to. So that was dope. Obviously Juvie. Manny Wayne Dope, ERY Badu magical. I finally gotta to see er Badu last. So that was really dope. That killed It. When my merch, what? My certified vibe. Merch. It's right there. Hey. Okay. Okay. I got you. See I'm prepared. Okay, birds. I'm prepared. But now what We got this week though. Yes. It was dope. Okay. This week I wanna get into Deontay Hitchcock. He actually just dropped an album. This is his first project since being a indie artist. So he's been in like a label deal that had him stuck and he couldn't really do anything.


So now that he's free, he's out. And the song that I like the most so far is called Born Broke, die Rich. I ain't gonna lie, I used to rap like that when I was on a perky. Yes. Devonte could rap his ass off though. I remember I don liking him for a long time. I used to post his videos back in the day when he used to be rapping in the Cop. Yes. It car freestyles. Where you From? That was years ago. Atlanta. Oh, okay. Okay. That's what's up. Yeah. Al also the clean version doesn't really do any justice. So definitely make sure you guys go check out the project. 'cause it's fire. You really got this wig in the studio. Oh my God. Yeah. Okay, next I'm gonna go with this Quavo and Little Baby record. It's called Legends. I Feel like, I feel like I've heard, heard that a million times already. You know what, Emini here. Yeah, no, I get it.


Sound like the, like the A version of like several different songs I've heard over the years. And it feel like Emini here. It's never really too late, but it feel like it's a little too late. Like there was a moment when I would've wanna say like, what QC was Red Hot. I would've loved that Amigos Little Baby. Yeah, That's Qua. That's Quavo. But you know what the, the ad-libs still, I still miss those ad-libs though. Oh yeah. You talking about Amigos? Yeah. That's the Mr. Migos ad-Libs and Migos records Though I felt Like, and Takeoff would've been, you know, takeoff would've floated on that. You know what I'm saying? Like, I felt like I wouldn't be doing my job if I didn't highlight the record. That's all. But they did say what you think about it. I don't love it. I feel the same way. You guys still don't love it. But Lauren was saying that Offset tweeted a trash can and then deleted it.


Mm. I don't know. Now my thing. Jeez. Okay, so I have two more records. This one is from Ray V and it's actually a pretty serious record. He's telling his life story. It's called Flat. I love that one. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Thumbs up. But That, yeah, Ray v's. Great at storytelling. If you guys are into storytelling, definitely make sure you guys tap in. And then my last one is an RB record. It's Dustin Conrad and Tezo Touchdown. It's called The Last Time. What y'all think? I was curious. 'cause nice vibe. Nice vibe. Cool. Not Mad at the vibe. It's cool. Okay. Younger generation loves Dustin Conrad. Don't Try to blame it on Young on Youth. It It definitely Is. Yeah. Justice is only 33. Yo, There's a, You mean I'm saying somebody don't like? No, I'm just saying they like, they are a big deal.


I feel like for some reason the disconnect. There's a disconnect. Like Eli was in the other room, like This is the jam, it's going down, this Is the jam. And then you guys are in here like, you Know Eli was out three days because he had to get his stomach pump. What is that gotta do with anything? Why? With too much owl semen. Oh, Okay. So I Don't think nothing he said about nobody. Wow. All right. Wow. Okay. Did that guy have any connection to OVL? Who you played? No. Toronto in any way? No. Oh, okay man. Dustin is signed to Kani and to, and Tito touchdown is from Texas. Okay. But y'all, you guys are gonna tap in. He has an album drop in next month. So nice. But if you guys like those records make you guys follow me on the gram at Nyla Simone. That's N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E.


Click the link bio. There's a playlist. There's events, there's so much stuff. What's the Next event you're doing? Nyla? The next event is actually next Friday at Astoria. Hey In Newark, New Jersey. 7 9 9 Broad Street. I'm actually trying something new I'm gonna be doing. We need to talk live my podcast with Smith and Weston. And we're gonna do like a live band. So they'll be playing songs and then I'll be pulling questions from the songs And I think it's gonna be really dope. So next week, next week, Friday, Newark, New Jersey has story at 7 9 9 Broad Street. You know we'll be there. Yes. Nice. All right. You wanna smoke? I do edibles, but I would do 'em in public. And I wanna say something. 'cause in the comment section on YouTube, they keep saying, man, Nyla always high when she come here. I am not high.


I work. I don't believe you high. What? They be thinking you high. Yes. And I you do be. And I dj. I de No I Not all the time, but First of all, I don't beat. I don't even know where this is coming from. I just wanna clarify. I DJ before I come here. And you are a high Nyla. I Am. I am a high. She's The high. Yes. Okay. I know That's right, but okay, that's it. I just have to say my 2 cents. Alright, Well thank you Nyla. Yes, of course. Now let's get to the People's Choice mix. We throw back on a Friday and this this morning, it's all about Vibes Cartel. He's performing tonight. Barlay. And it's only right, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Now Jess, you heading out to Orlando, right? Yes. I will get there And I will be there tonight at The Funny Bone. We got two shows tonight and two shows tomorrow. I will be doing meet and greet tonight after the nine 30 show and meet and greet tomorrow after the nine 30 show. Get your tickets at Jess Hilarious official.com. Listen y'all, I need a videographer in Orlando to capture the shows in just some behind the scenes. Thanks. And I also need a lash tag because this right eye is shedding And I cannot be on stage with no bald ass eyes y'all. So make sure y'all hit me up and y'all drop the hottest lash texts and the hottest videographers in my dm. I can't wait to see y'all tonight. Orlando. All right. And also Salute to Vibes Cartel Esta through earlier.


Me and the wife will be checking him out this weekend. So salute to CJ and tj. He's performing at the Barclays, so I will be joining him one of those nights. I'm not sure which night, but my wife is is saying we gotta go. So we gotta go. Yeah, yeah, Because she's Jamaican too, right? She is. Absolutely. She mean Two Because he's Jamaican, right? Oh, Vibe I You talking about Envy vibe? Like what? Like no, we not doing that Now. He's Jamaican. Yo, I'm I'm Black American, sir. Oh, okay. Damn. All you Don forget y'all. Forget y'all. When we come back. Positive notice The Breakfast Club one morning. Morning everybody is CJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We gotta salute to Anthony Anderson and Marsai Martin as well for stopping through.


Man G 20 is out right now. That's right. Make sure you go check out G 20. Is that Oh yes, it's out on Amazon Prime. Yep. She's so ma mature y'all. She's so ma mature. She handles that and interview like a pro. Anthony was getting on my nerves so I know. I know he was getting on hers. Alright, She been dealing with it since she meant she was eight, so she probably don't even realize that. Right? She's being bothered at this point. Right. Well You got a positive note. I do. But I also want to tell people, man, today is April 11th. The third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival is happening April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards. Go get your tickets this weekend@blackeffect.com slash podcast Festival. You already know what it is. If you love podcast culture, if you love the business of podcasting, this is where you want to be. Tank and Jay Valentine will be on that stage with their RB Money podcast.


The Good Moms Bad Choices podcast will be there for all the moms who still want to have a life too. Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there with her Woman of Evolve podcast. So make sure you go get your tickets this weekend, black effect.com/podcast Festival. Okay, SLU to everybody who listens to us on 96.1, the Beat who's winning tickets to the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. SLU to my guy Louis V. He'll be out there providing the soundtrack. So we'll see you on April 26th. But the positive note is simply this, one of the hardest lessons in life is letting go. Whether it's guilt, anger, love, loss, or betrayal, change is never easy. We fight to hold on and we fight to let go. But you got to learn to let it go. Okay?


Have a great weekend Breakfast Club Bitches. You Finish or y'all done.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Check Out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream now pay never at And t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self-checkout by yourself, not guaranteed.


In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to. Have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.