
Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey, A b, C. Tonight The ship is heaven. We're attending to our past winter, our dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and John Johnson's. Your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be Okay. Dr. Odyssey series Premier Tonight. Nine eight Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Gear up for outdoor adventures. With the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Ready to elevate your game and connect with marketing's most influential leaders. Unlock your impact on culture at Black Week, October 15th through the 18th in New York City. Black Week is an economic forum and marketing conference created for and by Black and Latina top level executives in media, entertainment, tech, and more designed to inspire visionary professionals to lead with purpose. Black Week will redefine our economic profile in the market. Register now at Black week.co/register Black Week 2024. Claim your spot Now.


Listen to the show every single day. Breakfast Goddamnit, The, Breakfast, Club with that ass up On The Breakfast Club Club. Without being, You're like this rare air. You got platforms and partners all over the place because your demand is so high. People wanna be in business with the Breakfast, but I don't think white people know how popular you guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. Yeah. You guys really are like the hip hop early morning and late night talk show. Y'all know what Y'all talking about. Who? Good morning.


USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is still out on maternity leave. Come on Laura. LaRosa. Good morning Charlemagne guy. Peace To the planet. It's Thursday. Yes. We are back for another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Man, I feel blessed black and highly favored. How do y'all feel out now? They don't look at me like that. You look so stupid. Like it's not like relax. What happened? Dallas Cowboys played the New York Giants tonight. That's right. Oh, that's why Ready the gear. I think you need to relax. Like I'm relaxing. 'cause when You know our team sucked the way that they suck.


We need to be very humble and just enjoy the game. Okay. And whoever wins winning my BA And Y'all thought your team was doing well, what happened? Who said You? Who told you That? Yeah. You don't pay attention. Yeah. Who told you that? I don't know. You just be so excited. I just thought they were winners. No, no, No. Our team got the same record. One and two. One and two. Yeah. It's pretty bad. You'll be in here talking like, so y'all delusional too. I not delusional. Why do The World make it seem like only cowboy fans are delusional then they are. That's a great question, Lauren. He's the one that thinks he's gonna to Super Bowl. I don't think I'm gonna Super Bowl this Year that, that's called positive thinking. That is the power of positive thinking. He's been That's right. He's been positive thinking for six 16. You read them books Charlamagne been giving you. That's right. I know. That's right. Manifestation. Manifest. Manifestation. The things you want to happen in your life. You should constantly speak about the things you don't want to happen you shouldn't speak about at all.


But when do you stop? I shouldn't even have said we suck just now because I said I was. I wasn't gonna say that publicly. Okay, but when Do you stop? 'cause you've been saying it for 15 years. I'm I'm gonna be right. One year. One year. I'm gonna say the Dallas Cowboy going to the Super Bowl. What year? And I'm gonna be right. I'm gonna say that now we gonna the Super Bowl this year. And I'm gonna keep saying that until we are no longer in Super Bowl contention. Okay. Oh. So I would tell all Giants and Cowboys fans, we can sit around tonight and have our little N C's rivalry, but I think we both should be very humble and just enjoy the game tonight. And then whoever wins then you talk crazy tomorrow. Okay. Well that's why I'm wearing my jersey today 'cause I don't have confidence That y'all gonna win with It. Oh, you supposed to wear when you lose crazy lose. No, no, no, no. You wear it when you lose is when you really supposed to wear it. Nope.


Okay. Nope. We'll see tonight. Alright, Well I wish Y'all the both the best of luck. That's not how it works. Oh, sorry. Sorry about that. I'm saying that's why women have a bad reputation when it comes to sports. Right there saying things like that. That's not how it works. I just didn't want either one of you guys feeling bad. No. Well No. Somebody gotta loose. That's the beauty of sports. Mm. Anyway. Well Mickey, Mickey Guyton will be joining us this morning. Country Music Star. She was the first black woman nominated for Best Country solo performance at the Grammy. So yeah, She got a new album coming out tomorrow called House on Fire. That's right. Yeah. So she'll be here to talk to us about all things country music. Do y'all know any of her music by any chance?


Mickey Guyton? Yes. Yeah. Her album coming out Tomorrow House on Fire. Nah, she got a dope song. What's the song with her son about her son almost dying. Ooh. Yeah. Oh what? I can't remember what the name of it is. It's something about Love or Her Heart. Yes. But Scared Love. No, I think it is Scary Love. I think it is. And she got another song called Black Like Me, where she's just talking about her experiences. Yeah. My side of the country. That's another song's. This album that's on that's on this album. Okay. Yeah. So We can be kicking it with Mickey Guying, country Star, country Music Star. All right, now let's get the, the show Cracking Front page News, man. Did you guys hear about Eric Adams? The mayor of New York? Did I I don't see how you could miss it.


Alright. I'm sure we'd be breaking that down in a little bit. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jesse LAIs Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Lauren. Filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news now tonight in NFL before we jump into the news. The Giant stick on the Cowboys at eight 15 and WNBA playoffs. The Sun Beat the Fever last night, 87 81 and the Lynx beat the Mercury 1 0 180 8. Yeah. Caitlyn Clark is now out of the WNBA playoffs. Mm. I wonder if ratings are gonna go down because of that. Because I'm You know. I'm I'm a I'm a Nah. Aja Wilson. Half I'm ACEs fan. That's what I'm saying. I'm a ACEs fan 'cause I'm an Aja Wilson fan. South Carolina all Go Well Day. Yeah, they play.


That's the next round. Yeah. Liberty versus Ace. Yeah. People will Watch that. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Is it good Mor Is it a good morning in New York? We'll start with breaking news out of New York for your front pages. Why wouldn't it be we not indicted? I'm at work. Hey, well let's get into it. Somebody's job, somebody's black job is You know being threatened anyway, so I'm New York City Mayor e Eric Adams. He is being indicted on federal criminal charges. We don't know what the specific charges are, but the indictment is expected to be unsealed by US attorneys later today. Now the charges are reportedly connected to money from the Turkish government that got into the 2021 Adams campaign. Now let's hear from Mayor Adams. Let's, he, he responded to the indictment.


Let's hear that audio from him. These charges will be entirely false based on lies. I always knew that if I stood my ground for all of you, that I would be a target and a target I became. Yeah. So Adam, if, Go ahead. If it's legal contributions from Turkey or any other foreign country, they, they'll be able to trace that. They'll Be able to trace that easy. They'll just follow the money, which shouldn't be that hard to find, especially if he did it for his campaign. So they'll definitely be able to see that easily. The Feds don't come if they don't think they got something going on. Oh no. They usually got something going on if they already came. Adams is now the first sitting mayor in city history to be charged with a crime while in office.


Now he is claiming innocence and intends to fight the charges. A word of this federal indictment has You know, of course spread rapid fire. So it has spread in a post on XAOC Congresswoman, New York Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. She noted the numerous investigations surrounding city officials. She says she does not see how Adams can continue to govern adding the flood of resignations and vacancies that are threatening government function. And he should, and she's calling for him to step down. She and other elected officials are calling for him to step down in a statement. Well, we, we heard Adam's statement, but basically, yeah. So we will continue to see what happened with that. I also noted that in recent, I didn't wanna speculate, but basically last week the Health Commissioner resigned, and then days later the school's chance Chancellor resigned.


So again, that's usually a sign of a bigger issue. Yeah. People want him, people want him to resign. But he said he's not gonna resign. I mean, I think the governor has power to actually take him out if she wanted to. Yes. But we'll see what happens. I mean, he's, he's supposed to turn himself in next week. Yeah. It doesn't seem like charges stop people from running or being in office nowadays at all. Nowadays at You know. Case in point, Donald Trump. So, I mean, You know. I don't, I don't, I don't know if he should have to resign or step down or not. I Especially if he feels like he's innocent. I mean, and He is innocent until proven guilty. Guilty. That's right. Yeah. That Is very true. And I also will say when Mayor Adams was here last time, he said that, and this is his words, he said that there's an attack on black mayors all across the country.


When I look at him getting indicted, when I look at Marty Smalls in Atlantic City getting indicted, I can't help but wonder if there is something to that. I'm just saying there's A couple other cities he was talking about too. So Yeah, he named some, a few other cities. Now, governor Hoel did say that she was aware of the situation, but she has not said anything else regarding that. So switching gears, meanwhile, the House and the Senate have passed a three month funding extension that prevents the government shutdown. Yay. The bill would keep the government funded until December 20th. House Republicans, house Republican leaders relied heavily on Democratic votes to approve the measure. It will not include new voter registration requirements that former President Trump and other Republicans had called for any spending bill to include.


And President Biden is expected to quickly sign that into law. Speaking of President Biden, he said he would have been reelected if he remained in the race. And those, he made those comments on during an interview on Wednesday with the view on a BC. Let's run that audio If. you can. I was confident. I I I would beat Trump isn't, he's lose I never fully believed the assertions that somehow there was this overwhelming reluctance of my running again. I didn't sense that He's delusional. So Yeah. Yo, I was just about to say, y'all be saying I'm delusional, but I think maybe it's a Delaware Thing's. A Delaware, it's definitely a Delaware.


I'll Take that one because I even, I know that And I don't even know no poll numbers. No nothing. Well, it's the pro, the problem is everybody around him and You know probably listening to You know certain media personalities say things like, I'll vote for him if he was a corpse. You know I'd vote for him if he was dead. That's, that's insanity. Yeah. Right there. Like, I don't think that President Biden had no chance in November if he'd have stayed in the race. Well, he said he is at peace with the decision and You know that's, that's pretty much that. We can go ahead and wrap that up. But in the next hour we will talk VP Harris where she's at on the campaign trail and of course where Trump is at on the campaign trail. And we're on hurricane watch as well. So we'll talk about that at seven. All right. Thank you. Everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, it's B off from the Metro. How y'all doing today? Eight. Oh, Up three. What's happening my brother? Get it Off your chest. Alright, So I got a couple of things like Mayor Eric Adams does not look like a politician. He looks more like a, a junky old school club promoter. Man, shut Up. He should have known. And he, he should have known them people was going to get him.


He should have known he was never built for that position. Y'all just, so he should never put him. Y'all just say that. 'cause he be in the parties all the time. He don't look like no club promoter. Y'all know he look like he fried fish. No, no. That's the truth. And then for the second point, JD Vance, you gave him donkey today last week. And he was talking about how he's just dumb And I agree with you with all the things he says. Like he's a white coon. Ooh, explain that. Expound on what a white koon is. You don't hear that too often. He Just, he he just real ignorant. I think white people should look at him and realize he's bad for their race. He has, he has no business being in that position either as the vice president. Just a real ignorant MF flag across the board. Everything you put in that donkey today, last week, that's what he is And more.


I agree with you brother. Alright, Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Yo, it's Keith from Brooklyn. You heard Keith from Brooklyn. You heard Yo, what's going on? Good morning Envy. Good morning, Charlamagne. What's good, Charlamagne? Peace King. How you brother? I'm good brother. I can't complain too much, man. I'm at work. You know guys got is good? Yes sir. Yo, what's good Lauren? Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. All right y'all, I wanna say this real quick about Mayor Adams as a registered Republican. I just wanna say I like what Mayor Adams has done for this city. And I. And I really believe this mayor is trying real hard. The reason why I'm not a democrat is because, do you see how quick they are? They eat. They own U us. See how quick a OC was quick to be like he should resign. I agree. They did the same thing to Andrew Cuomo.


Bro, I don't like that. If that was a Republican, you see, you see how Donald Trump, he out here grabbing women by the vagina, smashing porn stars. And, and, and the Republican party is right behind him. I agree Donald. So why can't they do the same thing? I agree. Like they, like, like one thing I will say about Republicans is, at least with their own, they really do move with the innocent until proven, proven guilty thing. And that's why I said earlier, it's like, yo, you Donald Trump got all of these charges. You see other people with charges. You don't see nobody in their party asking them to step down, asking not at all them to resign. So You know, I don't, I don't know why we're so, I don't know why Democrats are so quick to do that. Hello, who's this? Good morning everybody. This is Ooma. Hey Ooma. Good morning. Good morning.


So Lauren, Lauren is here. Yeah, Lawrence here. Good Morning Ro. Stop coming for Charlemagne about he don't like black women. He, I don't know if I can do That. He, no, listen, listen to me. He has beautiful black wife. Four beautiful daughters. He was honored by power her last year and he supported Watch her win. Stop it. I don't know, maybe y'all got me, but black woman in general. Stop it girl. You Be hearing everything he be saying to me. That's just you. You heard what I said. I said y'all got bd. But it ain't all He tried to then he tried to throw Taylor under the bus in here yesterday. Just don't Delaware. Maybe just don't like Delaware. People from Delaware. Taylor's From Philly. Yeah. You. know What I'm saying? Taylor's from Philly.


But I just know. Come on, stop interrupting him when he's doing donkey today. Yes, he yesterday he solicited my interruptions. I did. Wow. I did. I will say, okay, Yesterday you did. Yesterday you Did. I I, I thank you. And please tell her to stop on Capable for white men too. She like to do that as well. Come since we're here. Stop it. I love y'all. I'll see you October 12th. Envy. I missed you at the HBCU classics this year. Aw. And y'all have a great, great day. Thank you very Much. You much Good morning. She said stop cable for Brett fall because you came for Brett Fog yesterday and he stole all that money from the, the the welfare recipient. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Yo Charla man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool. I outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now. Here. Tell you what, it's We live. Hello? Who's this? Yo, it's DJ Walk from the Atlanta. What up DJ Walk. What up? Get it off your chest. Yo. I just wanna say You know tell I've listen to y'all for like so many years. Probably about as long as y'all been on And I know y'all had like Hil, Hillary Clinton known that you had wan all that good stuff. I think y'all need to get Kamala Harris to come up there right now and air her piece You.


know what I mean? Because if we gonna keep it a buck, let's get the community listening in and find out exactly what it is she actually needs to say so we can all get on the same page. 'cause I feel like a lot of people call y'all bias because they're like, well we think they with Trump and this, that, and another. Well I think y'all need to bring her up there and let's air it out and find out why we really need to vote For us. Well, I'll tell you this. My brother the vice president before she was vice president, she was here in 2018 when she was a senator. She was here again in 2020 when she was running for president. I interviewed her on my TV show back in, what was that? 2022. 2023 when she was vice president. So I I'm sure she'll make her way here before the election.


I Mean, I, I'm alright. Alright, alright. Cool. So why'd you try to get Trump up there then? We don't have no problem having Trump here either. No. Trump his, his people have reached out. Yeah, they Reached out. Oh they did? Alright. Bet. Alright. Well look, like I said it's 2024. Like I said, let's go ahead and give him both an opportunity to come up there. Absolutely. Let's take the air. A hundred percent. That's what I agree with. Yo Charlemagne's Mans wanna say, I got all three of your books. I'm not calling anything. Just wanna let You know. They all good with me man. And, I appreciate you You. know what I'm saying? Sending all that good word out to the black community, man. Thank you King. I appreciate you brother. Have a good One brother. Alright. Blessed up. You Don't ever realize the politics, you can't win on either. What you mean? Like If, you had Trump here, people will be upset. If, you bring Kamala here, people will be upset. You literally can't win.


So you just gotta like stay in the middle and let people have conversations about what they're gonna do and mind your business about what you wanna do. Yeah. I think what people don't realize though is that You know when you talk about people like Trump, 70 plus million people voted for him. Yeah. A couple of times. You know what I mean? So that's a lot of folks. Like, so it's like, it don't matter like You know, like, like you just said, you're damned If. you do, you're damned If. you don't. So you gonna have some people who gonna be pleased about it. Some people who not. All we can do is our job. That's right. And our job is to provide a platform for who, who who wants it. Hello? Especially if they running for president. Yeah. Hello. Who's this? Yaya. Yaya. What's up? Get it off your chest. Yaya. Good morning. I got a genuine question for you guys. I just don't wanna be educated.


My question to you is, what exactly do you consider to be black? Your ethnicity? Or is it it more the color of your skin? I think for me it's the color of your skin. What do you Mean? Let me ask you a couple questions. Do you consider a dark-skinned Dominican? Alright, Your phone is breaking up. It's going crazy. You said You consider a dark-skinned Dominican. Black. Black. No, they're Dominican. But in the eyes of, of society, in America, if they present as black, they gonna be looked at as an, It's more the ethnicity rather than the color of your skin. So no If, you, if If you get If, you get the chance to have a conversation with a person and get to know that person. But the way we present in this society, if you're a dark-skinned person and you present as black, you're gonna get treated as such. Okay. So what is, what would be more considered black African?


This is a very difficult conversation to have. What a phone is going in and out. Because all I heard was black African. But I, I will say You know to me it is less the color of your skin. Because some people are darker. Darker. You're white, Dominican. No, shut up. You wanna Be black? No, shut up. 'cause some people are darker skinned and they don't consider themselves black. Who like, Oh, like Afro Like nah, like, yeah, like Dominican. Some Dominicans don't, they don't consider themselves black And they're absolutely right. I, I guess, but I'm Black And, I'm a lighter skin, but I'm black. No, you're white. And Davin shut Up. I'm black. Don't people Don't do that. But to society, You know those people who are of darker skin and look like black people. Right? They people don't know their ethnicity. Right. So in this society, they still get treated You know 'cause of the caste system. Like they're black. Right? But like, like what's the dude that played for for the Knicks?


What's the dude that played for the Knicks? The tall dude that played for the Knicks. The tall dude that played for the black. That was the stupidest thing I've ever heard in my life. Who's the tall dude that played for the Knicks? He know, He know what I'm talking about. All of them? No, but Augustine is, he's, he looks like a white boy when, when you see him playing Hoenstein hardest. But he's black. His dad is black. But he looks like when I If you just look at him. He looks like, oh, Isaiah. Isaiah Hoenstein. He looks fully white, but his dad's black. Isaiah Hartenstein is white. I mean black. Yes. His dad is black. I Thought he was German. No, his dad is black. Look at his dad. Oh, I Have a friend that's, that's like this. When I first met her, I thought she was white. But If, you look white. White mom Is black. This man is adopted. Isaiah Harden is a German American professional basketball player for the Oklahoma City Thunder. He's played for the Knicks. Dad is black.


His dad is black. Yes. See but what does he look like? I don't know bro. I need a blood test. See, I don't know about this one bro. See, I don't know about this. Sal's baby Daddy's baby. He Look white, white, white, white. About this one. This. But his dad is black. No, he look white. White. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't think y'all wrong about this one. But look it up. Look at up. Look up his dad. I I, I see what his daddy don't look black. Black. But his Dad's black. His father was a German American basketball coach and former professional basketball player of mixed African American heritage. His mother is white. So his dad must be biracial as well. Correct. So So what does that make him? I don't know. It's too much. I know it's too much. No idea.


Alright. Honestly, I feel like it should depend on how well you can play spades. Alright Lord. Okay. Alright. I'm sure you don't even play big joker little joke or two. A diamonds to a a spade. Yes. Well we don't use it to a diamond, but we do do two. A spa. Big joker little jokers. Y'all don't use two A diamonds. No DOA diamonds. No. Remember I called my grandma. No we don't. It's Supposed to be big joker, little joker Diamond. Diamonds. Diamonds. And then two a I mean deuce a spade, an Ace king Queen guess no We don't do DOA diamond. We take the doused diamond. Y'all probably used the two clubs or something. We Take the to a hard Stop.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan towing guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke.


Break moments Like seeing my son's team, cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities and liver blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, Hey, it's John O'Brien from Money and Wealth on the Black Effect Network on iHeartRadio. I'm inviting you to come to join me at Black Week October 15th through 18th in the big Apple, New York City. Black Week is an economic conference that aims to move our culture forward and drive greater economic opportunity to diverse businesses, suppliers, and professionals. As an entrepreneur and businessman myself who has created over 40 enterprises and a leading expert in financial economic inclusion, I understand the power of economic opportunity and financial literacy, which I think is a civil rights issue of this generation. Come be a part of this first of its kind event intended to unlock the potential of black and diverse creators and consumers. Helping you to get into the C-Suites where these decisions are made. Tickets can be purchased@blackweek.co slash register where you can use my exclusive code JB Black Week to receive 20% off your executive registration and hear me speak Live Black Week 2024, October 15th through October 18th in New York City. Claim your spot Today.


Tour Clubs is not something, it's just in the, in the deck. No, we take the Tour clubs and Two Hearts. Hearts out and the tour clubs. No, we The two hearts Anyway. Delaware is Different. No way. I think we take the Duc of hearts deuces diamonds out. Don't quote me on the hearts, I'll call my grandma. Oh my Goodness. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? Oh Boy do we. Cardi being offset second seen last night. Internet on fire yesterday. Alright, we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just With The Mess with Lauren Osa. Your news is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying.


Don't do, she don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren Osa. I back. And. I got the message. Talk to me. So yesterday, Cardi B and Offset gave the internet a show, honey. So Cardi B hopped on live and she's in Paris for Paris Fashion Week. And this is the first time that people had seen her out since the baby. So You know she already had the internet buzzing. She gets on live and it starts off, she's having a conversation just about offset in general and, and some of, I guess the stuff that they're going through.


But while she's commenting and we're gonna listen to the live while she's talking, we're gonna listen to the live offset comments on the live that she had had sex with somebody while she was pregnant. So it brought more people into the live. Let's take a listen to Cardi on Live talking about Offset and him being a narcissist And You know what's so crazy. I really be feeling like when people be saying like narcissist, narcissist, narcissist and everything, I be like, do y'all even know what that word mean? But now I really do See what's a narcissist You know what's so crazy. I find it so crazy. Right? That an think that they could just buy a bit You. know what I'm saying? I love me. But you can buy it. You can buy me no more Mother And I.


And it's so crazy that if think that that's enough, it's not enough honey. It's just not enough. Enough. And then Cardi started to go into the fact that Offset is according to her threatening court wars. Like she, he's threatening to take stuff back. Let's take a listen to that. Think that they could on anything. But when I, when I start talking to Nick, you wanna play those games with me? We gonna play them games too. Since you wanna threaten me take talking about you want to take my shit, you wanna take my shit because I'm moving on. Move on. Why can't you move on? It's no fun when, when where mama got the gun, right? It's no fun when now I'm slanging right now we now we going to court war.


Right. Get off my phone. I don't give a fuck. I'm tired. So she's saying get off my phone. 'cause as she's on live, somebody is calling her repeatedly because it keeps shutting the live off. But I I I was very confused 'cause I'm like, take your stuff. Cardi is like, she got money, she got bread, she could buy her own stuff. So I don't even know why that's like a conversation, but it Probably got stuff together. You gotta think like land and property and homes, maybe businesses. Yeah. And she could get all that on her own if she wanted to. So I don't know. I would, I Okay, we gonna get into the conversation of, of of just the argument in general. But then she continues. So then she starts talking about the fact that, because now at this point, everybody on Twitter and, and the internet is having a conversation about the fact that Offset has accused her of sleeping with someone while she was pregnant with his child.


So she goes into the having sex with the ops conversation. Let's take a look. I Just wanna let, I just wanna let more know one good. Right? I don't give a fuck if a talking about, oh, I'm gonna expose you or I'm gonna put them text messages that so through your phone. I don't give a fuck. I'll expose my own TI don't give a fuck. I don't care. You should be happy that I'm a real gangster ass bitch at the end of the day. So one thing I'm not gonna do to you ever is entertaining them. Your ops, they're being my dms trying to suck my I will never do that because the op to you is they want you dead. And. I don't want you dead because my kids love the attitude. No, I don't have to do that. I just got better than you.


It was a lot yesterday, y'all. It was a lot. A whole lot. And it continued into the comments. They got into the comments and she was talking about like You know to offset like, you keep calling me and you was blocked all week and you had to DM me. He's like, I already won you my you the baby mom. Like, it, it was a, it was a whole lot. It Was nasty. Yeah. I don't like seeing any of that play out over social media. Like You know these strangers don't need to be privy to any of that information. You know, call each other meet up and curse each other out. Like You know y'all are adults with kids. Like have that convo amongst each other. Because I feel like when the emotions wear off like today, like the next day, both of 'em gotta regret airing each other out. Yeah. Or social media. And, I. You just have to Yeah, she Said yesterday she wouldn't do it again and she was only doing this because she was responding to him.


And that You know, she, she said the, the main reason Responding. Oh. So he went, he went public first I guess he, He's been tweeting, so he's been tweeting stuff. And at he, his tweets were like, earlier this week he tweeted something I, I'll go in to find the tweets, but he, he tweeted something that got the people going. He didn't say card's name, but it's like You know. We all know that they're going through whatever because like You know, a few months ago there was a divorce filing. So I guess something happened where she got fed up and she hopped on live and went off. And then his comment in the live accusing her of having sex with somebody while pregnant did not make it any better. No, I didn't make it any better. She started going off. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You gotta stop playing social media games with people you love You know what I'm saying?


Like, at the end of the day, that's your, that's your wife. That's mother. Your child. Like, don't do that. She said You know he's a good dad. She said he he's a great dad. But she said their relationship just is, they're not together now. But what she did say was, she's not gonna do this anymore. Not because of the family. 'cause she said the next guy that she dates probably won't want to date her because she, she will be putting up Play the internet games. But she been playing in That game since she first met. She said she's not gonna do it anymore. So she said she's not gonna do It anymore. All says tweets were one of 'em was a, a bee gonna be a bee and a ho gonna be a ho. That was one of the tweets. So You know people picked that up and thought he was sucking about Cardi. Yeah. Don't don't don't play internet games with people you love man You know what I'm saying? Because at the end of the day, like You know y'all still got a whole family to raise. Yeah. Together. Yeah. But yeah, like you said, they got three young kids with each other.


So they got a long way to Go. Now Diddy back in the news, always again happening again. TMZ is dropping this like documentary style thing that they do on Tubi. It's called the Downfall of Diddy. It covers all of the indictment now in the, this documentary, his Attorney, I hate, I hate that by the way. What, because you only really get one side. You only get the side of, of the indictment. You, you don't get the other side of anything. Diddy's attorney is in here. Oh, okay. He Bring That back in. I was surprised to see it. No, he's he was in there. Yeah. So Mark Aglio sat down with TMZ for this and he talked about a bunch of stuff. So he talked about the baby oil explanation. They Called him freak offs. But You know back when I was a kid in the late seventies, they were called threesomes.


If these are genuinely threesomes, how do you explain a thousand bottles of baby oil? I don't know where the number a thousand came. The US attorney said It. I can't imagine it's thousands. I mean, You know and, and I'm not really sure what the baby oil has to do with anything. They're essentially saying it's a lubricant for an orgy. I guess I, I don't know what you need 1,001 bottle of baby oil goes a long way. I dunno what you need. Need a thousand for Jesus. He's right mean he has a big house he buys in bulk. You know, I think they have Costcos in every place where he has a home. I don't think it was a thousand. Oh my goodness. I think it was, I think it was, let's just just say it's a lot baby. I I wish I could possess people. I want possess 'em in that moment and say, well Harvey, it's a lot of buttholes out there that need luing.


Okay. Those cheeks be shaved. You understand, don't you? But how do Ain't the one who Telling them it You know it's lubricant so Harvey get it. But Okay, but how the lawyer gonna be like, I don't know why he need that many bottles. I mean one bottle wash long way. Like that's your client. That's, that's honest though. I like, I like the honesty. I want because, because Does anybody ask the federal agents why the baby oil and lubricant was pertinent to the story and who counted the bottle of the lubricant that know it was a Thousand? Yo if that was your job to count all of that. That's what I'm saying. Like, Like, okay, we gonna move on. 'cause there's one more I wanna get. There's one more audio in. So they also talk about the, like the actual case and the trial when it happens, what's going to happen? And Didi's attorney is saying that Didi is going to testify and wants to testify on his own behalf. Let's take a listen. I I I don't know that I could keep him off the stand.


I I think he is very eager to tell his story. And I think he will tell every part of his story, including what you see on the video. So I expect it's gonna be explained by the both of us. He has his story and he has a story that I think only he can tell in the way he can tell it in real time. And it's a human story. It's a story of love. It's a story of hurt. It's a story of heartbreak. I mean, when he describes that relationship, the word he uses more than any other word is heartbreak. Man, it sound good with that music behind it, but I don't know y'all, I'm a little nervous about did it getting on the stand. Shoot, I think he should take the stand. I never understand any of these cases.


When folks don't take the stand. If I was facing all these charges, And I believed I was innocent. I'm taking the stand. Even if You know in, in his situation, I think him taking the stand and telling the truth is a good thing. Because the truth don't need no defense only witnesses. And I'm gonna be You know my, my number one eye witness in a situation like that. And I think he should take the stand and tell the truth. Talk about all your addictions. Talk about You. know how, how the industry got got the best of you. You know, talk about why you need all of the loop. But the the only problem, Not a dry butt hole in the building, period. Stupid. The only problem is we're taking the stand is when you take the stand and you're getting cross examined, you have to make sure that your client can have a, a cool, calm composure that he's not showing You know snapping back. He might not, he might cry, he might break down.


He might, but he Might gonna need to see a new week. But there's a possibility that Diddy might snap back, that might say something back. He might clap back or something. Because everything we've been seeing according to the prosecutors with the outreach to these witnesses or whatever, it's still given it's bad. Boy baby. You don't know who you talking to. He can't do that on the stand. No, he can't. Not with them. I am sure they're gonna have some of the witnesses and You know. I, I assume Cassie may take the stand too. That's not confirmed. I'm just assuming that. But I also wanna mention 50 cent. He has his Diddy oil that he's been posting about. This isn't a real product, he's just being funny. But he has his documentary that he's gonna be doing with Netflix as well too. So that'll be coming as well. Take the stand man. Take the stand and tell the truth straight up. Especially If, you a person like Diddy who claim to be a man of faith, right?


Who claim to believe in God the way he believes in God. I wanna give you this. Take the stand and tell the truth. I printed this video off for you. And then, and then it's how people, what, what is that? Understand the truth, right? Because somebody, he might say something You know understanding of the truth. It's not because people can take the truth differently. You can say something which means it You know. We all know. You can say there's Only one way to take. I like buttholes. Okay, we going Okay. What about begging to peg? Begging To PI was begging for a peg. See that? Yeah. That'll hit harder than anything Johnny Cochrane ever said in the courtroom. So I got, so if the glove don't fit, it must have quit. I was begging Paul Pagan. That's what You would say. Understand What man? Please That if he, if he go up there and admit all of that. Come on now. Say it again. Come on now. Say it again. Shut up. You got it.


Oh, you trying to see that's what I'm saying. What I'm In Hit Serious. You trying to set him up? Yeah, I was trying to set him up. Yeah, because they got it. Because ri rhymes in the courtroom work. They do. We've seen that. We saw that. Rhymes in the courtroom work. And don't nothing hit if don't like that. If it don't, it Don't fit. You must have quit. Must have Quit. Well see. But the things that would've pegged him could fit anywhere depending on With the lubricant. Okay, let's move on now. We thousand bottles now we, let's, let's, we get it. I don't even wanna get it. I don't even want I Matt like, all Right, alright, alright, well that was just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. That's kind of crazy. No, now I was talking, Oh, Envy. That's Not what we On, On the, we're moving on on The Now where we come back.


We got birthday news Morgan will be joining us and then country singer Mickey guy. So don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news, some quick sports tonight. The Giants take on the Cowboys at eight 15 and WNBA playoffs. The sun beat the Fever 87 81 and the links beat the Mercury 1 0 1 2 88. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Let's get into it. So vice President Kamala Harris. She says her economic plan will build the middle class if she becomes president. She spoke about her plan for the economy at a campaign event in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on Wednesday.


Let's jump right into those comments from the BP in Pittsburgh. I intend to chart a new way forward and grow America's middle class. Donald Trump intends to take America backward. He has no intention to grow our middle class. He's only interested in making life better for himself and people like himself. She been saying this for months though. She been talking about her plan to rebuild the middle class for much. I mean, that's one of the reasons that You know, I I I have no problem getting behind her and, and supporting her because of what she wants to do with the middle class. Giving everybody the opportunity to own a home. Everybody, the opportunity to own a small business.


I, I I think that's great. So she compared her plan to that of former President Trump saying for him, the economy works best if, if it's works best for those who own big skyscrapers, not for people who build them. This mark, the Vice President's eighth visit to the Battleground state. It's often being said that whoever wins Pennsylvania will win the election. She also sat down for an exclusive interview with M-S-N-B-C where she doubled down on those comments about Trump making false promises, adding that he left the economy worse than since, in worse, in a worse state since the Great Depression and said top economists in the US have compared each candidate's plan saying hers would grow the economy while Trump's would shrink it.


Now Harris is set to visit Arizona, another key swing state on Friday, while Trump has identified increased oil drilling and tariffs on autos made outside the US as his cornerstones for his economic plan. Now speaking of Donald Trump, he said the US should warn Iran about threatening politicians. Now he made the comments while speaking in Mint Hill, North Carolina yesterday adding, he was briefed by intelligence officials about ongoing Iranian threats to assassinate him. Let's hear those comments from Trump on the threat from Iran. You do any attacks on former presidents or candidates for president, your country gets blown to Smither Eames, as we say, we are under threat.


I have been threatened very directly And I appreciate the agencies that we've been meeting with, but we've been threatened very directly by Iran. Four years ago our country was feared and respected and our country will soon be feared and respected again. We have to have that I'll, I'll say this You know, I, I'm not going downplay the threats from Iran 'cause I simply don't know, but those people who have been shooting at Trump, they haven't been from Iran, but I haven't seen Trump demonize white men. Not once You know what I mean? Like not once. Yeah, interesting fact. Yeah. And I. And I. Wanna say something else you brought up too, Morgan?


The interview that the vice president did with Stephanie rule on M-S-N-B-C. I think that's been her best conversation that we've seen her have since she's been announced as the democratic nominee. Yeah, regarding that actual, that interview she actually talked about further, further she talked about how picking Tim Walls as her running mate was a gut decision. So I think that humanized her and You know You know. Yeah. I like, I I like, I just liked the way Stephanie rule You know, I liked a lot of her follow up questions. Like You know when she, when the vice president brought up her talking points about You know Donald Trump ruining the economy, he and Stephanie pushed back. It was like, well it, it was a, it was a dramatic down downturn because of the pandemic.


And so the vice president was, she had to explain it even further and talk about how even before the pandemic he lost manufacturing jobs and You know he, he has tax cuts for billionaires and the top corporations in our country. I just thought it was a a a, a really good conversation. I thought Stephanie Rule did a great job. Speaking of Trump You know back on the topic of Trump and this whole Iranian threat. He, he said that the sitting president needs to be firm with Iran and any other country that makes those type of threats towards us politicians. Now he added that if he were a president again, The World would fear the us. And speaking of what's going on here on the home front, we are on hurricane watch right now. Many in the south are bracing for Hurricane Helene.


Forecasters say Helene is expected to make landfall in Florida later today. The storm is expected to bring life-threatening storm surge damaging winds and floods to much of the southeastern US Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, he has more insight on the storm. Let's hear from him. It is a fast moving storm. It's projected to leave up to 12 inches of rainfall and the storm surge could reach 10 to 15 feet. In some areas the impacts are gonna be far beyond the eye of the storm. You're looking at winds that are stretching 200 plus miles away from the eye of the storm. This thing's gonna be whipping through. It's gonna cause a lot of churn and it is gonna drive that water and so it is gonna be a significant water event.


Helene is, it does remain right now a category one hurricane with max maximum sustained winds around 90 miles per hour. Landfall again is expected later tonight with winds that could reach up to 130 miles per hour. They're also projecting that it could build to a category three hurricane as it intensifies over the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Meanwhile, Tampa International Airport, if you're traveling to Tampa, the airport is closed as of 2:00 AM this morning and will reopen when it is safe to do so. So If, you are traveling on the east coast towards the south, leaving from the south. Just go ahead and You know, check ahead If, you are traveling whether that be You know whatever, whatever mode of transportation you're taking, just definitely plan ahead and those, for those who are in the South You know we're wishing you guys well and hope that you are will be okay in the, in this weather event.


Yeah, they were saying that Atlanta's gonna get nine to 11 inches. So they're saying there's gonna be major floods and, and heavy winds. So just be safe out there. Yes, absolutely. So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y and M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, we've got you covered at Black Information Network. Download that free iHeartRadio app, BIN news.com. Thank y'all. Thank you. All right, when we come back, country music singer and Star Mickey Guyton will be joining us. So we gonna kick it with her when we come back. So don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club. Jess is out of course, maternity leave. So Lauren la is filling in and we got a special guest in the Building Yes indeed. Mickey Guyton. Welcome. I am so, so, so excited to Be here. Well, welcome. It's how You feeling? I'm feeling really, really good. I just admire you guys and I've listened to you guys for a long time, so it just really means a lot to here. Thank you Mickey. Oh, thank you. We appreciate you having no taste in morning show. None at all. Thank you very much. Thank you. None at all. Now who is Mickey Guyton? For people that don't know You know, I am a black country singer, the first female that has been nominated for a Grammy and best performance, a best country performance and best country album.


I've just been fighting the fight and trying to discover all these different country artists to give them opportunities and equality and a genre that was started by us. And what made you fall in love with country music? So Of all things I, I know, I know. You would think, well, first of all, a lot of black people love country music. I'm from Waco, Texas or Crawford, Texas. And we started it. Yeah. Yes we did. Yes we did. The Banjo was a West African history. Yes, we did. When you go to the country music Hall of Fame, one of the first things you see are black people picking on the porch. So it's really important. But I speaking Evangel not cotton. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, that too. I'm that too, I'm sure. But yeah, not cotton. But yes, so I was, I went to a a Southern Baptist church, And I.


Went to a Texas Rangers baseball game. And I was all the way in the nosebleeds section. I heard a girl named Leanne Rimes sing the national anthem. And I just, just loved her voice. And. I've just loved it ever since. What Were your, like before you decided to get into country music? Yeah. Like what were you doing singing then? And like what was it Like or, oh man. Yeah. I sang in the church, but I listened to all genres.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent conditions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away, If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, Hey, it's John O'Brien from Money and Wealth on the Black Effect Network on iHeartRadio. I'm inviting you to come to join me at Black Week October 15th through 18th in the big Apple in New York City. Black Week is an economic conference that aims to move our culture forward and drive greater economic opportunity to diverse businesses, suppliers, and professionals. As an entrepreneur and businessman and myself who has created over 40 enterprises and a leading expert in financial economic inclusion, I understand the power of economic opportunity and financial literacy, which I think is a civil rights issue of this generation. Come be a part of this first of its kind event intended to unlock the potential of black and diverse creators and consumers. Helping you to get into the C-Suites where these decisions are made.


Tickets can be purchased@blackweek.co slash register where you can use my exclusive code GHB Black Week to receive 20% off your executive registration and hear me speak Live Black Week 2024, October 15th through October 18th in New York City. Claim your spot today. Whereas of music, You know I was a huge fan of Whitney Houston, a huge fan of Brandy and Monica. Like those are some of the people that I really looked up to. And I don't know. I just decided I was singing demos. And I was working with this woman that wrote Stick It, that movie that whatever that movie was a long time ago. And I was singing demos for her and she was like, Mickey, why don't you sing country music? And I was like, well I've always loved it, but I mean there's nobody of us that looks like me in that genre.


And she was like, well, you should. So here I am One the define as country music nowadays. Because You know when I, when I, I remember when they was used to say Taylor Swift was a country music artist, but she sounded like she was making pop records. When people say this new album is yours. Yeah, it's borderline pop. Yeah. So what is country music now idea? That's a good question because You know country music borrows from a lot of different genres. You know If. you listen to some of the biggest country artists in The, World, they all have trap beats in their music. So that is a good question. What is the sound of country music? It's so funny that a lot of people wanna define what country music is, but it really, if it's your intention is to make country music, whatever your country music is for you is your music. Because country music is all of our music. Because I like Jelly Roll.


Yeah, I love Jelly Roll. And it don't, it don't sound like country to me, but I'm like, well maybe I don't know what country, there's Like, there's rock influences in country, there's hip hop influences in country music, there is pop and r and b influences of country music, like genres really are You know really coming together. It's becoming genre list to me personally. But yeah, it's all kinds of music. People Talk about this so much racism in in in country music, right? Yeah. And so many things that you gotta fight through. But they also said as a kid that you had to face a lot of racism growing up as well. Yeah. Going from school to school. So what made you say You know what? I'm just gonna keep on with this racism training and keep fighting through It. You know, listen, that is a good keep up with this racism. That is a good question because You know it shows itself all of the time.


It's something You know sometimes you're just doing the Lord's work. It's so important as black people that we show ourselves in all different facets of this country and in this world because this country was built off of black people. And for me, I loved country music so much. And I had, I was a little naive when I came into it. At first I thought, oh, it's gonna be good for me. It's, I've got this You know I got a record deal right off the bat. I just knew it was gonna be easy for me and it wasn't. And it was really, really, really, really, really hard. And I was getting ready to quit and as I was getting ready to quit country music, I talked to my husband saying like, why do you think country music isn't working for me?


And he was like, well, you're running away from everything that makes you different. Ooh. Like country music is three chords in the truth and you're a black woman that sings country music. So why aren't you writing that from that perspective? So I wrote Black Like Me this song that was nominated for a Grammy. And from there I started thinking, I was like, okay, if I'm going to leave this genre, I need to make sure that I can make it easier for the people that come after me. So I started looking for black country singers. And I found Brittany Spencer who was just over here. I discovered Rayna Roberts and Tanner Ade and all these different artists. And I was just like trying to show people that we're here. Because if black people can see themselves, we will. We will come to the genres.


If you're in You know in a corporation and you're in a high powered position, I feel like it is your obligation to make sure that you look out for people that look like you. Especially because we are all a part of this world and we shouldn't just be in the shadows anymore. So that was kind of my motivation to keep on this racism train. Because let me tell you, it is hard Could It is hard. Could matter. What was your biggest challenge? You know Country Radio was one of the biggest challenges for me. You know going on radio tour and country music, you have to do radio tours and you have to go and sing in these like dingy bars and bring people Dickies barbecue and donuts and sing in these little politic. Yeah, it, it's really, really hard.


And they, and all these people can decide if they want to play your music or not. You know, like there were some radio program directs that refused to play me. It was really hurtful for sure because I, I've seen that when Beyonce put out her record, so many country stations didn't wanna play her record as well. So you totally understood what she was going Through. Oh, 100%. 100%. And how did you feel when she wasn't nominated for anything at the CMA? I was very disappointed. I was very disappointed. You know. Like I know what a lot of it has to do with the voters and who's voting. And a lot of the voters are You know radio, radio program directors. So it is what it is. You know you gotta show up and vote, I guess is all you can say. I can say it was really definitely disappointing because there was such a chance and a moment to show that all that we've been fighting for that it's acknowledged.


And I mean She did have one of the biggest albums this year. You think she, she got snugged because I asked that same question to somebody in country and they said to me, not really when I asked if she gets snubbed, it said it's never been about album success. Tons of artists in country don't get recognized. Yeah. The voting group is a ton of industry from all over the country. And when an artist any doesn't put forth the effort to do interviews or be a part of the community, it's hard to get them to vote for you. Yeah. And then they was telling me about like, Zach Bryant got screwed. Yeah. I mean and that's very true too. But then they talked about Sha Booze and I've never heard of Warren Treaty. They're black. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So they talked about You know. So Warren Treaty, Tanya was the Girl and Sister act that sing with Lauren Hill. Yeah. So y'all really need to show some love to Lauren Treaty.


Yeah. Wow. So, so it's basically it is politics. Yeah, There is, I mean there's, there's politics in every award show. You know, I, I just felt, I was just really disappointed because I felt like it was an opportunity for the CMAs as a whole to show like, maybe not album of the year, but maybe that song like Texas Holden. 'cause it was a really big song. It would've just been great to see one thing. All right. We got more with Country Music Store Mickey Guyton. When we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking away at Country Music Star Mickey Guyton.


Charlamagne. Now the first track on the album is called My Side of the Country. Yes. What does your side of the country look like? Mickey? So, well I live You know I live in Texas, but I also live in California. And I. The reason why I wrote that song, first of all, I wrote that song with a guy named Tyler Hubbard who was in that group for Georgia, for Florida, Georgia Line. We just wanted to write a song because there's so many versions of country music, which is what we were talking about at the beginning of the show. Like there's West Coast country, there's You know New York country. I feel like there's Middle of America country And I just wanted to show all the different facets that my side of the country looks like this. I've got a beach, but I also wear cowboy boots. You know. Wow. I didn't know that. There were like, like how is West Coast, east Coast like hip hop? There is, yeah.


Like If, you look at like, there's Bakersfield country, like there's an artist named John Party. There's very specific kinds of country. How traumatizing is being a black person in country music, especially a black woman. 'cause it feels like it's traumatizing. So many of the things that you have to deal with just in society. Yeah. Is so many of those show up in country music. Yes. You were being emotional earlier. Yeah. Don't make me cry. No, I'm not. I'm sorry. I I noticed it though. Yeah. So it's really hard. You know even with Beyonce's Cowboy Carter and her featuring so many amazing black country artists. Even after that, there's still artists that aren't signed. Like Rainer Roberts is still not signed.


Rainer's Not signed, Not yet. No. Wow. And so that's why another reason why I wanted to come on here is try to just like You know, encourage your listeners to really be intentional with your consumerism and support all of these black country artists on this record. 'cause it is really hard. We are paving a way that is completely uncharted. Like there's no path, there's no formula for black female country singers. Yeah. You know, like Linda Martel left the genre You know money long dabbled in country music. Hey Michelle. Hey Michelle. Like it's so hard. You know. You know. I do believe that black women are the most vulnerable in The World.


And so often, like we're just set aside, cast aside, you're problematic. You're too loud. Whatever it is, And, I. Think that's also why I stick in this sometimes racist. A lot of times it racists genre to just protect them. Is it true that a few years ago when Morgan Wallen used the word, you spoke out against it. Yes. You received so much backlash Yes. That it caused you to go into early label. Yes. What? Yes. Stress. Yes. Sorry. That happened to you And nobody had you back. I'm so sorry that happened to you. There's Some, yeah. I'm so sorry. The shoes here. I need a water.


I would hug you too. But it looked like we're tag too in here. So I don't want to do that. Yes. Now, but now we understand. You, you, you're fighting. You feel like you're fighting by yourself. What, what kept you going after that? Yeah. How Do you go You know my, my husband. All the people that have encouraged to come to this genre, I can't just abandon them. You know you don't just abandon your people. Like you can't do that. And there has been so much change that has happened since then. Like going to CMA Fest, You know I've been going to CMA fest for years. And I saw nobody. And now there's so many different plaque black country artists that are coming and being on stages and getting to sing on stages.


There's black people that are attending CMA fest that feel like there's a space for them. Like that is what's happening. So yes, change is slow. It's hard. There's so much going on that can be very discouraging. But there's also so many things that are happening because we're still here and we're still fighting. You feel nobody supports you and has your back and your Drama. Oh, I have a lot of people that support me and have my back. Like these people right here have my back You know Brittany Spencer is like one of my best friends. And we talk through so many of these things all the time. There's You know there's black women in the industry that we confide in each other that have high powered positions.


And it's just like, we just find each other. You know, I'll go to an award show and I'll see one black person that's working in production and we know each other like we've known each other for years. So there is like a support. Like I do have a family of people that support me. You guys just even taking the time to talk to me, I've wanted to talk to y'all so much just to kind of like spread the word and let people know that we're here so that you can just know that you can support us. It would just mean The World and y'all being here. Thank y'all So much. The sad thing about it is I know for myself, I'm not, I wasn't really into country music. Yeah. Because I didn't see anybody that looked like me or looked like my kids. Yeah. And look like, but working up here, you start meeting people and you start, it starts opening you up because Yeah.


I never listened to country music. Yeah. You know what I mean? But I, it, it's sad to say, but when Beyonce did the album made me open up to like, oh, let me hear what else are they talking about? Which is sad. So For me it was Alice Randall. Yes. You know Alice Randall. Alice Randall. Yes. Yeah. 'cause she, she put out a book called My Black Punch. My black country actually published it. So when I read the book You know about probably like a year and a half ago. Yeah. I was just intrigued by the history that black people had in country music. So before there was a Beyonce, I just thought this was a great story. Yeah. That people need to hear. And then God put, had had Cowboy Carter out and come out. It just all Yeah. Aligned. And There was a whole influx of country artists even before the ones that you're seeing. There is a movement like this that it happened like I believe in like the eighties or nineties.


And it's just like you get, so how often can you keep running in a burning house? You know. Right. And it's just so important, again, black people, all people to be intentional with your consumerism. Like really, really think about. And just even If, you just stream that artist's song once, one time a day. Like what that could do for that artist. 'cause it's so important in corporations they hear money. That's where they You know they hear money. And that's what drives everything. That's what gives us our jobs. And if we can just continuously support them because they need it so much. Like support Rayna Roberts support re tiara support Sha boozy.


Not that he needs it, he's doing really good. But support Brittany Spencer. Tanner Adele. Like go to their shows. Go to all of our shows. You got a whole headline toy that you about to start. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In DC Yeah. And also once you said once the, because I wanna expound on what you were saying. You said, I am proof standing here that you should invest in black talent. There's equity in us and if we just get the opportunity, there's so much possibility. Yes. So what is the possi possibility? The possibility is to headline your own tour. To be able to pay your bills, be able to provide for your family, be able to live your dream of being a country artist. There's so many black people that love country music that I don't even think that we realized because we didn't think the genre was for us. And they are coming out of the woodworks talking about country artists.


I don't even know. Right. So that's what I mean when A Dolly Parton says something like what she said in response to Beyonce not getting a, a nominated for CMA. Yeah. Does that hurt or help your, like your mission of things. Because inside, like he said, people were like, well no, it's politics and Yeah, there's like a You know people were senior here. Yeah. But then on the outside it, it's, it felt like, and people reacted to it 'cause it felt like, oh no, this is us being shut out again. Yes. Yes. You know. I un un. Yeah. I think that it does unintentionally on Dolly's part. Some other people may say that and have a different intention. But I do feel like in her, in her intention was not to defend the CMAs like that.


I think sh maybe she's talking about the people in there. I don't know. But I do believe that it can hurt us. Yes. Let's play a joint off the album. Let's play something off the album. Which one man? So people can hear. Oh man. Exactly what we're talking about. House On Fire. House on Fire. House on Fire Fire. That's a good one. Yeah. House on Fire. All right, well let's get to it Now here's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. That was House on Fire. Mickey guy in his hair country music star. She's the first black woman nominated for best country solo performance at the Grammys. And we're still kicking it with the Now let's talk about the song. Scary Love. Yeah. I have six kids. Charlemagne has four. So that is definitely a scary type of situation. Yeah. So let's talk about what inspired that song. Yeah. And how it almost scared the ish outta you. Oh man. So back in 2021, when my son was nine months old, he ended up getting really sick.


And this was during CO, this Was during CO. And he turned septic and had sepsis. And. I will never forget it. We were sitting in the er, And I looked at the nurse. And I choked out the words, is my baby gonna die? And she looked at me and she said, I am very concerned right now. And he is the sickest person in the ER right now. And that was during yikes, the height of Covid. So what, what happened? Break us down. Like what, what did you see? I fell on my knees. I was saw, I saw him losing consciousness At home. And then you just rushed him to the Yeah, we rushed him to the hospital. He was losing consciousness in the car. And then he was at that part, that point of like delirium, And, I. Think he was in so much pain. Like he just wasn't there.


But I saw him slipping away from me. And. I. Remember I just fell to my knees praying this woman was on a stretcher and she reached down and we just started praying. And You know I have my complicated You know relationship with God. And I don't always pray. And I think after the last You know few years of all the hate that's been You know spewing. And when I was getting cyber bullied, a lot of these people had Bible verses and their profile pictures and their profile bios. And it was just really hard. So in this moment, like all I could do was pray. And then it made me realize why my mom was so crazy over me growing up.


'cause you think, mom, I got it, I'm fine. And then you realize like she's not fine if something happens to you. So now everything that I do, like getting behind the wheel and driving, I'm praying going anywhere. I just pray to get back home to my family safely. Because it, it's ready blessing. Yeah, it is. Like you don't even realize that. And in 2023 I lost three people in my life in the same month. Wow. And so it does like life is so fleeting. Like it's such a blessing to breathe every single day. Absolutely. What are you doing mentally every single day to kind of recharge you? It's, you have a lot 'cause it's a lot. It's a lot That you use a lot. I know. It's a lot. I know. And it's just because you are a black woman in, in a room where you don't, I mean there's more of us now, but it wasn't Like that.


Yeah. It wasn't like that. So it's kind of heavy. What are you doing every single day that kind of lifts you back up? So, so I take these, they're a natural stress shield. So it's a natural like anti-anxiety medication that I take. I really try to stay away from You know social media and a sense of like, That's the biggest thing right there. All the politics. Like I need to see love and light. Gimme a funny dog video. Right. You know Snoop Dogg always has the best videos. I love watching his page 'cause they just bring a source of laughter. I think as a whole, we just need joy right now. Like we're, it's we're triggered constantly.


Yeah. Every single day. And so sometimes You know it's okay to just take a sit back and take a break and not look at all that because it's traumatizing every single day. Why Did you have a complicated relationship with God? Well I just think because You know all the racism that you see and all of these people that claim to love God are saying such terrible things to you. And it just made me feel like, like are you really there? Why would you give us this fight in life? You know. But You know. I'm so grateful that the Lord is near the broken hearted. Right. And, I. Think he puts like we're his people, we're his children and he looks after us. And so yeah. Before songs like Scary Love and Black like me.


What? What were you writing about? I Was, I was just trying to figure out what would advance me in country music. I was trying to write what I was trying to interpret that type of country music. I just wanted to be accepted. So there was sometimes I would go in writing sessions and I'll never forget it, they would write a song with O and his blue eyes and I'm like, well the man that I love doesn't have blue eyes. He's got dark brown eyes. You know And I was writing fake songs about a fake life that I did not live. You would still sing the song anyway. No, no I wouldn't. I wouldn't sing that. But when we were writing, I didn't even have the courage to be like Right. That's not You know. Yeah. And so, but yeah, I was writing about a fake life that I don't live and so I stopped doing that.


And I started really writing like just what country music is to me. What's The biggest misconception about country music? Because I, because I keep thinking about this Cowboy Carter album and it's just like, did people buy that album for Beyonce or because they're really interested in country music? I think You know those are her fans and it's a new genre of music. Why not? I wanna put 'em on my boots and Spurs even though we don't walk around in our Spurs. But You know. I say is That stereotypical though? Is that like Yeah, I don't, people don't wear walk their spurs on You know. I think that's a big misconception of country music. And as much as I have been talking about You know racism and country music, there are some really, really, really good people in the genre. Like there are You know like Maren Morris or a girl named Cam Tyler Hubbard is also a really, really good person in country music.


Chris Stapleton Jelly Roll You know there's a really good group of people in there. So You know. I don't wanna like say everybody's horrible. I'm not walking around these streets and people are like waving their confederate flags at me. That's not happening. But I mean that has happened though. Yeah. So how do you see the country music landscape five years from now? Do things get better? Do more doors get knocked down? I don't know. Hmm. I don't know. If, you wanna be perfectly honest. I don't know. But we have a lot of people, this woman back here, cameo Carlson, she can come to the cookout. She started a program called Equal Access and they give out grants to all these artists from underserved communities. Whether you're gay, black, Latino, whatever you are, to give them an opportunity to record music in an album.


And so there's people that are really doing things. It's just, I don't know, I just hope people don't get discouraged and don't wanna keep pursuing this genre of music. I hope Buzi is showing You know that it can happen for anybody and maybe inspiring more people to come to the genre because I believe that it is not enough for just one person to be one person of color to be successful in country music. That is not change. Like you saw Charlie Pride and that was it for the longest time. And so it's like you have to help your people. Like change is all of you walking through that door together and being able to have your own lucrative CRE careers.


Because once you have your lucrative career, then you can have opening acts and that are of color that can have their own careers. That's the only way, in my personal opinion, that I can feel like we can see true change. Wow. Well we appreciate you for joining me, me So, so much. Don Stranger for crying. I Show I wanna experience a show now You gotta me excited. Maybe I'm gonna listen to more than just Cowboy Carter. Come on. She said she Do it. That's why you got, you should get Mickey Guidance album House on five. But you should also read My Black Country by Alice Randall. Yes. I'm telling you it goes hand in hand. If. you care about country music and black people and country music. That's right. She breaks it down. That's Right. I just wanna support you. Thank you. I just want you to feel like it's not just you. That's Right. No, yeah. I really appreciate it. It's not just me And I really you guys again, just being here and giving me this opportunity to talk to you guys has been a dream.


Well it's Mickey Guyton ladies and gentlemen. That's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning Soldier boy. Your Jay-Z Taylor. No He's not Soldier your boy. Your your Jay-Z Lauren. Don't, Don't, don't do that. But like I did have a lot of ring tone storage in my phone. He was a lot of my Ring tone talking about D Drop on cruise bombs with Big Draco. Don't act like kiss me through the phone. It's not a bop. It's it Is a B classic. But to say he's our Jay-Z is he is a reach. What y'all, how quick y'all forget about the hitch that big Draco gave y'all. I'm not denying none his You're not gonna have him online screaming at his phone at me. Draco. Draco is a pioneer. He Is Okay. He is Icon. He Ain't like that you was doing the you. Oh I was And. I will still do it today.


What to the phone is classic. Alright period. Well let's get the Jess with the mess with the road. You might be the first one Real just around. Just don't. No lying. She don't spare nobody Bro. Why Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She the coaches. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me. Derrick Rose is retiring guys at age 35. He made the announcement to Dave via social media and some news like ads that he took out or pages that he took out. So in a statement he said, knowing that I gave my all to the game, I feel confident in my decision.


This is what he told. ESPN basketball was just the beginning for me. Now it's important that I give my all to my family. They deserve that. He took out ads in different newspapers in six different places where he's played. So the Chicago Tribune, the Commercial Commercial Appeal, which is Memphis de Detroit Free Press, Cleveland playing dealer, Minneapolis Star Tribune. And he, in all of those like ads or placements, he's thanking a fan base there for supporting him during his time there and all that stuff. I mean, congratulations. Yeah. Dropping the cruise bombs for Derrick Rose. I mean absolutely. He had a phenomenal career. You talking about a guy that had like five knee surgeries, You know Torre, his ACL. Like there was times where people thought Derrick Rose career was over.


That's right. So for him to You know Con continue to keep on keeping on and still be prospering, man salute to you D Rose. And not Only that, every coach that said that coached him said he was a a pleasure to coach. He was always great in the locker room when it came to helping the, the newer rookies that came in. So salute to Rose and You know of course he played for my New York Knicks. So salute to Derrick Rose. In other news, the baby has a new project but it's not music this time. He is asked actually during a tribute to his late brother Glenn Johnson who died by suicide back in November of 2020. So this organization that he has is called The Baby Cares. Well he's already had the organization but the new project is they're launching, no, I'm sorry.


He has a community organization and under that community organization he's launching the Baby Cares. He's launching it during suicide prevention month. It's gonna be a mental health platform aimed at providing resources, including a free guide to different people in need. The baby Tote, Rolling Stone. In honor of my brother's untimely passing, I become devoted to the utilizing my platform of resources to provide the tools and that are needed to combat mental health issues. He wants to break the long gone cycle of mental illness in minority communities. And he wants to make the conversation normal around mental health. So he's asking people to join him in doing it. And according to the website, the platform is gonna raise awareness. It wants to end it.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road. And the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


Moments like seeing my son's team, cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection, liver or kidney problems, or or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, Hey, it is John O'Brien from Money and Wealth on the Black Effect Network on iHeartRadio. I'm inviting you to come to join me at Black Week October 15th through 18th in the big Apple, New York City. Black Week is an economic conference that aims to to move our culture forward and drive greater economic opportunity to diverse businesses, suppliers and professionals. As an entrepreneur and businessman myself who has created over 40 enterprises and a leading expert in financial economic inclusion, I understand the power of economic opportunity and financial literacy, which I think is a civil rights issue of this generation. Come be a part of this first of its kind event intended to unlock the potential of black and diverse creators and consumers. Helping you to get into the C-Suites where these decisions are made. Tickets can be purchased@blackweek.co slash register where you can use my exclusive code G HB Black Week to receive 20% off your executive registration and hear me speak live Black Week 2024, October 15th through October 18th, the New York City claim your spot today


In the stigma as he mentioned. And the initiative specifically is called the Glenn Johnson for Mental Health Initiative. So it's gonna unite a bunch of mental health leaders, youth and different families so that people can receive real time support that they need to overcome different challenges. Dropping a clue bonds for the baby. I love that my brother, that is a very worthy cause that he's doing You know a guy like him has dealt with with with so much grief and so much Yes. Trauma. Yes. You. know what I mean? Because his father passed away right When he was taking up out and getting hot. Did his brother, his brother committed suicide. Then you think about all of the You know violence he's had to encounter throughout his life. Absolutely. And he is raising his kids. But then I know he also took on his brother's son as well too.


Yep. And You know just being coming up and living a different lifestyle now he has a lot going on. So yeah, We working on having him at the fourth annual Mental Wealth expo too man. But that'd be fired. Yeah. Yeah. SL to my guy Arnold. That'd be fire. They reached out. So we we working on having him there to talk about that initiative that he's doing. Yes. That's it. That's happening. October 12th in New York City, Marriott Marquee Times Square free event. Open to the public man. Let's go to mental wealth expo.com for more details. Dope, dope, dope, dope. Well speaking of rappers skill, a Baby has something to say about Rapp being a young man's sport. Let's take a listen. Ain't no old sport. Yeah. So I be trying to be like, it's only certain S could be like Future or Drake or be old as hell and be like rapping the door like right there with the listening to that bull on.


The only certain could be 40 years old and rap about that and be accepted culturally. So if it feel like everybody gonna be like future, he's dumb. Go have some kids s be wanting to still be a kingpin and you 35, you ain't sold a zip of dope. Why you, you feel me? Your audience is 35 years old. Right. The Youngs and the young females, they going crazy. Sexy Red is blitz in the club, she blitzing the charts, everything. Boss man Dlo is going but Ballistic skill of baby. Not wrong, but it's interesting right? 'cause I remember what you mean. Artists from our era who are 40 plus now.


I remember when they sounded like that at 20 something years old when they were saying rappers in Young Man Sporting and all the old rappers need to retire now they 40 plus and still rapping. So I wanna see what Skill Baby gonna be doing 15 years from now because he's 25. Yeah, I was gonna say though, I feel like people always say that the quality of music at that time is a little bit different. Like people right now say name two songs that 10 years from now we'll still be be like, oh my God, this was our like how you guys had like a lot of Jay-Z's songs have aged like fine wine, like just different people Future. It's a lot of them future's music. I will say people throw shade to him and don't give it to him, but his music from start to finish ages, it's gonna stand A tough time. I mean future been around for 15 plus years. Yes. And I think people will, people don't realize is your time is your time.


So whatever record you was getting that first kiss to or that first dance to or Yeah, you went out on that first day too. That's going be your music. Like we just played Soulja Boy kiss me through the phone And they made me feel good. My, I remember high school that point. I remember my side kiss. My point. I'm gonna be telling my kids I see Skill of Baby can't necessarily say that. 'cause a lot of the biggest artists are are over the age of 35. You know you look at the number one record right now, who Kendrick Lamar is 37 years old. Future is 40 years old. Like there's like he said that though. But I'm, but what I'm saying is it's not just a young man's game like he said, but what Do you, I think he's saying it's selective. Like only selective people can do that because, Because what he's also saying is like if you're If, you get to a certain age. Well at least that's what I would take from it. If, you get to a certain age rap about what you're going through.


Right. And see who that connects with. There's only a few people that can be 40 still talk about the content Future does and still be popping. Listen might be the only one. Shout out to the UNC community though. We, I, I like I'm we here for all the music. Somebody like Future Falls in the middle a little bit. But yeah, Maybe no two chains too though. Two chain What? Two chains falls in the middle. Yeah, two Chains. I can't, I see who else. So scale of baby got a point. We go give a song. Gucci. Gucci Falls in the middle chain. Yeah. Ti But it's that. See I Don't really make the trap music like that no more though. Sometimes, But in drop people still feel that vibe from him. Absolutely. Absolutely. Well shout out to the community. We appreciate y'all. We still don't Make the trap music no more like That either. But when he got on he, we we get the feeling from him though.


Yes. It just feels like school riding in the main back. Ross. Yes. All right y'all. Well? Yep. That's it. Okay. You was trying nothing to find another person. Yeah, I was thinking another rival. It's Okay. Alright, well that was just with the Mess with Lauren Lar. Now Charlamagne, we giving that dokey Too. Four after the hour, we need Brett Fog to come to the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him. I just wanna remind y'all, Lauren's gonna be upset. I Well, I know. I know. But we need to, I just remind I am not upset. I I have no ties. I just Wanna remind y'all about what really happened this week. Okay. Okay. You all right Lauren? Yeah, I'm great. What, what's Going on? Just making sure And then after that is ask C and Eve. So If, you need relationship advice or any type of advice you can call me and Charlemagne and Lauren right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is the Breakfast Love. Good morning You are checking out The Breakfast Club.


Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. They gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve. The people need To know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell them It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You Trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlamagne. Toag Damn Charlamagne. Who you give to Dusty today to now? Well Donkey today for Thursday, September 26th goes to Brett Fav. Hey y'all, my name is Ard McKelvy, AKA Charlamagne to God. I'm your friendly neighborhood bad guy. And. I am always willing to be the a-hole you need unless of course that a-hole is needed at one of Diddy's free calls.


Now If, you haven't heard and you honestly may not have heard because the media has done a great job of changing the narrative. Brett Fbe testified at a congressional hearing this past Tuesday. Yes. He testified in front of the House Ways and Means committee, which is investigating how states are spending money intended for needy citizens. Brett Fav is one of the people being sued by the state of Mississippi and they are demanding repayment of the money. They are trying to recover $90 million, but he is one of more than 40 people who have been sued by the state of Mississippi. Mississippi is demanding repayment of money. They're trying to recover more than $90 million. Okay. Brett Favre is denying that he knowingly misused federal welfare money.


Okay. According to auditors though, in 2017 and 2018, Mr. Fav received 1.1 million in speaking fees for speeches he never gave. He knew he didn't give those speeches, but he took the money anyway. They suggested he also helped funnel millions of dollars to pet projects, $5 million to build volleyball facilities at his alma mater. He even paid back the 1.1 million in mis pitched speaking fees. But the state demanded that he paid back interest and Brett Fav refused. So the state of Mississippi is now suing him to recoup the funds he wrongfully acquired. The lawsuit also made public text from Mr. Fav that suggested he had a larger role than he claimed. Okay. In fact, Brett Fav says he was unjustly speared in the news media.


But text messages written by Mr. Fav and made public in court filings suggested that he was trying to hide his involvement. Let's go to KTLA five for the report please. Newly revealed text messages filed in an ongoing civil lawsuit show. Fav was part of a scheme that funneled at least $5 million of welfare funds to build a new volleyball stadium at the University of Southern Mississippi where Favre graduated and his daughter played the text show. Former Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant pushed for the facility. Despite denying close involvement. A friend of the former governor's wife, Nancy New, would submit a $5 million upfront lease to use the university's athletic facilities for her nonprofits programming ostensibly for needy families in exchange for offices inside the new volleyball complex.


Former welfare agency director John Davis, approved 4 million. Immediately fav texting in gray tells new that the governor has seen the proposal. But hint, hint, you need to reword it to get it accepted. I really feel like he's trying to figure out a way to get it done without actually saying. It says fav of the former governor. Fav also received $1.1 million in welfare funding through the Mississippi Community Education Center for speaking at events. He never showed up to fav asks New If, you were to pay me. Is there any way the media can find out where it came from and how much If you were to pay me? Is there any way the media can find out where it came from and how much?


I don't see how you can send a text like that, but then claim it a hearing on Tuesday. I had no way of knowing that there was anything wrong with how the state funded the project. If. you didn't think it was anything wrong with how the state was funding the project. Then why would you care if the media found out where the money came from are how much Now? Why am I telling y'all this story? Because a lot of folks probably didn't know Brett Favre was testifying in a congressional hearing Tuesday because he's being accused of helping to divert funds meant for low income residents because Brett Favre decided to use the hearing to announce that he has Parkinson's disease. Can we go to CBS news to listen to what he had to say? Former Green Bay Packer's quarterback Brett Favre dropped a bombshell today while testifying before Congress the 54-year-old revealed he's battling Parkinson's disease.


Here's CBS's Omar v Franca. And I. Very much appreciate the opportunity to testify here today. A stunning announcement today from Hall of Fame quarterback Brett Fav. I've recently been diagnosed with Parkinson's. This is also a cause. Dear to my heart, Fav was testifying on Capitol Hill about a Mississippi welfare scandal where he's accused of improperly using his connections to secure millions of dollars for his alma mater and himself for speaking engagements he never performed. Fav has repaid more than a million dollars to the state and has denied all wrongdoing. Even though I knew And I know I had done nothing wrong. I returned the funds no questions asked. Brett Faw used some of the federal money intended for welfare recipients.


He used some of the money to invest in a company that was developing a breakthrough concussion drug. He said he thought it would help others, and I'm sure you'll understand. While it's too late for me, because I've recently been diagnosed with Parkinson's, this is also a cause Dear to my heart, so dear to his heart that he used money. He obtained illegally money that was supposed to go to low income residence. He took that money to invest in this pharmaceutical company called Preuss Preuss. And guess what? The media ate it up. Every single headline you see as Brett Fre reveals he as Parkinson's disease. Well guess, guess what? He was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease disease back in January. Okay? How convenient to run that play when you are testifying at a congressional hearing because you ditched something shady.


So you see, this is my problem with the media. Everybody picks and chooses who they choose to demonize. Granted, Brett Fav hasn't been charged with anything criminal, but what he did is unethical and could still be criminal. What he knew he had Parkinson's disease since January. In fact, I was reading an ESPN article that said Brett Fab asked TMZ not to report his diagnosis at the time because he knew back then that wasn't the time to run that play. I'm gonna run that play when I have to testify at a, I don't know, a congressional hearing because then it will distract from what I'm actually here for. And that is because I was using federal money from welfare recipients to fund my pet projects. But it worked. Google, Brett Fab. These are the headlines you see The New York Times. Brett Fab reveals the as Parkinson's Disease, Fox News, NFL Legend John Elway talks.


Brett Fab's Parkinson's Disease. It's sad news to hear Milwaukee Journal. Aaron Rogers feels bad for Brett Fab. After learning about his Parkinson's diagnosis. New York Post Brett Favre opens up on frustrating health worry that led to Parkinson's disease. Yes, his health diagnosis is sad, but wow, how convenient for the media to just bury the lead? Why don't others get that Grace? NBC News says, Brett Favs Parkinson's diagnosis renews questions about football and brain disease. How about Brett F's testimony at welfare reform? Hearing renews questions about how the rich keep getting richer and the poor don't get a devil damn thing. How has Brett Fav managed to garner more sympathy than the welfare recipients they stole from Brett Fav had the nerve to say, sadly, I lost an investment in a company.


We don't care. People couldn't eat because of what folks like you did. I care way more about those poor and disenfranchised people in Mississippi, the welfare recipients who didn't receive $90 million because folks like Brett Fav wanted to build volleyball facilities at their alma mater. All I'm saying is two things can be true. You can be sad. Brett Fav has Parkinson's. But what's really shaky is how the media just seems to forget why Brett Fav was at this congressional hearing in the first place. Okay? We live in a society where people get demonized for accusations, but folks who actually do shady stuff, who actually do unethical stuff and have to testify about it somehow end up becoming heroes and sympathetic figures. If, you don't think they're a double standard in media and how they cover people, and it's usually based on race, then you're bugging.


But I will always be here to remind you. Please give Brett Farge the biggest. He haw. Who wanna argue? Anyone? Nobody. Oh, okay. I felt horrible yesterday. Why? Because I think I was waiting to see how some outlets where I used to work covered the story because I wanted to see You brought up a good point in the room You know I'm always here for learning and growth. That it's because it's mainstream media that does it. It's not me particularly, it's mainstream media. And I was a part of mainstream media for a very long time. That's how I learned at TMZ. And when I, when they posted the article, they did not one time mention anything about any of the reason why he was there pleading his case at all.


Not one time. And I was like, man, like why? Like And I. I had to dig for the answer myself. You know, but, but Anybody black, they, that would've been, oh, they wouldn't even the first thing That they said. I remember having arguments about they wouldn't even care. I remember having ar arguments about Dana White versus Chris Brown. Like And I just thought back to all the they SWP Dana White's Thing, right? Rug and my feelings about it. And, and just different things. And You know I'm not just throwing a dart at them because I, I went through Google for a while trying to prepare for that bread Farp thing. And I. It took me a minute to find out why he was even there. 'cause no one was talking about it. But you didn't report that. The media picture. I, I did mention it, but I didn't do it the way I should have. And what I'm saying is, is in growth and in learning. And I appreciate y'all for You know, bringing it to my attention. You love white men more than black men?


No. It's just, I think that, I think so. No. I think that we have a way of leaning to what the media is talking about and not what we should be talking about sometimes. Okay? The media has nothing to do with the media picks and chooses with who I Love. The media picks and chooses who they want to demonize 'cause they know how to demonize people. It's not like they don't know how to, they just choose of course, who not to do it to. And it's a lot of times based on race. Well, thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back as c and e 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is a lady on the line. Her name is Kiki. She needs some help. She wants to know the, she says, unlike Lauren, she wants to date black men, but she read that by 20 20 40, most women will be single because of the problems of dating.


So we'll talk to her and find out what her question is. We'll come back. That Kiki. Let me Look that up. That's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's that time again. Ask Charlamagne and DJ Envy anything. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. It's time to ask c and e. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Larry Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. It's time for as c and E. Hello. Who's this? Hello. Hey Kiki. Hey, how are you guys doing? Good morning you all. Good morning speaking. I listen to you every day. I've been listening for years. Thank you. Actually, I called in a couple years ago when I was facing a decision of getting a divorce.


And I've since been divorced and I'm in Texas now. I left Minnesota And. I. Don't think that this gets addressed very often. The state of affairs, the relationships between black men and black women, And I find that is very sad that we're so against each other. And so many of us are great people and are single. And. I was reading a report last night that said by the year 20 30, 40 5% of people will be single and child. And that's a very sad state of affairs. I think And I just wondered what you all thought about that and why it's that way and what we can do to change it. What Are the reasons? I mean, did it say why in the article? Like what were some of the reasons they gave?


Well, A lot of reasons that were stated were that people aren't finding true connections. You know and the of trying to meet people. A lot of black women that I know are very successful, have good credit on their own homes, but are finding men that are just after the physical. They're not trying to get to know you. They just want to take you on a couple dates. And probably by day three, they think they gonna smash you. And that's it. And a lot of us that have our own are like, no, they want something more fulfilling than that. They want a partner, they want a marriage. It says career women. Pri prioritizing career education. More women are getting bachelor's degrees. Women are marrying later. Women are waiting until they're older to have children.


And yeah, economic patterns, workplace policies. Lauren Freestyling by the way, Lauren's talking about, they said Lauren ain't reading nothing. Lauren just started talking. Lauren had this, Lauren had this already written down. I That up y'all. No, it's, no, I looked it up. It's a Morgan Stanley study. I looked it up because I, I think about that all the time. Like when you become Single know you do. That's how You know it. Off the top of your head, How do You know? Like dang. Like what? If you never get back with a person. Like what ha some it's like five of us that are single in a group. Thoughts And press at least Two people are never going to get with a person. Never. The thoughts and prayer. Tall You know what I always thought about though. I think people, and this is just me, but I'm not a single man. I've been with my wife since for, for 30 years. But I, I think people are, are too into Congratulations on that. That's a beautiful thing. Thank you so Much.


Congratulations. But I, but I also, I also feel like people are, are too into so many things outside of a relationship. Right? When I was dating my, my wife and And, I'm sure Charlamagne was dating his, his wife. Don't bring me into this. Yeah, you was dating your wife. I we didn't look at people's credit scores. We didn't look at what people did, what they were gonna do. We just cared. When I kid, I just cared about love. Like you, you look into what does he do? How much does he make? Where is he going? What's his credit score? Where does he live, this, that, and the other. By the time you get into all those things that, that dating pool is Very short. You know. Meanwhile, you Poe, you Poe you ain't got nothing. You ain't even got nothing but looking for everything in this other person.


But you don't have nothing. I have A live Listen, No, listen. No, that not true though. Because I've been that woman before. I've been that woman that was not looking for credit scores and what you can bring to the table and what did that bring me as a sole provider for a family responsible for all of that. So you have to pivot from that at one point because you can't be the person that's supposed to be the submissive woman, but you're paying all the damn bills I was and everything. And the responsibility falls on you. That is True. A lot of us, it's a trauma response. We all have been there where we Stop putting yourself these situations Where you, I promise you, we all been there where you really just love somebody. You don't care what they got going on. And you, you been in Love Lauren. Exactly. And. I've been there. And that was my Ex-husband. But I think that's When I needed him.


And it didn't have anything to do with money. It had to do with support and being there for me. But That was the first thing you said was money. I Lost my, now lost the First thing. You, me, money. I lost my and my husband who I was providing for, for the whole household. He was working. Yes. But I was the breadwinner. And when I needed him in an emotional place, he was not there. So it's different for us. Like we want, we don't care all the time what you make and all of that. But when it's time to be the man that we need you to be, where are you? Well, I think that You know you just need to trust God's timing You know what I mean? You know There there's, there's prayers for loneliness. No, there, there really is. Like what's a, there's a prayer where you can just, God's Joking but if's a real thing.


Y'all joking? I'm saying no. I'm saying you can ask God for community and companionship. I think that You know we gotta be very intentional about these things. I know you calling in the radio station and asking these questions, but I'm talking about when y'all are putting together y'all vision boards and when y'all getting on your knees praying to God ask for these things. I don't think there's nothing wrong with asking for the partner that you're looking for. Ask God to give you that part. Absolutely. But don't miss your blessing because You know once again to what MD's point was. Your blessing may not come in the package that you want. That's right. So all of these things that you asking for God may bring you what you looking for, but it don't come in the package you want last Week. Most women Are willing to, that's a lie. Last week we just had a conversation about 6, 6, 6. And you were talking about you want a man that's at least six foot To have six act quo.


The devil's number Please run the tape, please run the tape quo. The Devil's number said, I think that that's Dumb. Then some more men. I'm not gonna date a bus driver because a bus driver if he owns the company, like come on. And even with the height, I said, I would prefer you to be taller. But If you fire and you sure I'm open to It. Jesus, I wait on you for your glory to unfold. I will trust that you are guiding my life towards your perfect plan. And therefore I have nothing to fear. I do not have to fear my weakness or the possibility of making the wrong decisions. Amen. As long as you hold fast to you and your God. Amen. You can trust that things are always gonna work out for your greater good. That's Right. Dear God, I pray for this man that I am looking for. Yes. I pray that his mind stays sin, his burden stays light and his heart stays pure.


Yeah. Help me God help me say that. Say it. Repeat that to Me. Now en be doing that for himself man, I'm telling you that I got and we got a few bottle of baby oil and lubricant in his car. Right? Eight, five. 8 5 5. One as c and E is The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. It's that time again. Ask Charlamagne and DJ Envy anything. Pick it up. Pick it up, pick it up. It's time to ask c and e. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. We got Russell on the line. Russell man, what's your question for c and e? What's going on fellas? My question is, You know I'm coming up on three years of marriage.


And I signed to notice that You know the passion at once was is kind of like fading in and out. So I just wanna know from you too, what are some of the things that you guys did and the personal marriages to kind of keep the passion there and also what you guys did in your personal marriage to keep the passion there as well. You Mean the the passion between me and Charlemagne? Yeah. You know. I know y'all love each other. I just wanna know what kept the passion there. First of all, between y'all, goddamn hell ain't no passion between no me and Russell. Russell between me and Charlemagne is mad Baby Oil. I ain't gonna front. That's the, that's what keeps the passion between me and Charlemagne. All right. They gonna use that when your name pop up in that God indictment, when they see you on one of them Diddy tapes, they gonna use this same clip.


Okay. And you can't Hide the lightest Man at all. You remember when you was Ciroc boy, I Was Rock boy, I wasn't CI rock boy. I you Give Ciroc, boy I ain To the best play boy. Ain't Even nothing. He was definitely a ci boy. Oh my goodness. I think he was seriously asking y'all also in your personal marriages, You know, what are some of those things that you guys did to like keep the passion there? I'm gonna be honest with you man. I think it's either there or it is not. Like You know. IIII just, I love my wife. Me and my wife been down for each other for 26 years. And You know, it's, it's interesting when you grow with a person for that long. Like we, we grew up, we were teenagers together.


We were in our twenties together. We were in our thirties together now we in our forties together. And it's just like, I I, I love her more now than I ever did. You know I think back then because I love myself more. You know. So I, I honestly would tell you my brother do work on yourself man. You know what I mean? I think when you start doing more work on yourself and You know your first laugh and best love becomes self love and you start seeing the things in you that you wanna see, I think you'll see that in everybody. Especially your partner. So, And and not only that I would say You know what Charlemagne said. Absolutely right. But also I would say sometimes you just gotta make the time, especially when you start having kids and, and life starts getting away from you, right? Because you taking your kids here and you're doing this with your kids and then when you get home you're tired and you forget about your spouse.


You gotta make that time. Whether it's a date night, whether it's a date night, a couple nights a week going to the gym. Me and my wife, we have a great time. Like we party with each other. We go to the gym with each other. We watch tv, she watches the game with me. I watch her stupid shows whether it's the Real Housewives or whatever because it's that intimate time. It's not just be, it's, it's being with each other and we joke and my wife is my best friend. I tell everybody all the time, If, you tell me something, I'm telling her it it is what it is. Like that is my homie that is my best friend. But I I I but bake those times where it is just special. Where it's just you and her and you can focus on her. That's amazing. I agree with envy. But what If you spending that time and you realize I don't like this person. What If you spending that time and you realize the passion not there. Well that's another Situation. Can you come back from that though?


I Always think about that. I don't think so. I think that's why I, I think it's either you. I think you can, you got or you don't. If there's reasons why the passion is not there, then yes I think you can. This young man on the radio his problem is he been looking at other women on Instagram. Is that what's and being that you looking at? Yeah. Tell the truth. Tell the truth. He ain't no he said chill out. You've been looking at other women on Instagram. Tell the truth. You've been looking at other women on Instagram and your eyes start to wander. Your stomach, your st stomach, your stomach longer than your eye now your stomach, your eye Brought up You know you guys actually brought up changes that actually occurred in our lives as well. We, we have a 1-year-old so we're just adjusting to parenthood. See, but also to your point, I do agree with you envy in the sense of trying to find Hibernation.


Season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the great outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, hey it's John O'Brien from Money and Wealth on the Black Effect Network on iHeartRadio. I'm inviting you to come to join me at Black Week October 15th through 18th in the big apple, New York City. Black Week is an economic conference at aims to move our culture forward and drive greater economic opportunity to diverse businesses, suppliers and professionals. As an entrepreneur and businessman myself who has created over 40 enterprises and a leading expert in financial economic inclusion, I understand the power of economic opportunity and financial literacy, which I think is a civil rights issue of this generation. Come be a part of this first of its kind event intended to unlock the potential of black and diverse creators and consumers helping you to get into the C-suites where these decisions are made. Tickets can be purchased@blackweek.co slash register where you can use my exclusive code GHB Black Week to receive 20% off your executive registration and hear me speak live black week 2024, October 15th through October 18th in New York City. Claim your spot today


Those individual times for date night. But to your point also Charlamagne, I did actually recently just start therapy as well to start my There you go. So, So I'm just, I'm just trying to know final ways to like bring the passion back there And stop looking at them other girls on Instagram wandering. Tell me I'm lying. Tell me I'm lying though. You think you missing out? You got fomo 'cause you looking at another girl's Instagram. Well make that time for your wife you Water. Okay? And and and sometimes you might have to take some baby oil and rub you rub your wife's back with the baby oil rub. What's up you and baby man. Not I'm just saying just In case. What's up with you and baby oil? Not gonna baby but you Want him to switch the Gold bin? Nah, I just don't know what's up. Is that Your favorite lotion? His butt hole is chafe this morning.


What? He's just all this talk of baby oil envy. Wanna put oil, baby oil around his butt hole. What is wrong with you in baby oil in butt holes? You the that bought up the baby oil just the second time you Done said baby By the way, because of those freak offs and because of the baby oil and lubricant that they found that Diddy house, you cannot think of baby oil without thinking about buttholes. You are Correct. Yeah. You can't At all. No. Which is sad. But Baby oil might got a rebrand. I Don't even know what they were fall before. What was Baby oil before I on your skin? But did anybody ever put baby oil on their butt hole? I never used baby oils. Most ever. You Mike? Yes people put it on kids too. Put it on on babies but yeah but not on myself. I've never grown man put no baby oil On.


Used the la the Vaseline. You used it before gel. Yeah, but I like, like why now? Use like coconut oils, Vaseline gels, like all of that type of stuff. Okay. It's it last longer. Shea butters. Alright well that was as CE Now we got just with the mess, with all the roast coming up. We Do Fat Fatman scoop. They have officially announced his cause of death. And then we're gonna be talking about Shannon Sharp. Alright, We'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Okay off white. Hey I shut up. Talk the show Morning everybody, we all The Breakfast Club. You don't want that ones to show your moose knuckling. You got your toes out. You feeling sexy over there? You got A crop top on. I do not have a crop top on. Look, I had to look 'cause me be wearing crop top jerseys Then. They definitely do.


But I don't have no crop top on. Ever since He got exposed for wearing thongs. 'cause he left his thong in that Vegas hotel and trying to blame it on some body else. It shut Up man. He stuff he be thinking about. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Laura LaRosa News Is real. Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying Don, She don't nobody Bro. Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the Lauren. Lauren And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So Fatman scoop, there has been a, an update.


The medical examiner's office has officially determined his cause of death. He died from heart disease. Mm. Now you guys remember last month while performing in Connecticut, he collapsed on stage and one of his reps at the time came out and said that the only thing different that he had done prior to that was have an energy drink. So there were conversations around was it heart related, was it not? And now we know officially that it was heart related. The official cause of death for the performer was hypertensive and something. Cardiovascular. Cardiovascular disease. That's high blood pressure, right? Yes. And, I. Think that's the te I think that's the technical Term. It is, yeah. And blockage of the Arteries. And that's a, the a statement from the spokesperson for the Connecticut Medical Examiner's office.


So sending another rest in piece to him, Man, definitely rest in peace. Rest in piece of fat man scoop and the healing energy to the family of Fat Man School, the family, his kids and cardiovascular health. Heart health is very important. You hear me in interview, we talk about that all the time on his radio. We go to my man, Dr. Puma Sorin Medical. And I'm telling y'all, man, whatever you have to do to check out your cardiovascular, do it. It doesn't take that much time. You go there, I think the appointment may last maybe 30 minutes. You go in there, they put a a, a solution. You, you, you take a solution. The solution goes through your heart, it goes through your arteries, It tells you. And they can through everything, It tells you what's wrong. If there is a problem, if there's blockage, If, you see the plaque, you see the blockages, everything, Plaque.


And if there is a problem, they can fix it right then and there because Dr. Pool was the first person. Because You know I did all of those heart tests because You know when you deal with anxiety, You know your whole life. You going in the emergency rooms thinking you're having a, a heart attack. But Dr. Puma was the first person who really put my, my, my, my mind at ease when I went and did his test. 'cause You know I did the EKGs and the stress test and all of that stuff before. But when somebody can, when they can look into your cardiovascular and see what in your arteries and You know tell you what's the probability of you possibly having a stroke car or a heart attack in the future That really, really, really, really, really, really puts your mind at ease. It does. So man, brothers, go deal with your cardiovascular, your Heart health don't takes 30 minutes, man. And they take all types of helper coverage.


Even If, you don't have health coverage. They can work you where they can get you in. So definitely give Dr. Omo call And he is the first person to tell me about the widow maker. Or you can have the blockage in that one artery and then there's no symptoms when it hits. It hits. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh yeah. That make you wanna go like this week. You should again. Okay. You should. Okay, so going back to this because the conversation has grown bigger since we last talked about it earlier this morning. Cardi B and Offset. So right now there's a conversation happening online. I know we talked earlier about the fact that Cardi brought this to the internet and there was a conversation happening online right now about whether she was wrong or not for bringing it to the internet. And I will say this time around, a lot of people are on Cardi side saying that it was well deserved for her to be outing, offset the way that she has.


I wanna play a audio for you guys that is the center of the conversation and then we'll get into it. Let's take a listen. I'll make you look good. You, huh? Look at the bitch. I'm you. I don't care. I'm a your ups, matter of fact. Oh, look at this. I don't wanna see it. So what you was gonna, anyways, all you gotta do is get drunk. That bitch is gonna throw you that for five for 2000 bitches. Gotta survive out here. Oh. Oh. Now I'm a fucking bitches you was gonna do regardless. You go to a club and you, you probably get drunk. You give them bitches. 2000. You was gonna, regardless. Thank you for my kids though. All three of them. I don't regret none of them, but I regret you. I don't regret my kids. You are a good daddy. You all right? I don't regret them. Not none of them. Not none of them but you.


I regret you. Jesus. 2000. Yo. Who these high price whores that Cardi know? Wait, I ain't know the price was two th it's 2000 now Brandon, one of my, no, Brandon single. Brandon, I wasn't gonna put him out there. I was gonna say one of my homeboys, but since we are even talking about it, thousand, he said, dang, that's the price. Now I'm like, wait, it was lower than that Thousand just a few years ago. Situation got into 2000. That's not even gas Money for real. What crackhead you dealing with for $40? Bro? It was 40. She must be walking To your crib or wherever y'all meeting up at. The Bus is crazy. Taking a bus Is not even some people's rent nowadays. But anyway, somebody commented on this and said Cardi has clearly reached her breaking point, right?


Remember I was talking to you guys earlier about the offset text or comments. So the one that has people upset is she, he's basically online trying to play her. He said the fact that you keep going, talking about Cardi shows you're hurt. Leave me alone. Don't you got a new guy? Basically. Aren't we divorced? Everybody can see. I don't want you. It's okay. I'm not talking about this no more. All of you'll be calling me after a couple months. You my bm I won. So Cardi gets on her Insta story and she posts a text message conversation with her and Offset. And he's asking her, If, you don't want me? She says, not really. He says, are you with somebody else? She said basically like, and please leave me alone. Have a good night. So she's trying to show like, oh, he does want me. Whatever, whatever. So now You know the conversation is, it's like she's doing too much to prove that she's the, she, she can walk away and be cool in this situation.


Then other people are saying, I hope that Cardi did cheat. And I hope that it was amazing because he's put her through so much at this point. And, I was sitting here thinking about it. Honestly, I'm not mad at Cardi for taking this online no more. I'm not. I feel like she's been publicly embarrassed a lot. And if they're gonna figure it out at this point, I don't think that they will. But if she chooses to, oh well and if she doesn't choose to, oh well, but he embarrasses her so much. I'm, I'm, I'm just tired of it. So I'm with the people on the side of, if this is how she has to get it off this time around, go ahead and do your thing girl. I want everybody to stop listening to social media. I want everybody to stop performing for social media. I don't care what social media thinks of Cardi and Offset going back and forth because it truthfully is not our business.


Even though they're none of our business. They're making it our business by putting it all online. But We're in the we in the chat. But they, they, they, they should, they should keep that amongst each other because once again, they're going to be raising kids together in the future. But how do you keep it? And and you can't unsay any of these things that you're Saying. You cannot not And I was thinking about this. One of the one of offset's olders kids, his son, which Cardi You know takes in as her son too, is older to the point where I'm sure he, he's in school now. He's an older kid, so he's probably having to hear about this. But how do you not take it to the internet when a lot of the things that he's done leading up to this point are so public and make it to the internet? Like what, what does she do? You know. Like how do you not, it's there already. It's such a tough situation to be in. I just wanna know who these women are that's charging $2,000.


They should be charging 2K Rent. It's like $3,000 2K. PPO is crazy. Two KP PPO shouldn't need no baby oil. 2K. You are absolutely right Lauren. It better come wet. Stay wet. We If it used to be 500 in inflation to get to 2K, I wish I would have to pay you two grand and buy the baby oil. 2K Is what is wrong with y'all? That is just what the mess with. How about Bussy going for then if the two They said you should know, they now you not a source close. Mm NBY act like that. You see, I talked to her the way I talked to her. NY acting like that. I want y'all to write that one down.


I'm not gonna strike back now, but when I'm strike back. Okay, write it down. Just keep that mock that one. I don't like when people take stuff to the internet. Who writing it down? No. I'm I Or to the listeners down my, I got a good one. I got a good one. I'm just not gonna use it now because I have surprise for you coming your birthday on the way. I had surprise for you My birthday. Is it a nice gift? Remember the Last, remember where he got me for my birthday? One of my gifts Need we Get you. Oh you it something I think you need. What do I need? Do you don't remember the gift he got me that Went viral. Oh, The cake with the butt? No, that That wasn't a cake. He needed that. But I got something that you need. Okay. I mean you need it.


All right, everybody sees that you need it. Don't worry. Are you getting like mail trippers or like a prostitute or, I don't think it's gonna be that. You don't need that. I don't need that. That's what you want. I'm tell you what you need. Alright. Alright guys, When we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix each question. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, good luck. The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning. Everybody's DJ nv, just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long OSA filling in for Jess. We got a salute to Mickey Guyton for joining us Country Music Star. She's the first black woman nominated for best country solo performance at the Grammy. So congratulations to her. Her album comes out this Friday.


Tomorrow. Tomorrow house on Friday. We tomorrow I saw people leaving comments saying that they wanted to get House on Fire but they couldn't find it on end of the streaming services. Oh, what the song we played. Her Rep is texting me right now. Yeah, but It's not out until tomorrow, right? Yeah. 'cause that wasn't a single, so I don't think it's available online yet. I could be wrong, but I mean it should be available tomorrow. It should. Midnight tonight. Midnight Tonight. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think it's, I don't think it's available yet on screaming service, but Midnight tonight, it'll definitely be out. So salute to Mickey Guyton. Absolutely. Alright. Yes Indeed. When we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. It's time to get up out here. Now Lauren, you on A-H-B-C-U tour, right? Oh yes I am. So Friday, October 4th, we are going to be at Delaware State University's official Alumni Homecoming in Wilmington, Delaware at the Queen Theater.


I have tickets available for purchase If. you follow me on Instagram. It's Lauren la L-O-R-E-N-L-O-R-O-S-A. I'm also posting on Facebook and Twitter as well. And then we are gonna be over at Gho North Carolina a and t NV will be there. Yep. North Carolina a and t. Yep. Saturday, October 19th for the turn, turn up the yard event from 10 to five. And all that information's on my Instagram, Facebook, Twitter as well. And I'm gonna be heading on over to Norfolk. I'll be doing the Alumni Fest a Day Party during the Alumni Fest the weekend of October 25th. On October 25th actually. So I'll be at Norfolk as well. And, I'll be posting that information to all my socials.


It's Lauren la L-O-R-E-N-L-O-R-O-S-A. And of course everywhere you can find Brown Girl Grinding will have that information too. There you go. SLU to all the HBCUs. I think I'm about, I'm at Bethune College this year. I'm at Hampton University. I'm at Howard, I'm at Central State. I'm at North Carolina a and t. I think I'm at one more, but salute to all the HBCUs. I love this season. It it's, it is just really going back. It's like a big party on campus and everybody just loving on each other. So salute to all the HBCUs. Outdoor. Now Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. And the positive note is simple being humble, man. That's what this is about today. Being humble means recognizing that we are not on earth to see how important we can become, but to see how much difference we can make in the lives of others.


Are you doing anything for anybody other than yourself? Huh? Y'all have a great day Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


Ready to elevate your game and connect with marketing's most influential leaders? Unlock your impact on culture at Black Week, October 15th through the 18th in New York City, black Week is an economic forum and marketing conference created for and by Black and Latine top level executives in media, entertainment, tech, and more designed to inspire visionary professionals to lead with purpose. Black Week will redefine our economic profile in the market. Register now at Black week.co/register Black Week 2024. Claim your spot.


Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere unearthed the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm nk and this is Basket case. What is wrong with me? A show about the ways that mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different meds, But by culture and society. By looking closely at the conditions that cause mental distress, I find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane, what we can do about it and why we should care. Oh, Look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.