
Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide in owner's manual for additional information, always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, it's Angela Yee. Searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in vibrant news and pops of color from couture in the streets to its Valentino baby.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough, or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Morning show sake. E. Better known as the people's choice. It's to all my light-skinned brothers out there Just hilarious. Just For The worldwide mask. Just Don't do no lying. And charlamagne the guy Don't Eat. Everybody come to The. Breakfast Club. I call this the hot seat Breakfast stuff. It's like being America's front porch. Don't feel like my wrist cousins. I never cost to meet. Every time I go to the S club, I know it's gonna be like a good morning. I'm getting out. Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, Yo yo. Lauren on the rose filling in for Jess. Good morning, Lauren. Good Morning, y'all. Y'all Iag the guy beasts to the planet is two Jay.


It's what? It's Tuesday. Yo, get off my mouth early this morning, man. Whoa. Okay. Because you can't pronounce nothing. You All, You'll be questioning anybody. You too y Be in here arguing like y'all ain't wake up together. You knock it off. That's facts. All right. Okay. 'cause your braids still fussy, first of all. All Right. Okay. You cut it out. Every fuzzy. I'm here. New day. Same braids. She Shea. What up? New day, old braids. Jesus Christ. You. know what? Go to hell. How? How are you doing, Lauren? How you feeling? I'm doing good. I gotta redo this lash right here Though. That ain't the only thing you gotta redo. But since we are here, Jesus ripped The lash right off The braids has been redone. Don't play with me You. know my struggle about getting my braids redone and what I had To go through. What is It? The braids. Jesus. Happy Tuesday everybody. I feel blessed black and highly favored.


Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. That's right. The, Breakfast. Club. What's happening? Absolutely. Well, today, Caleb Plant will be joining us. Yes, of course. You know he's a boxer, Not just any boxer. Super. What is He? Super middleweight. Middle champion. Yes, yes, yes. Of course. Och will be joining us to break down some of the things on boxing that we might not know or some questions we might not know about. My guy, ACH man, you watch OC and Barack on his own boxing show. So I love when OCH comes up here when we have these fighters in the room. There Was a lot going on in the rumors yesterday too. Yes. There's a whole lot. It always is. I, I mean, I'm gonna be honest with you, Lord. It just doesn't Slow down. I feel like there's like a lot of like legal stuff happening right now. I was yesterday. I was like, man, everything is sold. What You gonna do with those eyelashes?


I'm about to reapply. What you mean? I'm sorry. It ain't going on my eyes. Oh, okay. The only thing I hate about this era that we're in And. I say it all the time. Nobody cares about the truth from the lies more entertaining. You just be having people saying anything. Yes. Yeah. And it's just like, like folks run with it and, But no, there's, there's no sources there. There's, they just make it up. There's even, and people believe it. If there are sources, sometimes the sources is not, shouldn't be a, like anybody could talk to somebody and be like, oh, it's a source. But it should be a source. It should be vetted. Yes. There's a lot of different things people would be like. You don't get tired of saying I spoke to. No, I don't. 'cause I want y'all to understand I be at work. There used to be a time when you could cite your, where you would have to cite your sources. Correct. Yeah. Now, nowadays people can just get online and be like, huh, spook to such and such.


What? I heard, this is what I heard. Yep. And people actually run with it. And. I be, I don't even be mad at the people that be reporting it. I be mad at the people in the comments for not even thinking, thinking to question it. But You know why. It's 'cause they want to believe it. Yes. I mean, it's Like you said, it's entertaining. Right? So people, Nobody cares about the truth and the lies more entertaining. And folks wanna believe the worst about everybody. That's right. Especially when their lives are miserable. That's factual. Alright, well let's get the show Crack. We got Morgan Wood, we got front page news. I'm sure we'll break down more politics. How many more days into the election? 44. 40. 40. 40 something. 43. Alright, we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Law on the rosa of filling in for Jess.


And let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. The Bills beat the Jaguars last night, 47 to 10. And the commanders beat the Bengals. 38, 33 commanders were like number one in the division. Next Eagle, right? Jesus. All right. I don't pay attention to stuff like that. I Figured you wouldn't. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Tuesday y'all. Good morning. So yeah, so President, oh, excuse me. The US is sending additional forces to the Middle East. President Biden. He addressed the rising tensions in the region. Let's hear comments from Biden. I've been briefed on the latest developments in Israel and Lebanon. My team is in constant contact with their counterparts and we're working to deescalate and the way that allows people to return to their home safely.


So yesterday the Pentagon said, the move said the move to send a small number of troops to the region is out of an abundance of caution. Then the decision comes as tensions continue to escalate between Israel and the Iran backed militia. Hezbollah. Lebanese officials said Israeli strikes on Monday killed nearly 500 people, including children. Israeli prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, I promise that we would change the balance of power in the North. And that is exactly what we are doing now. The airstrikes followed last week's attacks, that targeted Hezbollah's communication devices, those pagers that went off killing almost three dozen people in injuring. Thousands of others. Of course, You know both sides claim they don't want tensions to escalate.


But this is what is happening. So I'm gonna report it. Keeping you abreast about what's going on in your city. New York City leaders from around The World are in New York City for the in general assembly this week. And that was, Oh yeah, we know, we know. I got out before the traffic yesterday. Oh, traffic was crazy yesterday. I didn't feel it At all. You didn't see it at all? Nope. I didn't Either. Good for y'all. 'cause I was going to, that is exactly what I was getting ready to say. Security is tight and traffic is creating a headache in Midtown, especially the East side. President Biden is expected to address the UN today and give a outgoing, and this is giving the president the outgoing opportunity to a chance to outline his foreign policy experts. Expect the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East to be a dominant sideline or expect to dominate sideline discussions.


Girl, I'm, I'm getting, I'm getting it this morning. Okay, anyways, go Vice, vice President Harris. She will not be attending the UN gathering but will be meeting with world leaders this week, including Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky. So of course Patrick Fee Freeney, he's with the Secret Service. He says they are on high alert. Let's hear from Freeney. There's been a global uptick in political violence. And that's what we're aware of and that's what we bring forward too when we're, we're planning out these visits and, and how to address that. Yeah, so authorities say they are ready for protests, but they will not tolerate any property dam damage. There are no known specific credible threats tied to the UN general assembly. So You know, again, just stay vigilant.


If, you are in New York. You know you're gonna be dealing with some traffic and maybe just plan ahead If you can and pray. Pray for all those people at the UN who gotta sit to a, sit through a President Biden speech. Lord have mercy. Jesus. I'm sure if they had a vote, they would choose not to him speak. I mean, God dang Someone else to do it. Lord Have mercy. Okay, well speaking of sending somebody else to do it, New York City's health Commissioner Ashwin hon. He is resigning after nearly two and a half years. Dr. Rashan, who is stepping down at the end of the year, says he'll, he's well aware of other high profile city hall departures, but says that his decision is purely personal. Let's hear from him as he speaks on his decision.


My focus has been on improving health with integrity, with good values, with ambition, and with follow through. And that's my focus today. It's my focus yesterday. It's gonna be my focus from now until the end of the year. I have three small kids all under the age of 11 and they need their debt. And so You know this is my time to say I'm prioritizing you. Yeah, definitely expect that. Yeah. So in a statement, mayor Adams referred to Dr. Rashan Baan as indispensable and added that he appreciates the doctor's decision to at least stay on by the till the end of the year while they find a successor. So we'll keep you posted on that and on the, in the next hour, we will of course get into more political news.


We'll talk Trump. He was in Pennsylvania. We'll talk about what's going on with BP Harris as well. Alright, thank you Morgan. We'll see you next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent phone lines to wide open. Get your ass up. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me. I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is, can I be anonymous?


Of course, because it's the radio. Just change your name. It makes no sense to be anonymous on the radio. We can't see you. All right. This is Elle. Hey Al. Hey l. Nice To meet you. Nice to meet you guys. How y'all feeling last morning? Blessed black and Holly favored That as you should. So Elle, what's up? Get it off your chest, mama. All right. So I'm calling basically to say that how that nawa operated being underpaid, working hard, 16 hour shift back to back tired. And we need more money. And you are a 9 1 1 operator. 9 1 1 operators Salute to all the 9 1 1 operators. I don't ever think about the 9 1 1 operators, but that makes a lot of sense. No, they don't. They don't think about it.


We sit here, we answer calls, 16 hours, shit all day tired, halfway falling asleep on the phone, answering your family calls. Well this sounds like an emergency. Who should you call? Clearly not the mayor. Maybe try 9 1 1. Listen, who do you call when it's an emergency? Nine one one Mean you. Yeah, but we need more money and they, it needs to be heard. Okay. All right man. Well I hope somebody hears you Well. Thank you Al. Thank you. Have a good, have a blessed day. You. Hello. Who's this? Yeah, what's going on? Good morning. What's Your name, brother. This is Reggie. Reggie, get it off your chest. So this is DJ Ivy, right? Yes Sir. Yes. Good morning.


So listen, this is the story, right? So I went to church on Sunday. And I invited one of my friends because she wanted to come to my service and which was cool. So she came to the service. And then my ex-girlfriend that hadn't really spoken to like for three months to go to the same church as well. She got upset and wanted to like basically start issues. Now. Was church Church like in my new at the church? Nah, she was trying to get crazy in church. So you brought your, a new chick to the church that you used to go to, to old Chick. It's not, she, she know my new chick. She was just a friend. But Was it given, she might have been babe. And that's why old Bay was like, God, You know my heart. That's right. And, I. Gotta turn it up right now. But God don't know your heart if we haven't really spoken in two months.


But that was through your ex and you brought a new girl to, to your church Who wanted to fight though. Correct? She an ex-girlfriend. I think she did. Was the other girl showing restraint? 'cause it was church. Like she ain't really wanna let them hands go. 'cause she was in church. I mean, I, I didn't tell her until the end of the service. Oh, okay. Until we like got outside, like, Oh, so they didn't really Fight then. No, but she started, she started looking at her like, like what's really going on? Like this your new girl, You know And. I feel like, I feel like, I feel like all of y'all going to hell. That's just my personal opinion though. I think it's him. He's gone. Mm Was I'm the problem. Yeah, you Are. Because why would you take her in that? Why would you take her in the house of God? And it's a little tainted. You know your ex was in there.


Because I trying to create something new. Trying to do something fresh and new. Like I'm trying to start my life over. You Knew there was gonna be a problem. You're not stupid. I never thought About that. Men in the church who go to the same church. Sir, how many different women have like the pastor seen you with? I've never like thought about That. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. When we come back, a young lady wants to talk to you Alone. Oh my God. Is this Shay When we come back. All right. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast, Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, You gotta have the same industry. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning.


This is Shane. Back, back again. Girl. Shade. Back to spray the block. The braids is still here up. Do that because I'm coming. I'm coming with an apology girl. So I'm coming with an apology. Why? Why would you, why would you ever apologize for telling the truth? Shay. Shay tell you to shut up so she can tell you an apology. Okay? Shay, why would you apologize and tell her the truth? I Okay. Okay, because okay, I'm country. So You know when you country you just say stuff. Tell man I know You know that. If, you Been here just doing anything. Mo corner South Carolina all day. Yeah. So, No, I apologize 'cause I didn't, I was in trying for it come off like that. Like I said, I was just trying to put my best friend And. I didn't want you. And I had a braid. And I was talking about the braid.


But I apologize Lauren, but how? Because I know I black women, And, I crowns. You know. But how the hell braids look though Shay? My braids look good as hell. I'm not talking to y'all. I'm talking to Lauren of All Shaa. Y'all are so messy. Sha black, black women do have crowns. But if a sister's crown is crooked, it's your job to straighten it up. Yeah, but if it ain't crooked, it's not your job to identify something that ain't there. Sister Charlemagne. I felt I crooked. I see a little leaning towel appeasing If. you asked me Sha was a crooked shake. No, her crown is crooked. Them braids probably cost more than my hair. I can't talk about her. Right. That don't mean nothing ma'am. I'm just trying to plug my best friend. That's hard. And I still didn't.


Well What's your, I didn't see no DM from the best friend. What's the best friend's Instagram? Jesus. She, I actually did myself. I sent you her info Because I'm gonna be in ver you said she's in. I'm gonna be in Virginia for Northfolk homecoming. What I'm thinking happened is the friend saw your bridge and was like, don't ever volunteer me for that. There In Portsmouth. You said you what? She right there in Portsmouth. Which is close. It's close. That's close. Okay, Well we'll see. Your friend Is getting you ready Lauren? Yeah, I'm ready. Write it down Lauren. All Red phone. Phone bone. Got two E's at the end. This country, this dude is so country gas, it's Giving mere Now. So Portsmouth is in the hood? No, she's in the safe area.


Don't do her. She's not the hood. I'm just asking. I'm just asking. Yeah, No. Red bone. B-O-N-E-E stylist Underscore. Yes. Oh that's my best friend. She do hair, she do braid, she do natural hair. Whatever you want. Her name is Ebony. Everybody else listening. Y'all go get her up. She ain't Coming up. She she ain't coming Up. All right Shea. Thank you Shea. All Y'all Salutes everybody in the seven five. Seven Luke. Everybody in the 7 5 7. I think what happened is Shay's friend saw Lauren's hand and was like, don't you ever volunteer me for a task that tall. You don't need volunteer searches over here. We are strapped and ready to go whenever. Get it off your chest. I got the hairstylist.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess with Laura LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? We Do. We gotta talk about Young Dolph and the, the alleged murders of Young Dolph just running down, kind of what happened. It's really sad. Alright, We'll get into that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren. LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do. She don't spell nobody. Nobody Worldwide. Worldwide. Mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And I got the mess. Talk to me Yesterday in court, the people who were charged with murdering young Dolf, the trial began. So the court listening listened to open statements and a lot of statements from witnesses. The two shooters, Cornelius Smith and Justin Johnson or the people in question and just, I'm sorry, corn Cornelius Smith actually took the scene yesterday and walked through everything that happened. Now I wanna note that Justin Johnson, the other shooter actually in the beginning of this, pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit.


First degree murder. First degree murder and being a convicted felon in possession of a firearm. Now there's another, a third guy, his name is Hernandez Govin Hernandez Govin is not being charged as like one of the shooters, but he is like the drug dealer in the mix of this that I guess was cool with the guys that was trying to get them signed to CMG was like a friend. He's the one who actually, according to these defendants, he's the one who actually told them that Yo Gotti's brother, who he is alleging put out a hit on Young Dolph, had the hit out, had the bounty out for a hundred K and Gotti's brother's joke. Let's take a listen to Cornelius Smith in court talking about what happened. We, we knew that You know they had he on DPH and Head or whatever.


So who Had a hit on whose head Big Ju had had a hit on do head or whatnot. So How do You know that Big Ju had a hit on Doll's head? I qui had told me about it. Quit and You. know what I'm saying? Being just How much money was it supposed to be A hundred thousand on Do. And had you agreed to do this hit? Yes sir. Had Justin agreed to do this Hit? Yes sir. Were y'all gonna do it together? Yeah. They they been on it for you? Yeah. What was, was there any arrangements as far as splitting money or anything? Yeah, me and him and we, me and him supposed been giving quit 10,000 piece. Alright, so you and him were gonna give Govan 10,000 a piece.


Yeah. And how much were you gonna get? I was getting 40. He was getting four. So in that video he is talking about how they were gonna split the money. He says I was getting 40, so Justin was gonna get 40. Cornelia Smith was gonna get 40 and then 10 K was gonna go to the Govin guy, the Hernandez Govin. Which was like the drug dealer. The person that put them onto the hit. That doesn't add up to the a hundred K. That's 90,000. Yeah, there's still 10 K missing but it whatever. So after all now, so once they're going through kind of like what happens, they then begin to, they just go in into a lot of detail. Let's take a listen to the second audio 'cause I want you guys to hear kind of how they break down so sad what their plans was about like how they were gonna do it at first and how it ended up happening.


Not at the Turkey Drive. We Knew that were doing the Turkey drive. So we was actually on our way to Westwood. Had you and Justin talked about this particular day before? Nah, not specific day. Like we just knew that it was Turkey Drive going every day that week. We just knew that you knew that. Is it fair say that you knew Dolph was involved in these Turkey drives this week before Thanksgiving? Yeah. We didn't even know we were going to catch him, but we knew he did. His artist, everybody had hit on the hit. Everybody had personally hit from ju. Yeah, from ju. And that was gonna be all's business this week. Yeah, that was, I be knew Now Ju who was Gotti's brother was actually killed back in January at a funeral.


But this part right here, I'm like man, that Turkey drive that Dolph does. He's been doing it for years. So many people come out, families, kids, his family could have been there. Just think about the fact that they were like You know what wherever we see him. But the goal was we know he's gonna be at this Turkey driver. All of those people, right? They were just wanting to do it because they wanted the money wanted to. Justin actually, I'm sorry, Cornelius actually said in court that they weren't feeling anything. They just wanted the money. Now this beef, it's so sad man stems years and years and years back. Dolphin actually sat down with Raquel. Shout out to RA from Rack rant a while ago and spoke on the beef. Let's take a listen. Jay know it's a lot of hating going on.


Whole lot of hatred going on, whole lot of envy going on. Whole lot of jet going on in Memphis is the thing called people tricking people out the streets. Get people unfocused on what


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available toying capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always Secure cargo.


You hear more and more about identity theft in the news every day. Maybe that's because so much of your personal information is out of your control. Like your insurance provider that has your social security number and your favorite retailer that has your payment details. If they get breached, your information is vulnerable. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft. You might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it with LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/news terms Apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Why does this room look amazing? What'd you change? Oh, I just got these custom shades from blinds.com. It's all online so it's really easy. Great price too. Ugh. I remember shopping for blinds. I waited around all day just to get a quote. Hi, sorry I'm late. I know you said just the bedroom, but what If you feel about the bathroom? I feel like I had to say yes just to get rid of her. Alright, just go ahead and sign here and we'll get everything taken. Care it took forever. And the worst part, hidden fees. How about you? I chatted with my blinds.com design consultant on my time, got free samples and it was all super high quality at a great price. Plus they make it easy to DIY or add installation like I did. Blinds.com sounds way better. Way better. And everything comes with their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Plus check this out. I can control them from my phone. Whoa. Magic Shop blinds.com for up to 45% off select products. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews where natural and affordable Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime, that's dime beauty co.com code. Get dime for 20% off


They doing. That's all it is. You know what I'm saying? Like do built itself up and building itself into becoming a superstar. And, I let us throw do off right quick. He doing too much. Come on. Nah man. The city can't say they mentioned Memphis. They say Doc we can't You know. Nah he doing too much. Don't get mad at me when I'm doing my thing. And it's like straight, authentic. It's just straight all real. It just straight all 100 and don't knock the next man for getting his money. Period. Any man that hate on the next man from getting his money or against himself from doing anything, whatever you were. Now the case was only supposed to last like this trial was only supposed to last a couple weeks. It's been known for a while that Cornelius and potentially Govin were going to be cooperating in this.


So I And, I'm assuming that's why because literally on the stand, all of the audio and all the video that you watch from it, when I say they're breaking it down play by play. Like they even show You know the the dos like last moments and they have Cornelius just walking through. Okay that's me. Yeah. I had on this actually when I got on the car I had, I had a wave cap on. I had my own gloves. He talks about how they met up after and exchange the money like he's breaking it down play by play by play by play. So They break down how they got rid of the car. Yes. Where the guns went and how they received The money. The house Where the car was found, how they wiped down everything. The music video. Very sad Man. I am, I am so sorry. The family of Young Dolph has to relive all of this trauma, has to listen to these two young men speak about taking a life like they just made a a run so aimlessly like they just made a run to the store real quick.


Like, like I clicked on that link yesterday on YouTube and realized I wanted no parts of it. The law and crime YouTube channel. That's what it's called. Yeah. You even watch in court. They Had two trials going on at the same time. I think it was the Young Thug Ys L trial and then hearing all that stuff in the young Dolf trial. Well not the young DOL trial. What's the two guy's name? Because it young Dolf is not on trial here. What's the Cornelia Smith and Justin Johnson. Yes. And all I kept thinking to myself was You know what D one is. Right. What you're just right about all of this. The whole state of the culture. Everything. Yeah. And I don't know what's true and what's not true. But the sad part about all of this, it doesn't matter because the internet has already took it and ran with it. And now guys like You know Gotti have to deal with the ramifications of that testimony.


And it's all bad. None of this is going to end Well it already hasn't ended. Well it already hasn't because Dolph not here. Jook not here. But it's a lot of People have lost their Life. Life. Yeah. It's going, it's gonna get worse. And people got families, people Got Kids, people Got And you don't know what's true and what's not true. You, You don't. You don't. It's These people's testimony. But now everybody gotta deal with the ramifications of this Testimony. Yes. And the sad thing is, is when you look into it, they say that this all started because they didn't sign with each other in like the early in 20 16, 20 15. That that's where they say the beef started from. Because they didn't do the deal with each other. Because you could, you think about all the death that happened just because they didn't do a deal with each other. I don't know if that's really the reason's, but if that is the reason A Talking it's very stupid point of it. And I mean. So we have a song real really quick.


I know DOL had what? What's the song play? Can I say the B word? I wouldn't play that song. You are Okay. Oh I'm what? It's don't play me Play with your what? I Wouldn't play that song. You say women can say that word. No you didn't say that. That's, you said you are No women can say that word. You are a queen. Yes. Thank You. That's why I appreciate the light-skinned people in the room when they pop out. Of course you do the dark of course would appreciate the light over the dark. Of course you would. Yeah. Yeah. Same way. You like them white men over black men. Stop playing with me. We all know what it is. Yes. Stop Playing with me You. know what I'm saying? Also too, man, they said they were willing to kill young Dolph and he was on his way to his Turkey drive. Can you imagine that person? That's what I'm Saying.


And all them families, all them people, so many people could have got hit and all of this. And mind you, one of one of the guys testified that a big part of this was they wanted to be signed and be down with CMG allegedly. Right? So all of this for a deal And then they only got $800 out of it, right? $800. Well Just think of the fact one person waking up looking to do something for their community, the other folks waking up to take something from the community. 'cause we really be killing the same people that God sent to help us. And that's why you have to love these nigs from afar. Okay? Just a bunch of pointless n nonsense. And when all the smoke clears, when you take a step back, ask yourself was whatever folks beefing over worth it? No Bro, that's so disgusting, so nasty. But You know both of those brothers do a lot for that community and, and do a lot for Memphis.


But it's just $800 to be signed to somebody. They were gonna do it for a hundred thousand dollars is what they were set. Allegedly supposed to get Cornelius to take that man's life. Cornelius Smith said at one point Jesus time he had to come back to get more money because they, they didn't give him the full 800 he had ran out. So he had to come back to get more money 'cause he couldn't live like he had to. He had to get away after they did it, then he had to come back to get more money. It's like that all of that first in peace off i I the case, the the case will keep going so I'm sure we'll have to talk about this again. All right, well that was just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. When we come back we got front page news and then Caleb plant will be joining us. He's the super middleweight champion. We'll talk to him next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning you are checking Out The.


Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is DJ Envy Jess hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la filling in for Jess. Let's get back in some front page news real quick. Sports last night the commanders beat the Bengals 38 33 and the Bills beat the Jaguars 47 to 10. Now what are we starting with Morgan? We're starting with former President Trump. Well he's making his pitch to farmers. He did that while campaigning and Smithton Pennsylvania on Monday. Trump said the Biden Harris administration is not enforcing a deal. He previously struck with China. We have a deal in place that China is supposed to buy $50 billion worth of our product and they are not living it up to up to it.


And they were living up to it. And every farmer I spoke to, I spoke to a lot of 'em recently in Iowa and they're having the same problem. They're not doing well, they're not doing well. They were doing great during the Trump administration. I think you would say that Trump also raised doubts about early voting in the swing state. He plans to spend a lot of time in Pennsylvania between now and the election. I actually spoke with a Pennsylvania representative recently who said that whoever wins Pennsylvania is likely to win the election. So some speculate the entire election could come down to the pivotal swing state. Again, Trump is raising doubts about early voting. Let's hear what he had to say on that. We're going to go after anybody that gets caught cheating on the election.


We're gonna go after them harder than anyone's ever been shot before. So he suggested that fraud happened saying what happened last time was disgraceful. He said that it would not happen again and also that this election would be too big to rig the comments come just a day after Trump said in a virtual rally that the country was in big trouble and that you could vote by mail or early in person. Trump would be, he will be back in Butler. That's the location where he the first assassination attempt took place on his life. Well question Morgan, if the election is too big to rig, how come Republicans are currently rigging it like they're currently setting the stage to steal the election?


You can look and see Texas has purged about a half a million eligible voters. Oklahoma's purged about 190,000 eligible voters. Voters You know Georgia's requiring five to 6 million votes be counted by hand. You got You know a lot of Republican states that have closed more than a hundred thousand polling locations in black and Latino neighborhoods. I saw sexist had they removed 1 million people from voter rolls. So it's like, like they're already setting the, setting the stage to steal the election. So how is it too big to rig if they're currently rigging it? You gonna have to add that's a question for former President Trump. I cannot answer that one, but you're definitely right. It's definitely setting the stage and the so-called precedent as to what we can expect in this upcoming election.


And I don't think that he's gonna go down without a fight. I don't think that either party will concede You know in a traditional sense. Anyways, speaking of the other party vice president Kamala Harris, she's reportedly been courting corporate America cultivating relationships with Wall Street and Silicon Valley. The Wall Street Journal reports that Harris has hosted dinners of eight to 10 chief executives at the Vice President's Naval Observatory residents to discuss the range of topics attendees from Visa, Motorola and CV CVS report that she listened to their thoughts on in on the inflation reduction act, DEI effort China and the labor market. It's a different approach than the one taken by B Biden whose business leaders say didn't make an effort to engage them beyond formal meetings.


Now Harris has also recently backed a less drastic increase in the top capital gains tax rate, breaking with the Biden administration plans and also switching gears to back to North Carolina, the Republic candidate for governor North Carolina. He's threatening to take legal action. Mark Robinson, he's take threatening to take legal action against CNN for the story about alleged remarks he made online. Let's hear from Mark Robinson. We have five weeks left in this race. Folks make no mistake about it. We are not gonna let CNN throw us off of our mission. We're in talks right now, everything up to legal counsel to take CNN to task for what they have done to us.


There you go. We are, we are going after. Okay, we are going to go after him for what they've done. The stories published by CNN last week alleged that Mark Robinson allegedly made sexually explicit and racially charged comments on a porn site. Now, Robinson told reporters at a campaign event on Monday that his campaign is in talks to take CNN to task for what they've done. He's looking at legal action in regards to that. The alleged comments were made over a decade ago and and include calling himself a black Nazi, having choice words about Martin Luther King Jr. And other things in reference to that. Several aide from his campaign have since stepped down. I mean people who are really close to him regarding those allegations. They have since stepped down.


And if we had time for one more, I know everyone uses Twitter, A KAX Well X is set to change how its block feature works. Owner Elon Musk says users blocked by a public account will now still be able to view posts from that account. However, they will not be able to engage with any of the posts from that account that blocked them. Must said it is high time this happens. So if I have you blocked, I got a public profile, you can see my post. But you can't engage. I Don't like that. Ain't that crazy? That's stupid. Yeah, right. If I'm blocking you, I'm blocking you for a reason. But now you can still see where I'm at. You can still see my posts. You could still, If I send, if I send Subliminals You know it's certain people that I wouldn't mind being able to Be like that little bit of petty too. Well just don't block them where you could Still watch this blow up.


Yeah, you don't want, you don't want your haters to still see you shining. And, and and the worst part about it is they see you shining but can't comment. Oh that'll drive them crazy. They make a fake page. Yeah, I don't go on x No way though. So I can care less. Alright. All right. Well that's your front page news. Follow me on socials, I'm Morgan Wood and you can follow me at Morgan Media for more news coverage, make sure you're following the Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio at and visit bi n news.com. Thank y'all. Thank you Morgan. All right, when we come back, we have super middleweight champion Caleb Plant joining us. We gonna talk to him when we come back. Is The Breakfast. Club? Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Jess as all maternity leave. So we have Lauren LaRosa and of course we got our brother ACH with us this morning. We got a special guest in the building. We have Caleb Plant. Welcome brother. My Man. How it going? How you Feeling? Feeling good. Feeling Good. Let's talk about you a little bit man. How'd you, how'd you get your start in boxing? Well my dad was a fighter when he was younger and so You know naturally wanted to open that door for me. You know a lot of young boys wanna be like their dad when they grow up. Just took to it right away. And him and my granddaddy got put a little money together to open up like a little gym and was in there from like 2 45 to like 10 30 at night. Six days a week. Yeah, that's why I like organized competing when I was nine years old, that's all I wanted to do.


And at first I started kickboxing. I had five world titles and non-national titles and kickboxing. But I was like boxing simultaneously. So like one weekend my dad would drive me to Atlanta one weekend my dad would, we would drive to Chicago, drive to Virginia Beach. He, he was just driving me everywhere. But then when I got to 17 I was like, man, I don't really want to kickbox anymore and there's no money in kickboxing. I don't wanna do anything else. So I just wanna do boxing. But Tennessee, I mean not known for fighters. When did you realize, all right, You know I could really be something in this sport. Maybe put Tennessee on a map as far as boxing? I mean I, maybe I was delusional but I felt like when I was nine like I was like man I'm gonna be this, this is, I know I'm gonna be this one day.


And even in like middle school, like I would practice my signature on a piece of paper, like fill up the whole thing. Autographs. My teacher would come around and be like, what are you doing? I'm like, I'm prac practicing my autographs. She's like, for what? I'm like, I'm gonna make it inboxing one day. She's like, you need to play B Player B. Yeah. I always felt like, man, I'm gonna make it big one day. Who Did you look up to boxer wise when you was growing up? Looked up to Floyd, Andre Ward and then like older fighters like Sugar Ray Leonard, Alfredo, Benitez, James, Tony Hector, Camacho and then like even older like Georgie Benton and people like that. So there's a long list of guys that I've been You know watching over the years trying to steal moves from and take 'em and make 'em my own and just You know be a complete fighter.


So yeah, I got a lot of long list of people that I respect throughout the game. Now you Had the fight this weekend. What did you think of the fight or last weekend I should say? Which fight? Canelo. Langa Just thought it was kind of a one-sided whooping You know he might've won maybe a round. So, but a lot of people expected Lange to probably get stopped halfway through the fight around six, round eight, something like that. So You know he made it through. So Were you surprised about your fight? You fought Combee You know, were you surprised at how he started the fight in in in Game Momentum after he, he knocked you down? I mean no one goes into a fight like I'm going to get an eight count. But I was locked in. We were taking him serious. You know, I feel like in today's game it's like a popularity contest. You know if you're not like the most, don't have the most followers or you're not the most known people will call you a bum.


But You know, we knew he was athletic, undefeated. This was his big moment and he was coming to put it all on the line. At the end of the second round, he caught me with a pretty good shot in round four I got caught on the shoulder, fell down and they gave me a count but I wasn't really tripping 'cause I wasn't hurt or anything like that. So I'm like man, just stay cool and just keep doing what you're doing. And tried to just switched up that game plan, took it to the inside. He was like wild, erratic, You know swinging crazy like bull rushing me and stuff. Kind of hard to like read things. So took it to the inside and went from there. Yeah. Every time you walk into a fight, is your goal to knock somebody out or is it just to get through the fight? Like what's the Just to stick to the game plan and if the knockout comes, it comes like in 2022, I had You know Ka of the year against Anthony Darrell, but it's not a shot that I was looking for.


It's just the best knockouts come when you're not looking for it. So I was waiting For you to ask a question. I was, wait, I'm, I'm learning his story as I'm sitting here and rolling Down. Let's talk Langa. Obviously you guys had some drama leading up to the fight and on the press conference where those that don't know Canelo kind of gave you a shot saying I'll take care of him for you. I Is he still on your radar, like with that performance, do you think it's a it's a big fight you against Langa? I mean I feel like it would, the fans would be right exactly. Excited to see it. And You know he's one of the bigger names in the division, super middleweight division. And I'm always looking to You know get in there with people who have big names or, or big challenges and yeah, He called you a hater when he was up here. He said that when you had your time Toan, he never disrespected you.


He showed you respect but when it was his time you were a hater and pressed him for a fight. He Said, I mean he, we were never around And he don't be girls, he said He's married so that's, He said, oh that's okay. That Makes sense. Yeah, I got the top one. There you go. You know what I'm saying? There you go, me too brother. There you go. Married game. Now y'all twins set up So what do you do brother? But when I had my chance, like we were never around each other. So as far as him not hating like we never talked but really I just seen him at the Jaime Monkey way in and all of a sudden I looked up and You know a lot of the focus was like on Canelo and them, 'cause it's their fight. He's standing right next to me and I'm like, Hey, what's up man? How's it going? Da da da. And I was like, man, we need to make a big fight happen. You know it'll be good for boxing, be good for the fans.


He was like, yeah, but I gotta fight already. I was like, all right, cool. Well If you, if it don't work out we can fight and if it does work out we can fight after You know whether you win or lose or whatever. And he's like on his, his bully or something like that. And I'm like, look, I get it. You gotta fight either If, you don't get it. We can make it happen. You know, da da. He and he starts You know acting tough and so You know I'm not taking a step back neither. And then I'm like well let's get the cameras over here and get it on You know for the boxing interviewers. Like, hey, if he fights Canelo we're gonna fight after If. you don't, then we're gonna fight next. And his daddy steps in front of him and all my life on my boxing career, his daddy steps in front of him said no, I don't say that on camera. He said it quiet like that. I'm like, oh yeah, that gave me confidence.


'cause like if his dad was so confident in his son, then just let him say yeah, even if he wasn't gonna follow through and do it, like why not at least just say yeah for the cameras. Even if it was just for the cameras. He's like, no, I don't wanna say that. You fought Canelo and and Benavidez. Right. So, so, so so who went that fight in your opinion since you've been in there with both of 'em? I think it's hard to say You know in big, big fights like that You know they have different styles. You know if Canelo caught him with the big punch 'cause You know David has been dropped before it was, he was off balance but he, he he has been dropped. But if Canelo caught him and stopped him You know would we all be like, man I can't believe that You know. I don't think anybody would say that. But if David got him Canelo and started flaring a lot, flaring a lot and You know maybe in the later rounds was able to You know get some steam or some momentum or something.


I don't think we would be surprised either. So it's hard to say whoever's on that night, You know whoever's got the best game plan, whoever had a good camp You know there's a lot of variables that go into it that lead up to You know a fighter having a successful fight is a lot. It's a lot You know speaking of those two opponents, you, you always been somebody that wants to get your licked back, right? One wants to rematch guys me that you lost to 'cause you, you've been talking about Canelo again, so you wanna Revenge to it now. Yeah. If you had the opportunity right? Yeah because there's, there was obviously bad blood with Benavides a lot. Canelo not so much. You guys seem to be cool now, but that's the bigger money fight. But deep down, what loss would you want to avenge more? I I would choose Canelo 'cause he is got more hardware. You know he's got three of the four belts and Bigger check at the end of that too.


I mean yeah. No one ever got mad for getting paid more either. You know so. Right. I think a lot of people put the emphasis on the money when they fight Canelo. Right. And You know we, we all gotta get our bills paid but money's not like my number one reason why, why Box You know I'm passionate about the sport. I'm a competitor. You know I love Boxing's. Done a lot of great things for me. So the money's obviously on the list, but it's not at the top of the list. It's, it's the hard what where the legacy You know the honor, the glory. But I'd run it back with both of 'em. I, We got more with super middleweight champion Caleb Plant when we come back. Don't move, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Larry Charlamagne guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Caleb.


Plant super middleweight champion. Lauren In a rematch with Canelo. How do you, like what do you do different? What do you improve? What do you change? Well I, I didn't have the best camp that fight so would like to just be able to have a better camp. You know experience isn't, I've said this before, but experience isn't something you can borrow. It's not something you can buy. You know you gotta go through the fire to get it. And since the Canelo fight, You know, I feel like I've done that. Fighting Canelo. Then Darrell two to former world champ David Ben Avita, former two town world champ. Now You know this guy who was ranked number nine in the WBA. I feel like I have that experience now. Is There a particular fight in your career that you feel like best defines you as a fighter? Like If you had to show somebody, this is me as a boxer. This is, Which fight would that be?


My first world title fight against Jose Ugi. I was an underdog going into that fight. You know I hadn't really like been able to properly introduce myself and a lot of people were You know saying this, saying that I was gonna get beat. Gonna get stopped.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews where natural and affordable well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime. That's dime beauty co.com code Get dime for 20% off


Definitely.


Caria was a Maltese investigative journalist who won October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely expose the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state and she paid the ultimate price. Listen to crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


This summer the nation watched as the Republican nominee for president was the target of two assassination attempts separated by two months. These events were mirrored nearly 50 years ago when President Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life in less than three weeks, President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim of an assassin today. And these are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in a violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore. The story of one strange and violent summer. This is Rip Current available now with new episodes every Thursday. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You know doing my thing in that fight become world champ. So either that or You know this last fight, even though I got hit on the shoulder with a and got a eight count You know I got caught with a good shot in round two. Other than that hit me with a couple other shots here and there. But that's boxing You know you're gonna get, you're gonna get hit. But just making that adjustment You know that'd probably be another one. Caleb, You feel like you have to fight or just be with a chip on your shoulder Because You know guys like Bernard in the past has said I'm never gonna let a white boy beat me. And the other black fighters have said that. So do you feel like you you, you have to be extra to prove to yourself like I'm not a regular white boy. I don't feel like I have to be extra You. know being yourself is You know how you get furthest in life and But you get te you get tested like we all saw you smack Jamal.


But the way I respond is not me trying to be extra, that's just who I am. You know and like someone, if someone's grabbing on your face and you ask them to stop and they do it again and You know, then they're saying You know things about being a white boy and You know in front of your peers, in front of of your wife. It would If you respond the way I did. That's not being extra, that's just right. But do You feel tested? That's what a lot of grown men do feel more because you're quiet, soft-spoken. Yeah, I think so. It's been like that my whole life. Life though. But as motivation and You know hopefully like by the time I'm retired find like a white boy might need something different. You know what I mean? So How do You know? How do You know to slap it Not punch because the instinct would be to just throw a punch. Right? And and in that moment he was trying to treat me like a little boy so I treated him like a little boy. Damn. Yeah.


So that was just you responding to what was happening in the moment. That don't mean you like it is gonna officially be like a actual fight with y'all. It can be You know he's in, he fights in one 60, I fight at 1 68. His last fight he fought at a catch weight of 1 63 against a guy who fights at 1 47 And he came in at, this is a lot of numbers but he came in at like 1 66. Right? So he, he even came in overweight on the catch weight. So he's a super middleweight at this point. So we could definitely make a fight happen. He's going through things in his personal life and You know I made a a statement saying like whatever happened between us could be sat on the back burner for now You know he's got things he's going through. Go handle that and we can make a big fight happen Until then, You know, I don't think it'd be right for me to like continuously like have my foot on his neck or be pressing him about certain things.


Like he's got You know enough on his plate and You know he is got kids and I'm sure we'd all like to see him get himself together and You know go out and make a decent living for his family. So Is that you? 'cause I know you went through stuff in your personal life like in 2 20 14 with your daughter and then losing your mom as well too. Yeah. Are you able to like be empathetic like that and remove the boxer or the fighter because you've been through your own things or like I mean I could honestly like care less what somebody's been through. That's not an excuse to not know how to act. Yeah. You know boxing's a grown man sport. So if you're gonna be in here you, you're gonna have to act like a grown man 'cause there's grown men in here and If, you act like a little boy then one of us might treat you like a little boy.


If, you need help. I'll be the help you need You know as far as whatever you're going through If, you can't hold it, hold it together well enough to just be out and about. Then you should be inside You know regardless of what you've been through. 'cause we've all been through things but we're not walking around grabbing people by the face or not even that situation. How Did you grab you by your face for you to slap him? 'cause I Was like, he did like that and pulled it on my beard. And I pushed him back. I'm like, yo, what are you doing? Like don't, I was mad You know don't ever grab me by my face again. Da da da. And he reached up and did it right again. And you only grab someone by their face for two reasons. Either one, you wanna fight them or two you don't think they're gonna do anything or they Wanted to kiss you. That's three thing. Yeah. Or three. Hopefully I'd rather be one of the first two. God damn bro.


Why? Why? Why Take it there? Like that was not even an option. Like damn you was think it true. I'm not. Oh god. Now how did you mentally stay focused after those terrible obstacles happened in your life? Like how do you even just stay focused and forget fighting just to show up in The? World? Yeah, At the end of the day you got two choices. You know if something's going on you can either keep going or you can quit If, you quit You know whatever situation you're in is prob probably gonna be like that forever. It's always gonna be messed up. You're always gonna wonder what if. But If you keep going. Who knows what'll happen. I guess I just always had like this voice in my head that was like, If, you keep going, it's gonna work out If, you keep going, you're gonna make it If, you keep going, things are gonna come together. And so like I just kept listening to that Kept, kept going and there was no way that I could like allow myself to live forever in the situation.


You know that I was in You know I I needed more than that and just kept putting one foot in front of the other. I guess just don't quit. You either quit or you keep going. So Absolutely. And you and Fat Joe had some words at one time too, right? We had How'd You know that? Everything. Yeah. Well Fat Joe always get into it with boxes man. Like That's your last on his list. Yeah, But that was based on Langer. 'cause You know he's siding with Langa. Him and Langa had some drama. So Rapper was Joe. I seen him At the Fight. I was like headed to the back to the back of the T-Mobile and he was walking this way when we were walking past each other. I'm not sure if he said something first or if I said something and he said something right back or if like we kind of caught each other out of the corner of our eye and we both just turned around and started like yapping at each other.


He must've been pretty bothered 'cause You know about it. Nah, he didn't tell me. I heard it. I heard it. What did he say to about He's telling other people then? And I was at Speaker Con and somebody came up to me and told me like Mayor, that's his manager, the mayor. Oh that's the business partner. Partner Business partner was like, yeah, this, that and the third Fa Joe's mad. So I guess it must have been pretty, pretty bother. What'd you say for everybody to find out? I don't know. We were just, were walking by each other and he said how does it feel having to get up off the ground three times? 'cause I Oh wow. From the shoulder and then other two times I just fell. He just said Yeah. So dude just randomly said that to you? Yeah, but yeah That's crazy. Which is weird 'cause I won and one he caught me with a decent shot. The other two like just fell You know. Yeah. So like that's not really a flex to say how'd it feel good?


I'm off the ground three times. If I won, he won the A term champ. Stop the guy. Your guy lost every round. What do you mean? How did it feel? Felt better than not getting my hand raised. Yeah, I don't about that. I don't know how little old me could have all them that bothered But who's next for you? Mania. Langa. I think You know the B Lango or the Charlo fight makes more sense. I think it's more exciting for boxing, more exciting for the fans and yeah I think one of those. One of those two. What do you think Charlamagne? I think Langa be hot right now. I think you and Langa would make a great card right now. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I like the Charlo brother too but Langa is like hot right now. Right now both of y'all are hot Now. Been in the gym. Yeah. Yeah. This makes sense from a boxing fan perspective. That's what I would want to see.


I think so too. Yeah. Langa, I saw that you had posted the Girl Dad sneakers. Oh yeah. The Kobe's or the Kobes. Talk about like Kobe as a motivation. 'cause you talked about a lot of boxers, but like you specifically said he gave you motivation for years. Oh yeah. Since I was a kid, like feeling like studying the greats You know great to be great, to be successful You know you gotta be intentional. And so just taking time to watch like every YouTube video I could on certain certain athletes, certain coaches, certain artists, You know Kobe's dedication and sacrifice that he made to get to where he got You. know that's something you gotta tip your hat to and respect. And so just watching a lot of his motivational videos over the years and studying things that he implemented into, whether it be physical recovery, his nutrition, numerous different things like that.


And wanting to put that in my arsenal and You know so that I can try and be the best athlete I can. Yeah, he's given me a lot of motivation. And then obviously with Charlie and Aaliyah and then the girl that who coming out You know. I felt like it'd be perfect timing to You know, put all that together. Well Kayla, we appreciate you for joining us this morning. Absolutely. It's Kayla Plant. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. Morning everybody. It's C-E-J-N-V Jess, Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club on OSA. Filling in for Gs. Yes. All right, salute to Kayla. Plan for joining us this morning. Salute To Kayla plan. Dropping a clue Bumps for Kayla plant man. Also, I wanna take this time to remind y'all that my fourth annual mental wealth expo is happening on October 12th from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott Marquee in Times Square, here in New York City.


It is a day of mental health and healing education. We got some of your, some of the best therapists and psychiatrists are gonna be there like Dr. Alfie Breland Noble, Dr. Rita Walker, Jay Barnett. My man Jason Wilson is gonna be there. Dr. Han Brian is gonna be there. Tyse is gonna be there in conversation with, with with Jason Wilson. So it's gonna be a great day. Mental wealth expo.com for more details. Okay, it is a free event. It is open to all ages. So we'll see you Saturday October 12th from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM My fourth annual mental wealth expo. Did I say it's a free event? Yes. Okay. It's free every year. I just wanna stress that it's free every year open to all ages.


All you gotta do is go to mental wealth expo.com for more details and to register. All right, now we got Jess with the Mess with L LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? We do ti and Tiny won a lot of money yesterday. Drop the Two bomb for the Big one. All about it. Yeah, $71 million. Insane. We'll get to that next. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Laura La Rosa. Your music is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't spell nobody. Worldwide. Worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren la back. And, I got the mess. Talk Talk to me. TI and Tiny in the OMG girls won $71 million. Look At God I dropping on a Cruise off ti and Tiny Mm drop another one. $71 million is insane. Yes. So this was awarded to them by a jury. So If, you remember Tia and Tiny, they had the OMG girls, which was the group that their daughter Sonique was a part of Performance Group. Now for years, tiny has been calling out a company called MGA entertainment and she was calling them out because they created these dolls like these LOL surprise dolls that were literally like a direct rip off of the OMG girls.


So she's been calling 'em out for some time. And I printed out some pictures for you guys so you could see just how blatant it was. Not only did they rip off the way that they looked, they would take certain outfits that the girls wore on stage, hair colors, names, everything. So in court a jury decided unanimously that they were the, the winners, they were awarding of this. Now to break down that money, a part of it is in real damages and another part of it's in punitive damages. So you have $17,872,359 in real damages. $53,616,759 in punitive damages. So the real, the real damages are what is that like direct? So that's direct money that they lost real damages.


Which one? Real damages. I'll Google it. I don't know why I asked you The 17 million. Yes. Oh, I thought that was in regards to the profits that the company made. I could be wrong though. I thought I read that last night. I'm looking it up in the meantime. So actual damages, also known as Compensa commissary damages are a type of monetary compensation awarded to a person who has suffered loss or injury due to another party's actions. Some examples are medical bills, loss wages, emotional distress, property damage, and other type of expenses. Oh, so that's Punitive. That's that's what real damages. Damages. Oh, that's real damages though. Real damages. So then the punitive damage. I love when we Google things together. I love knowing, so the punitive damages are known as legal punishment.


So this is something that like a person would pay in addition, in addition to whatever another person's being compensated like in civil court. Either Way, ti and tiny getting paid. Yeah. And that and that company got it. Look At me trying to figure out what the breakdown of the sauce is because Lord, if, if I could ever get awarded this, I would never work again. Probably You know. I I love this because You know this happens to create so much and You know these corporations can usually get away with this because this big bank take low bank. But not in this situ, not in this case. Not at all. It wasn't the first time a mistrial The first time. I think it was a Mistrial. Yeah. First time was a mistrial because And I forgot what happened the second time. But this is the third time and the jury finally got it right. Yeah. But So since that, can they appeal or no? It's done. They got that in Money. I have no idea.


Well, congratulations to Ti Man dropping. I'm telling you right now, allergy G Girls and all That, there's no doubt in my mind that tis stories gonna be in the next generation's Bible. I'm Setting this Up here, the LeBron James version of the Bible that we will one day get, there's gonna be a chapter full of the things ti is overcome. God got a different type of covering over Clifford Harris's life. You hear me? And I'm not debating with anybody who doesn't know what goody mob track ti was bumping with his partner, young Dre on top back of him. Okay. If, you ain't know If, you don't know that. Then don't debate me about the covering over ti i's life. Okay? $71 million. It's A lot of money's a lot of money. Yeah. Now, and other news, meek Mills. So Meek decided yesterday that he wanted to get online and ask a few questions and You know Meek uses his ex account very sparingly to get information, to have conversation.


For some reason yesterday, because all of the Diddy stuff that was going viral and You know he was earlier on, like his name was brought up in the case and all of that, he decided to tweet, I wanna hire an investigative team, a hundred K Cash to find out every specific detail involving Meek Mill name to Diddy case. I also want them to look at who is powering the media involving Meek. Anything to do with Buddy, something not right. I, I would've, I would've left that in the, the draft you Was to find out why his name is connected to Diddy. That's when he, I think it's because people are still continuing to make jokes about like Diddy, meek, all that stuff. Why, Why, why is Meek Mill trying to spark the Meek two movement?


Why nobody has your name in this meek. Like, stop listening to these digital d headss on social media. Your name ain't in those indictments. That's all that matters. Forget what these people on social media saying, Not the indictment. That was the civil case from Little Rod. Remember Rod said, yeah, even a rapper from Philly, Even with that, allegedly, that's just nonsense. That's just noise, man. Stop letting these digital D heads cause you to react because that's all that was. Yesterday was a reaction. Yeah. Yeah. I I, I would've left that in the draft. I wouldn't even want no parts of everything that's happening with Didi right now, whatsoever. Now moving on to some social media conversations. So Eve You know we had Eve up here, she was talking about her book, who's That Girl Story of her life and her career.


And in the book there was a part that You know a lot of people have been discussing and she's been talking about it a lot too, where she talks about feeling very like intimidated and just different feelings she had when Nicki Minaj came on the scene. Because Eve was that on that girl, the Only Girl for so long. Let's take a listen. No matter what industry you are in If, you have been at a place in your life or your career where you may have been that one, that person, that thing, and someone comes in and of course you feel insecure. Of course you feel protective. Of course you feel, do I still belong here? I felt like it was important for me to write because it also talks about a time in my life where I wasn't going to those tools of drinking and doing other things to help me cope with is my anxieties I had to do, go to other modalities like therapy as people will read it.


It all was my stuff has nothing to do with her. It was all these things coming from the industry I think also had a lot to do with it of being the one female You know, thinking like, well how can she be here and how can I be here? Which is stupid. The part where she said it was all my stuff and it had nothing to do with her. I was like, man, that is such a, that's a word right there. But Nicki Minaj responded. It, she, it was a lengthy tweet so I'll just read some of it. She said, dear Eve, the various things that you've shared recently are groundbreaking in my opinion for so many reasons. First, thank you. The level of grace, the level of emotion and spirituality, maturity it takes to be this vulnerable and transparent is a sign of true peace, happiness, fulfillment, and a mastery of self, self-reflection at its height. I always say that I think accountability is a sexist trait a person can have.


I was one of the kids in New York watching Rough Riders on tv. I definitely remember how when you took the game by storm that there were some people who couldn't hide their insecurities even though it's swept under the rug. Now I remember that you handled it with grace, but also a big sprinkle of unapologetic talent and charisma. You soared and soared classic mu music with the illest team into the biggest screen and made it look too easy. Trendsetter the Eve blonde shortcut the eve Paul Prince hats on the chest. I was so nervous coming onto the movie set every single day. You look like a pro. And I admire that so much. Thank you for trying to not do to me what was done to you. Women feel so much pressure to compete and it's a shame because we usually have so much in common and could really benefit from one another just as human beings.


We all share so many of the same experiences as artists, wives, moms, ups and downs, anxiety, et cetera. There's more. But I think that was the gist of it. And I thought that that was great to see Nicki Mina respond with, because You know Nikki gets a lot from the younger girls from her issues with lot of just different people. People feel like she's doing what? Saying that she was trying to be conscious. Joe can, sorry, I'm probably gonna get flack for this, but I wanna say that a lot of people give Nicki Minaj so much, but when I read this I'm like, dang, I wonder how much she went through herself that she may be sometimes according to other people, repeating to other people because it was just what she had to go through the breakthrough the industry because Eve was very aware of it.


But how many women weren't as aware of Eve? I mean, I was was honest, but I don't like, I I I don't recall Eve ever being the only one. Like when Eve came along, there was quite a few You know rap chicks still going. Kim Foxy, Trina, the brat Nikki was, was the only one when she came along. And that's why like the, the gap between Nikki and Eve is so wide. Like maybe I think she was talking, she was talking on the set of barbershop when she walked on the set of barbershop. Yeah, that that what she was talking about. And. I. Go ahead. But Eve was talking from a music perspective. She talking About the, she was talking about from the movie, I think I She was talking about came on the set. I thought E was talking about when she came on set. That was the Question she thought she was talking about the the music. No, I thought she's talking about Barbershop when she was doing barbershop and Nicki came on as, because it just seemed like actress in Barber Barber shop Becausecause, she talks about coming onto the set and she said that she didn't even think that Eve liked her after the first day.


But I think that it goes and it transcend into music and You know what I mean? All of that. 'cause not that even If, you Eve wasn't the only one when you the hot girl, you the hot girl. Like whether it's two of y'all, three of y'all, you feel like it's just you. So you can inflict You know insecurities on other people. And I think people do it unconsciously. Sometimes It just feel like by the time Nicki came along, that was a whole different generation. Like even Nicki was not even in the same class competing. Like I wouldn't even look at them as competing with each other. I I wouldn't either. But see even that you wouldn't look at them as competing, but in some instances, Eve did You know. So yeah, I thought that that was a great public moment to have. And I'm not always down for public conversations about private things, so, Alright, well thank you. That's just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa Charlamagne who you giving that donkey too, Man?


Four after the hour. Let's talk about why women are just crazy. I'm, it's, there's just no other way to put this. This is insane. Okay. And I think that most women will agree once I, they hear me tell this story. There's a young lady named Melody Sasser. She needs to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with her. All Right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. You be a fake ass. Charlamagne. Some donkey days just saw themselves. I been watching Charla Man was ready for you. Donkey. I never heard donkey other day. What is it? Donkey? Say it again. Charlemagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey.


Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes, donkey. Today for Tuesday, September 24th goes to a Tennessee woman named Melody Sasser. Melody is 48 years old and she attempted to hire a hit hitman to kill the wife of a man she met on a dating website. Mm, I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to WBIR Channel 10 for the report please. The woman who hired a hitman to kill another woman will spend more than eight years in prison. Melody Sasser was arrested last year after authority. Say she hired the hitman on a website called Online Killer's Market. She paid the hitman $10,000 in Bitcoin to kill the wife of a man she met on an online dating site.


The 48-year-old provided pictures of the woman and location information. Sasser must also pay more than $5,000 to the victim.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime. That's dime beauty c o.com code. Get dime for 20% off.


Decia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This summer, the nation watched as the Republican nominee for President was the target of two assassination attempts separated by two months. These events were mirrored nearly 50 years ago when President Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life in less than three weeks, President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim of an assassin today. And these are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in a violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, The story of one strange and violent summer. This is Rip Current, available now with new episodes every Thursday. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I really feel sorry for single people in 2024. I don't knock anyone who is on these dating websites You know If. you want, I just felt If you. I felt something in here. What Could you stop being so sensitive? I don't even know what you're talking about. If. you want If? you wanna go on eHarmony bumble OkCupid match.com. Lauren, what's your favorite Christian Mle? I don't do none of them. I don't do none of them. Christian Mingle. Try Christian Mingle. All I'm saying is I don't Know if my rep intake will allow me on Kristen Ringo. Oh, pray over the pray over the tequila before you get on there. That's all. All I'm simply saying is I don't knock anyone from being on these websites, but it truly can't do anything but complicate the dating process.


Now this is what I don't understand about Melody's request. The news report says the man met Sasser met her prior to his marriage. Melody, listen to what I just said. He met you prior to his marriage, meaning that If, you were a match for him. If he really wanted to be with you, then you both probably would've been together. Clearly this man was looking for what he currently has a wife. Clearly he wanted to be in a long-term committed relationship. It just wasn't with you, melody. So what would be the reason to get this man's wife killed? Do you believe that If, you You know, get her out of the way then it will make room for you. That's not how any of this works. And furthermore, why are people having customer service conversations with online killers Market?


I'm telling you right now. Okay. Your Uncle Charlotte gets on this radio. And, I tell y'all all the time, every day of our lives we are simply trying to avoid crazy Nothing more than nothing less. We trying to avoid being crazy ourselves. But more importantly, we are trying to avoid the crazy in others. This man is out living his best life with his new wife. Just think about that. Just he just living You know. They just going about their daily routines minding their business. And it's somebody out there with $10,000 on her head for no reason other than she met you on match.com before you met your wife. And she has an obsession with you paid $9,750 in Bitcoin to have your wife killed.


And she customized her order. It needed to appear like an accident. She said to avoid suspicion of criminal activity. And then she complained for two months and 11 days to the online killer's market that the job is not completed. She literally said to them two weeks ago you said it, it was being worked on and it would be done in a week. The job is still not done. Does it need to be assigned to someone else? Can I choose another killer? I don't want to use Michael Mayers no more is Jason. Boy, he's available. I know that Kruger guy only works nice, but he is, he potentially available. Law enforcement searched her home. They found a journal listing several other hitman websites. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but I guarantee all of these Hitman websites are operated by law enforcement.


And please, law enforcement, whether it's the F-B-I-D-E-A, someone please let me sit in one day. I just want to sit in and watch y'all react to the foolishness that is on the internet. I really do because you gotta be a different level of stupid to go on a website to order a hit on somebody. Can you imagine going to a app to order a hit on somebody? Murder Eats is crazy. Imagine def dash delivering to the wrong address. Listen, one of the hardest things in life is letting go Melody. Whether it's guilt, anger, love loss or betrayal, change is never easy. I understand. We fight to hold on and we fight to let go. Melody, you should have let go.


But now you got the next a hundred months in prison to think about it. And she gotta pay more than $5,300 in restitution to the victim. And nobody can say she didn't earn it. Please give Melody, Sassa the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons the of the day. You the of the day. I have a question. I have a question. So she met him before his marriage. Oh boy. What was the timeframe in between? They met and then he went and got married.


Doesn't matter. She wasn't the one. Mm, it doesn't matter. She wasn't the one and all she got was a hundred months. That'd be the problem. That's over eight years. What you mean all she got Think she should get more than that. Trying to kill somebody. I do too. You know. Not really single. You wanna Play a game? Yes I do. I play a game. Let's, do you wanna play a game? I do. Let's play a game of yes. What ratio? All right, gimme my clues. Melody Sasser, 48 years old, attempted to hire a hitman to kill the wife of a man she met on a dating website and she only got eight years in prison. Guess what, Lauren Rosa. She white. Okay. Only eight years. Okay. Okay. Is this something you would do Lauren?


I'm not hiring no hitman. You Do it yourself. I ask me now. Should hire somebody from Delaware. DJ Envy. Yes. Melody is 48 years old and she attempted to hire a hit man to kill the wife of a man she met on a dating website and she only got eight years in prison. Guess what races is white. Why you think she's white? Well, she only got eight years. Okay. See, I would like to tell Lauren LaRosa and DJ Envy that both of y'all are absolutely positively correct. Yay. I knew it. Melanie from Tennessee. She is Capital Riot White. Look at her. There she is. Look at her. Well thank you so much. Okay.


She Would love to know the timeline though. She's got an Insurrection or two in, it's a pick and Right. Don't be on this dating app, acting single and you not If, you marry somebody like two weeks after we, Wes. That's the point. You can't try to, we could have never been dating me. First of all, you making this up? We don't know how long it was. Okay. So where you get this two weeks from? I just feel like it was a short period of time because why she so so crazy Feel. That's why I be trying to stop with y'all feelings. You stop putting your feelings on people. We don't know the facts Now you posting pictures and I'm where you at? Facts. Facts. You getting married? No. I'm at the old white party. Like I just, what? What's next? Wow. Right. Okay. Somebody got triggered. Very Triggered. Somebody's on bumbo typing ferociously right Now.


Don't y'all be in hell? Married. Okay. With relationships, looking for matches. Do you have a Bumbo Account? Why are you No, I don't have any of those accounts on any of those places. Liar. I think that it's weird. No, I don't. Why would you be on a, You never had one of those accounts? Never. I think that, that's so weird. I, I swear I've never been on a dating app. But why would you be on a dating app If, you if You know that you're about to be married to somebody. You have someone that don't Getting this from, we don't just, he just Rolled over and was like, I wanna marry this lady. All of a sudden She don't know this. You're making all of this up. You we, none of this was happened in the store. Okay. There's A lot that leads up to wanting to marry somebody back. You knew you was on your way to marriage, so why would you come my life?


The Lulu Lemon. The Lulu. I Don't care. You want Don't come in. My life Is joining us. I'm so frustrated. Why? You need a shot. People be lying. It's like why would you like Oh, trigger trigger us. I traga. Listen, who's lied To you before? Do you need somebody to talk to? I have a great therapist you could talk to. I Don't trust nobody coming anywhere from you. I have great recommendations. All Right. Frank McCort will be joining us when we come back. Frank McCort is a billionaire. He's the expert of the Los Angeles Professional Dodgers and He has a great new initiative called Project Liberty. And he wants to save social media and he wants to buy TikTok.


That's right. Aw. Jinx. Double jinx. Triple jinx. I'm just kidding. We'll talk about it when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Yay. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Tha God. We are The Breakfast Club along the Rosas filling in for Jess on maternity leave. And we got a special guest in the building. We have Frank McCord. Welcome. Thanks for having me. How you feeling this morning? Feeling good. And you? Pretty Good. Pretty good. Less black and highly favored man. For for those who don't know, Frank, tell him, just tell 'em who you are. Yeah, let's start with the fact that I'm a father of seven kids. Oh, okay. Fifth generation builder. Born and raised in a little place called Watertown, Massachusetts, right outside of Boston.


My great-grandfather came here a long time ago as an immigrant and started building roads when Henry Ford started building cars. And so we've been building stuff ever since. My work kind of identifies me in many ways. 'cause I've worked hard for a long time. I've had the privilege of owning some sports teams, which are, is fun. Hard work, but fun and yeah, that's a little bit about me. You own The Dodgers. Who else? I own a football team called Olympic De Mae French Football Club. We just had a massive win against Leon. Congrats. One man down after the four and a half minute mark. So we had to play the entire match with 10 guys and beat them in their house three to two. So that was massive for our, for our club. Now you wanna buy TikTok? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Tell us about that. Why, why would you love to jump into the social media world?


Well, it's, it's interesting. So when I was in LA through that tough period, I got a little taste of what social was like even then that Yeah. And that was, think about this for a second. Now that was, I got separated in July of, of oh nine. My divorce was a matter of You know, a, a public thing for three years and with seven kids, that was tough. Yeah. I had four at the time. And but for those four it was very tough. And it was tough all around and for everyone and not just me and And I watched what was happening here. And, and first of all, let me, is it, don't feel, don't feel bad for me. Okay. I'm doing great. So that's, that's not the point of what I'm about to say here. But I, I saw this complete change in how we were communicating or sharing information.


I'm not sure we were communicating and You know Facebook had introduced a like button. Smartphones were in everybody's hands. So all this, like this wild, wild West was, was appearing right before our eyes. And, and so as I said, I, I felt a sting of all that because, and You know what I felt like a guy with a, watching my house burned down with a little garden hose with low water pressure. Like I'm supposed to put that fire out somehow. Right? It's impossible. So And I said You know to myself at the time, well this is in the direction it's going. This is gonna take us all down. This is gonna just destroy everything we love. And this Was in oh nine when you felt like that? Yeah. Oh 9, 10, 11. Wow. 12. So it was a three year period where I got a glimpse at something. And little did I know that I'd be here 10 plus years later talking to you about this.


But I, I saw that my first move after selling the Dodgers was to help start a public policy school in Washington, DC our nation's capital with Georgetown, my alma mater. We started that school. And You know, I had hoped that You know maybe we could get the, the policymaking apparatus up to speed here and out in front of the problems so that this runaway machine wasn't gonna, like I said, destroy everything we love. So it started that public policy school in DC and in 2013. And it's a great place. It's, it will be the best public policy school in this country. I'm, I'm certain of that. However, I learned after two, three years that policymaking and the whole policymaking apparatus is no match for big tech.


So I launched something called Project Liberty. I Was gonna ask are, are they selling TikTok? Because I thought at one time the government was trying to force the guy to sell it, but he didn't want to sell it. So are is they actively selling TikTok for you to Purchase? Yeah, great question. They, they, the government is, has passed a law that, that the president signed that TikTok must either sell the US piece of TikTok and by dance is the company or shut it down and by dance is resisting that. And so there's litigation right now. There was just a hearing last week. I think the government's case is very, very strong. I think they'll prevail and by dance will have to either shut down us TikTok or sell it. And our bet is they're gonna sell it, not shut it down.


And we don't wanna see it shut down. There's 170 million people using it that enjoy it. It just shouldn't be wreaking havoc on The, World You know and, and creating the harms. It it creates and it doesn't have to. So I don't wanna be the CEO of a social media platform. Don't misunderstand me. What I'd like to do is see the 170 million TikTok users come over to a new protocol where each of us own our own and control our, our identity, we own and control our data. We permission its use. It's not just scraped up by these platforms, aggregated algorithms applied to it. And then we have a lot of crazy stuff going on. We need people, and this is my strong opinion, we need technology where we own us again and we're in control of us again.


'cause right now we are not in control of us. The the these what's these platforms are control. What's a comparable time of you said, well, we own us again on, on the internet. When did we own our, our own info on the internet? Because Before the, what I'll call the app age. So when the internet started 41 years ago, it was decentralized and nobody was scraping our data, surveilling us 24 7 and taking advantage of us. And in 89 there, the worldwide web started and that's when our data was up for grabs. That's when it all started. Right? Suddenly the data was out in the, in the ether, so to speak. Right? And a, a few companies You know, they understood that If, you If you own everybody's data, you own them.


And whoever was gonna own the most data would be the winner, quote unquote, right? And so you had a winner in social that was Facebook. Now meta you had a winner in search that was Google. You had a winner in shopping that was Amazon and so on and so forth. And what happened was this data is, don't don't think of it as like amorphous thing. That doesn't mean anything. Your data is, you ev these platforms know everything about you more than You know about yourself because they have hundreds of thousands of data points about you. And that's not a good thing. So who Do these companies sell it to? And like how did they know that they should be farming people's data? Well, I think what they realize, SHA is that they had the data was gonna be very valuable.


And so let's collect the data and figure out how to make money. Now they built machinery to basically extract and collect that. And then they needed a business model to, to keep the company going. Right? And that was, that was the ad. So-called ad tech model or the attention economy, right? If we know a lot about you, we can sell you stuff. We can go ahead and, and push ads on you to get you to buy things. In retrospect, that's like the benign aspect of this. And what I mean by that is, what they realized is that it's not just what you wanna buy or, or where you eat or what you like to You know this or that. It's like I said earlier, how you think and how you feel. So you're profiled, we call that micro profiling, right?


You're targeted. So if I can, if I know everything about you, then I can feed you news content that is gonna reinforce how you're already thinking. Right? If I can, if I know everything about you, I can get, get you to do things. I can manipulate you. You You know Jack Dorsey was the guy who started Twitter. He, he, earlier this summer, he was at a conference in Oslo. He said, we are talking way too much about free speech and way too little about the loss of free will. Mm. We're losing what makes us human You know, I, well I I don't know about you guys, but when I was in school, what I was taught was that You know what separates us from all the other species. You know animal species is free will.


That's right. It's our ability to, to to make judgements right, to make choices, to live our life, to have freedom, to have liberty, et cetera. That's what makes us human. You take our free will away from us. What's it all gonna look like then? And so that's why I started Project Liberty. That's why I've launched the people's bid to go ahead and move, not to shut down TikTok. We don't want to see it shut down. Move the user base to this new protocol where we each essentially own ourselves again, own our personhood, and we get to decide how to share information about us. Two trusted counterparties. All right? We got more with Frank McCourt when we come back. Billionaire ex owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers when we come back. So don't move us to Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The, Breakfast, Club Laura filling in for Jess was still kicking it with Frank McCourt, billionaire ex owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers. Charlamagne, what is, What is Project Liberty? Because you, you put, you put up 500 million, Right? Yeah. So yeah. So yeah, that's the seed capital. Get this show on the road and to put out, to let people know that it does not have to be this way. The internet could operate differently and we could each own ourselves, our identity, our data control. Control. Who gets to see what, just like we used to do in The World, pre pre-internet, right? There was a world before the internet where people got to decide what information they shared about themselves with other human beings.


You know you didn't share a lot with a stranger. You shared a whole lot with your most intimate relationships, right? So we have an internet that doesn't o operate like that at all. As a matter of fact, you don't even know if it's another person on the internet. 'cause it could be a machine, a fake person, You know a this and that. So we need to get it, get the internet to operate like The World operates when it's coherent, which is You know, restore truth. Let people, let people be in control of their lives, have real people using the internet, not a bunch of fake phoniness. And then we, by the way, they'll still be bad behavior. They'll still be bad actors. We tech better tech is not gonna take care of all the problems in The, World, but better tech that puts us in charge of our, of our own, all of our own data and our being our personhood then puts us in charge of us again.


And we are accountable for our own bad Behavior. But realistically, is that real though? You know. 'cause let's say You know, let's say you purchase TikTok and you do that with TikTok, with all these other platforms, whether it's Facebook, whether it's Instagram, whether it's Elon, Elon, Musk's ex, is, it realistically can get back to a place where we have our privacy back. I mean, it's to the point now where everything is open. I mean, you can pull up court cases, you can pull up somebody's house address, you can pull up so many different things where before you absolutely positively couldn't. But is that real? Yeah, totally real. I'll tell you why. You know, five years ago when we started this project, if I was having this conversation with you, I, I guarantee you when I left this room, you'd say, out of his mind, not gonna happen. Right? Impossible. And, and by the way, you'd say it was impossible because it's too complicated the tech and nobody's ever gonna change and who and who, who gives, right?


Because five years ago people weren't focused the way they are now. Two and a half years ago, we were able to actually push the, the tech out and say, see, it works. So we have over a million, almost moving towards a million and a half people on this new internet. I'm talking about this upgraded internet using it. So what does that say to me? The tech works. So what we're left with is this issue of how do you get people to migrate? Okay. And I think people don't migrate until they realize there's a problem. So all that is great, and in a perfect world it would be amazing. But You know the data is being moved around the way it is because they make money, right? So as a business person, how do you speak to the money that isn't gonna be made? Or is there a way to still make money, even though we would own our own data?


And I get to pick and choose when you can put it where, like how does the, how is money made? Well, I I, I'm, I'm gonna tell you that more money will be made because more people will be making money. And so it's not like the data isn't valuable. And it's not like we're not gonna use data to solve big problems. And You know they'll still be shopping and searching and social on, on this internet. The difference will be you'll decide who to share your information with and on what terms. So imagine an internet where rather than clicking You know stupidly on the terms and conditions of use of these big platforms. You know the cookies that we all just click on because they're annoying. Yeah. Okay. Imagine an internet where the, the new apps and there'll be millions of them.


Click on your terms and conditions of use. You say, sure, you can use my data, but pay me. Right? So what we're what we're saying is that there will be advertising, there will be commerce, there will be business. There has to be for this to be realistic. Otherwise it's just like, sounds good, but it will never happen type of project. Right? So, but don't, wouldn't you prefer an internet where rather than being targeted all day long and have stuff pushed on, you have an internet where


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the you have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot all prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction. All conditions always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen, Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information always secure cargo.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare Match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime. That's dime beauty co.com code. Get dime for 20% off.


Definitely.


Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere, a podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This summer, the nation watched as the Republican nominee for President was the target of two assassination attempts separated by two months. These events were mirrored nearly 50 years ago when President Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life in less than three weeks. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim of an assassin today. And these are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in a violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, The story of one strange and violent summer. This is Rip Current, available now with new episodes every Thursday. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


You signal that you wanna buy something. You say, I'm this person. I'm a real person. You could be anonymous until you contract, right? And, I. Wanna I wanna buy something that's more valuable to advertisers, that's more valuable to companies selling things than just surveilling all of us. And guessing that you want something and hoping that you want something. Do You know a third of all the money that's spent on the internet on in the advertising economy is complete wasted. It's either scam, scam artists or just misdirected or not. Why are we doing this? Why are we, in what world do we think that being surveilled 24 hours a day is a, is a a reasonable thing? It's, it's not.


So there's gonna be business. What's the first thing you would do? If. you acquired TikTok to make it safe. People Move the users to a new protocol, which a simple protocol where you own and control your identity and your, and your dad. So it's a permission based internet. Now, all of the good stuff at TikTok still happens. The user experience is very similar. So you won't take away the dancing, you won't take away the the thing. Okay? People can dance all day long. It's, it's all good. It's just, I don't want, people think they're just dancing and having fun, but at the same time, somebody's scraping all that information about them and using it in harmful ways, right? So that's, that's the thing here that we wanna eliminate. So that, that's, that's the first thing I, and, and what can everyday people do right now to support or help make the change you're trying to make?


Go to the peoples bid.com, the peoples bid.com and join the fight. Get involved. And that involvement may be that you wanna invest that involvement may be, you can socialize it at your church. It may be socialize it at your kid, kid You know at at your kid's school on the, on the sideline of the football field. It may be that you want to volunteer and get involved. 'cause we eventually, we we're gonna have to have a million people show up in Washington, right? And say, you gotta stop this nonsense. And because the, the CEOs of these tech companies, we now know, and they know that there's a problem here, right? How many more conversations are we gonna have where they go in front of Congress and they testify and, and lie about this?


So if they were gonna fix it, they would've fixed it, right? So that's, we can't, we can't rely on them at the moment. The next place you go is to your elected officials and say, Hey, please fix this. It's hurting my kid. It's hurting You know my, my business. It's hurting, whatever. It's hurting my life. Sadly, these companies are all over our elected officials. They're giving them donations. They're, they have lobbyists and all that stuff. And so nothing's getting done. And our elected officials are using the same social media platforms that are killing us, right? They're using them to, to get elected and all that. So what, what are we left with? We're left with us. We're left with people. And, and that's what we call it, the people's bid. If we want freedom and liberty and individual rights, we need to start looking at our data as a human right.


This is who you are. And we should, we should own us. Right? Even our DNA, by the way, our biological DNA is now digitized. So what could get more, more you than your DNA, right? So this, this is really, really, I, I think a, a key issue. And, and so let's fix it. It doesn't have to be this way. Absolutely. Thank You for joining us this morning. Ladies and gentlemen, Frank McCourt, check out his book To our biggest Fight, reclaiming Liberty, humanity and Dignity in the Internet Age. And if they wanna know more about Project Liberty, where do they Go? Project liberty.io or go directly to the peoples bid.com. Alright, It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club News is real.


Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess On The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me. Mary j Blige is going back on tour, y'all. She also will be dropping new music. So she announced that she is about to do the for my Fans tour yesterday on the Sherry Shepherd Show. Let's take a listen, My announcement. Alright, I'm going on tour in January.


And the name of the tour, The name of the tour, The name of the, the name of the tour is called the For My Fans Tour. So If, you are a Mary J. Black fans. This is for you. Thank you. We getting tickets? You're going on tour. And the one thing that we know with Mary, when she's on that stage, you're gonna be rocking your Giuseppe boots. Them Giuseppe boots. Yes. But before we get to the boots, can I say something? Yeah. I have a new album coming and in November, November 15th is called Gratitude Dropping a Clue. Bumps from Mary j Blige Dope. Okay. We worship Mary j Blige around these parts. You hear me? And if you've never been to a Mary Concert or Mary tour, you need to go.


Have you ever been? I have. I took my mom when she was honored at the BET Awards. I think it was like two years ago. Best thing ever. Best time ever. I'm like, what are you pointing to You know what you were point to I about, about, I've been about three shows married at three tours. I would go, I like You know how sometimes you see people you're like, oh, I don't need to go again. I would go and see her every single time. Like she, when she performed for, when she did the BET show, she was crying by the end of the show. Like she really, like, she Now Mary Kills it. I She's a walking memorial, an icon living drop on the include bombs from Mary Jane Blige. Dammit. Yes. And she's going on with Neo and Mario, right? Mario. Mario. And it hasn't been announced yet, the specific stops, but they are going to be like, these are some of the, like these are some of the stops with the specific dates hasn't been announced.


Or the venues. They'll be in Atlanta, Boston, Buffalo, Chicago, Denver, Detroit, Los Angeles, New York, DC and a bunch of other places. Now to mention, dang, maybe I don't wanna mention this now. I don't want to nevermind. It's okay. We not gonna mention that. I don't wanna share it. What? I don't wanna put that with Mary's moment. Okay, we gonna move on. So Jay-Z Jay-Z. You guys know that there's been a conversation about him doing the casino here in New York Times Square? Yes. So a story came out yesterday with page six. Jay-Z is now promising Jay-Z and Roc Nation is now promising more than $250 million in grant money to Hell's Ki to the Hell's Kitchen community if the bid is won for the New York City gaming license to create that Caesar Palace Times Square Casino.


So this grant will help to improve Times Square, hell's Kitchen and different surrounding areas. Roc Nation is getting support from 150 different organizations and businesses, including different restaurants, hotels, residents, unions, and Broadway stakeholders. Now Roc Nation is going to give an initial of $15 million to the local community. And then there are gonna be regular grants that they issue. And this will be based on 5% of the casino's performance. Now to note, casinos make a ton of money. Casinos make anywhere from 1 million. This is on average 1 million to $10 million per day. The Caesar Palace Times Square team has already met with the Manhattan Plaza residents. This is the well-known affordable housing development area for artists per reports who will also benefit from this.


So what Are they gonna make that decision? I feel, I feel like we've been talking about it for a while now. It's supposed to be coming up. I don't know. But I would like to know how many of these other entities who are trying to get a license to open a casino are pledging those kind of grants to the communities they plan to build these casinos by the Ansys? Probably none because none of those corporate entities, they don't think of the communities because they're not from these communities. Right. But You know Roc Nation is from Yeah, The community And I think it's, it is lit because You know people complained. I, I had saw people complaining about, oh, it's gonna bring traffic and tourism and blah, blah blah, but it's gonna bring money. Exactly. So many money. So much money. So many jobs. A lot of these like the neighborhoods and different things that they're focusing on to help put money back into needed, they're overlooked.


Resources are not as abundant. But to answer your question, envy, according to the Manhattan Community Board, a decision is expected by December 1st, 2025. December, 2025. Next year. Yeah. It says this got a long way to go. Yep. Ultimately the gaming facility location board will need to consider the license. And a decision on licenses is expected by December 1st, 2025. The gaming commission is supposed to happen, or licensure is supposed to happen between by December 31st, 2025. Well, good luck to Jay-Z and 'em now. Absolutely. New York City needs that casino right there. 1515. Like New York City needs that energy. I'm a person who enjoys Broadway, so I still go to Broadway. But to have a casino there where you can have like date nights and events, that'd be fly.


Yeah, I'd be fire. Well, You know you don't gotta worry about the date nights, but everything else, Lauren, When that casino gets here, me and my fiance, we'll be there. Are you putting it in the air? Oh, It's happening. I like that. I like That. I've been telling y'all I like that. I'm, I'm You know. My me time is, I'm, I'm having a good time right now. I'm in a good place. Tell the universe what you said earlier because you said it off air. I'm A happy What's that? What's that? Somebody said I'm a very single person. And I said I am because people don't really be single and I'm happy And, I'm taking some time for me, but I ain't gonna be single forever. I don't wanna be. Well, I'm be honest with you, nobody said that either. I just wanted to say that. I just didn't want it to come from me. So, but put it out there. Put out, put out what you said. You put, you Are annoying as hell. You put it, I got faith in you. You put a time on it That next time I'm gonna hit him with the marker.


Nah, nah. That you gonna be, You gonna have a man action. You said after next year she said she, she wanted be done for her Birthday. Said so. No, I, no, No. That ain't gonna happen. No, that's, wait first I said birthday's coming up. Hold on, let me speak. Okay. I said maybe after my birthday, like around New Year's. But then I said I don't know because I wanted to go to Ghana. But then I said what if New Bay takes me to Ghana And that's where he's like, You know this money needs To go Ghana, If. you. You're Right You. know what I'm saying? So do you. So you gonna be single. So you're gonna be single for your birthday. She's used to it. She gonna be single for New year of Christmas. I dunno. Well see what God has planned for. So What do you do for Christmas and New Year? I be with my family You know what I really need. No match your pajamas.


I'm not wishing this on you. Maybe me and my mom can match pajamas and my brother and my grandmother, And I am a witch. So when I say this, it's probably gonna come true. Oh, We still have one more story. You really need to talk. I just need you to be single on Valentine's Day 2025. That's all I want. Just one time for the Content. That's It. That's it. Just one time. Oh, I just need Lauren la to still be single on Valentine's Day 2025. That's all I need. And I. I'm fine. I got faith in you. I'm good after that. You gonna be so tight when the studio is full of flower deliveries. Valentine's Day 2025. Yeah. That you already know what that means. She putting in our order herself right now. Need five dozen roses to be at Breakfast Club Studios and Valentine's Day. What's up? Love You sent yourself flowers before.


No, I've never done. I've never sent myself anything. You better learn to love yourself. Your first, last and best love is self love. Matter of fact, let me add only to that. Your first, last, best and only love is Self-Love Lauren LaRosa. You bought, You bought Flowers before. I just need Dent. Who? February 14th, 2025. You Talking to me that, by the way, I've never bought flowers or anything for myself. Why would I have to? I was in a relationship for like ever. Yeah. All right. The People's Choice mixes up Next. Get your requesting The. Breakfast Club. Oh, February 14th is a Friday. 2025. Please. God. Oh my God. I Vegas The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Like why we gonna come in here You are taking out The.


Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Vy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. Yes man. I want to thank Caleb Plant. Caleb Plant. I'm, I'm pronouncing his name right. Caleb. Caleb. Caleb Plant. Caleb Plant. Super middleweight champion for pulling up SLU my guy. Act from the Zone for pulling up as well. Salute Frank McCourt You. know what I'm saying? Make sure you go check out everything he's doing with Project Liberty. That's right. And him wanting to buy a TikTok. Maybe you can even invest in that. Who knows. That's right. And. I also want to tell everybody thank you to everybody who's been ordering my upcoming graphic novel. I have a graphic novel coming out.


Ill illuminati. Okay. The industry has its secrets and fame has a price. When a rising hip hop star dies under mysterious circumstances, her twin sister, a young woman with psychic abilities, journeys to the city of angels for answers and becomes enmeshed in a dark conspiracy that snakes its way through the pillars of power, fame, and pop culture. Okay? This may or may not be based on a true story, but you can go order it right now on Kickstarter. All you gotta do is type in I-L-L-U-M-I-N-A-T-I. Alright? Type in my name Charlemagne And I. Order you a copy of Illuminati. And we're gonna be at ComicCon too. We're gonna be at ComicCon in in October. I'm gonna be there on what date will I be at Comic Con?


I will be there Friday, October 18th, 3:45 PM in room one CO 3 3 45 to 4:45 PM We Got the positive note. And then Lauren doing some HBCU stuff. She'll break down for don't movies. The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club along the Rosa filling in for Jess. Yes sir. Now what you doing? Homecoming season HBCU. Homecoming season is here. So I am going to some schools Saturday, October 19th I'm going to be at Norfolk Homecoming. Norfolk State. Norfolk State Homecoming Up. 4, 7, 5, 7. Yeah. So I'll be a part of the turn up the yard event at the Truist tailgate arena. What the age is that? It's the Truist Stadium tailgate Arena be Oh, October 19th.


October 19th, okay. Yeah. Saturday, October 19th. But the biggest Delaware State University baby. Okay. Alumni homecoming. We always do the party every Friday. Kicking off the homecoming weekend in Wilmington, Delaware. I will be hosting the official alumni party kicking off the weekend at the Queen Theater in Wilmington, Delaware. You can get tickets via the link in my Instagram. My Instagram is Lauren, L-O-R-E-N. La Rosa. L-O-R-O-S-A. That's like the start of the week. I also have tickets to the Thursday night RB night. But Friday with me at the Queen Theater. Y'all already like we do this every year and we always get off, right? I cannot wait. Just paid Dates, right? Yeah. What? I'm just making sure.


Yeah, yeah. This homecoming season. Yeah, homecoming. North Carolina a t too. Oh shoot. That was the wrong school. I said Norfolk. I was, I meant to say North Carolina a t. I am gonna Norfolk though. You are doing Norfolk. Norfolk. You doing On, so the date you gave ain't Norfolk. 'cause North Carolina. That is Norfolk State Homecoming. Okay, Listen. Norfolk State Hampton Homecoming, Northfolk and sorry, North Carolina a TI confused the date. So October 19th, Saturday, October 19th I'll be a North Carolina a NTA part of Gho, which is the greatest homecoming of all time according to them. 'cause I will argue it's Dell State University. That's not true. I'll be Saturday, October 19th. Turn up the yard at the Truist Stadium, the tailgate arena. And then I'm gonna be heading to Norfolk as well. But we'll discuss Norfolk in a bit. 'cause we gotta get all that stuff together.


Will your hair be done? Will you still be minding my business? Homecoming Season, the bus downs Come out. You know how many people, but I just know how these people gonna talk. Homecoming Season, the bus downs come out. It's cool outside. You got your varsities on. Stop playing with me. No, I just don't want people running up on you. Stop playing with me because You know over the summer they run up on you and talk about your head unders not being shaved because of you. And so now they gonna be running up on you checking your hair. So you, because Of You know, because of you and Sheha. Who Is Shea's? A young lady. You don't even remember your accomplice. You don't even remember your accomplice. Okay? Just know everywhere I, we listen, me and my homegirls be pulling up. We are gonna have a great time. We are gonna be looking good. If, you want tickets to the Dell State? Anything that I am hosting, link in my bio at Lauren la L-O-R-E-N-L-O-R-O-S-A.


And I'll also be posted it on Facebook, Twitter, all that good stuff. I can't wait to see. So Luke HBCUs, I think I'm doing Bethune. I'll be at Howard, I'll be at North Carolina a and t. Yeah, I'll be at Hampton, I'll be at Central. So I'll be at all the HBCUs. I love to see y'all. This is my favorite part of the season where we can same, go to those campuses and and have a little fun. Same. And y'all can still add me to your calendars. HBCUs, if y'all still got some budget, hit me up. All right. Charlamagne. What? Why you looking at her like that? Man? What? I'm listening. I'm happy for you. Congratulations. I just want your hair to be right. That's all. That's all I want. That's all. I don't You know. I just don't want you out here and you on these campuses and people running up on you like yeah, You know Shea was right.


Don't run up on me. I'm no kick and say that. What's The positive though? All my friends can fight. Don't do that. The positive. I know they can fight. They ain't never done. They always ready to go. Yo. Remember most of your stress comes from the way you respond, not the way life is. Mm. Adjust your attitude and all that extra stress will be gone. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a a chilled diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go. It just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bowls.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who won October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere. Unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.