
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information,


Focus features, presents piece by piece, a first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artists. Pharrell Williams turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake. Jay-Z, Busta Rhymes, DAP Punk, and more piece by piece rated pg directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


What's up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go. It just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would be great. Check out bulls.com for more. Turn it up.


Music fans. This one's for you. Coke Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's. Giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar. 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan field music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Morning. Morning show for Live day DJ Envy. Better known as the People's Choice than slu to of my light-skinned brothers out there just hilarious. Just for The World wide mask. Just don't do no live. And Charlemagne the God it Everybody. Come to The, Breakfast Club. I call this the hot Seat Breakfast Club inside De on America's front porch. Don't Feel like my wrist cousins are never talked to me. For every time I go to The, Breakfast Club. I know. Going be like a good morning. I'm getting high. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is on maternity leave. What up Lauren LaRosa. Good morning, Charlemagne ne guy.


Peace To the planet. It is Thursday. Good morning. Yo, you What's happening? It Is Thursday. How you feeling out there? How you feeling, Lauren? I feel great. You still having that fight this morning? Oh yeah. I'm about to You know knuckle up in a second. That the Right here. Talk last. Kicking our Ass. Yes. I didn't even, I didn't even try to rush it today. I said 'em do it. Sitting right here. Y'all can see me when this one. This Is sad. I feel blessed and black and Holly favored this morning, man. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners here on The. Breakfast. Club. Happy Thursday. The one and all. Yes. I went to go see my, the good sister Stephanie Mills last night. I went to go to Hades Town on Broadway. Oh yeah. Oh, was it? How was that? Yeah. Oh, it was fantastic. She on, I think she's on it until the The 20th. Okay. Yeah. So If you, If, you If you here in New York City.


I know a lot of people like to come to New York City for the holidays. If you a Broadway person. Like I'm a Broadway person. I love a good stage play. Go check out Hades Town with Stephanie Mills. Okay. She, on that stage for so long, all I kept thinking about was like, man, she gonna need some Epsom salt with some warm water when this show is over. She said that though. She said standing up the whole damn time. Yeah. She Said her feet be hurting. She said Monday is her day off and she just relaxes, laying in bed and chill. Yeah, absolutely. Alright, well, got a big show for you today. Who We got today? Who? Who's on here? I don't know. 'cause usually they put it on the sheet right here. But there is no sheet This morning. I do know who's here. We have The mayor of Maryland. Well that's one person. Governor. Governor. Governor Westmore. Mayor, governor West. Mayor. Governor Westmore. He'll be joining us. Can't be the mayor of Maryland. Yeah. Governor of Westmore, the governor.


Governor Westmore. Governor Westmore will be Here and Stephanie Fer will be here. She has a book called, I think It's, Huh? No, it's Oc like a basketball player. Dunno how To say the last name is OC Stephanie Fer From One Church LA Yes. I that This is bad. That's not bad. You messing it up. We don't have, okay. I'm telling you what you listen for a second here. Look. Yes, pastor Stephanie Ogle will be here. She's got a new book out called The Power of Your Dreams. A Guide to Hearing and Understanding How God Speaks. Oh, I, okay. I right. I I don't know that pronunciation. That pronunciation is not easy. Yeah, It Stephanie Ogle That Efo. Well that's her middle name. The IKE part. Her last name is Okafor. Okay.


Oh, they should have put a little bit more space right there. Yes. What's on his paper? Okay. Stephanie Kofo will be here. Ocfo. Okay. She has a new book called The Power of Your Dreams. A Guide to Hearing and Understanding How God Speaks While You Sleep. There you go. It is a book about the power of your dreams. There you Go. Yes. Yeah. Alright, well let's get the show Crack. We got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us, so don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Law on the Rosa. Filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news. Alright, good morning Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. I wish it was a good morning. If. you You know you're in Florida, If, you are waking up this morning.


It is definitely a good morning in terms of that regards, but there is a lot of devastation that Milton has done in terms of this storm. Okay, so let's get into it. Hurricane Milton made landfall on Florida Central West Coast. As of category three storm in Siesta Key, one of Sarasota's Barrier Islands packing winds around 120 miles per hour. Multiple reports say Milton still could be the most destructive storm to hit Florida in a century. And residents are being told to expect a life threatening storm surge. Now, speaking from the White House President Biden said personnel and assets are on the ground in Florida and he's declared an emergency in the state. Let's hear from President Biden.


None will still carries incredible destructiveness can wipe out. Communities can cause loss of life. Storm surge is still expected to be up to 13 feet. We're gonna work with state officials to clear debris, restore power, and as do it as fast as possible, the Army Corps of Engineers will pump out water and decrease flooding. We've already directed the Department of Defense to be ready to provide active duty service members to support Florida. Yeah, so Biden went on to say that he will be in constant contact with local officials as the aftermath is underway. Meanwhile, vice President Kamala Harris, she joined FEMA officials yesterday before the storm made landfall.


And here's what she had to say in part Already, we have sent more than 1000 federal personnel to be on the ground in Florida to assist with what needs to happen in the state to prepare for this hurricane. And we will continue to scale up those efforts to the people of Florida, and in particular the people of the Tampa res region. So please listen to your local officials. They know what they're talking about. They know what they're doing in the hours and days ahead. President Biden And I and our administration will continue to do everything we can to protect the people who have been in the path of this storm. And once the storm has passed, we will be there to help folks recover and rebuild.


It's amazing because a lot of people actually hung up on the fact in that call that she appeared to be telling one of her staffers that she was on a live broadcast ahead of those comments. So first responders in Florida say they've been limited in performing rescues because of the intense winds from Hurricane Milton. Authorities are warning people in central Florida that even if they call 9 1 1, they will essentially be on their own until conditions are deemed safe for them to venture out. They say the, that call that includes calls from people who have lost touch with family members or who are anxious about property damage, those calls are not the immediate right now. It's the rescue search and rescue missions. Hurricane Milton of course, again late, made landfall last night as a category three storm before, before being downgraded to a cat one.


Unfortunately there is a loss of life in St. Lucie County Florida, whereas many as 17 tornadoes touched down ahead of Hurricane Milton making landfall. But we'll talk more about that in the seven o'clock hour. You guys have any thoughts on what's going on? Yeah, I mean it's just amazing to me how many people don't understand how natural disasters make people's already terrible situation worse. Like when you dealing with You know poor and disenfranchised individuals who live paycheck to paycheck and they have to deal with natural disasters. They don't have the money to evacuate, they don't have the money to rebuild You know after a storm hitch. This was, this is what the brother tone was saying when he called yesterday. When it comes to poor people in this country, years of societal neglect, You know from America, years of systemic oppression have these people in the situation that they simply You know can't win in.


And it's just amazing how many people don't realize, realize that. Yeah, it, it's, it's very sad. And and it's double with charlemagne's sand. A lot of people couldn't even prepare for the storm because they couldn't afford it. They couldn't afford to cover their windows. They couldn't afford to get some of the, the, the sand in the barricade can't afford to make sure water, they can't afford the plywood to make sure their stuff is safe. So a lot of people out, I spoke to my son out in Miami. Miami wasn't hit as hard as expected at eight o'clock he was FaceTiming me and it was still it. It hadn't even rained as of yet. And my family out in Tampa, they was just saying it was very nasty. They said they have no power. They said it was a lot of damage. They couldn't go outside to see exactly what the damage was. 'cause You know they didn't wanna go outside in the wind, but they'll know more this morning when that when the sun comes up.


So And, I, And I think people get upset at You know government, local and federal 'cause people just want to know how are you gonna help them rebuild You know when the storm is over, not just rebuilding You know the state but helping them rebuild personally. They going to need a hand up. Will that be provided? You can't get mad when, when people see the money that they have for war, when they see the money that they have for You know border issues, the migrants, they wanna make sure they're gonna get that kind of financial relief too. They see the billions being spent on other things. They want the same right here in this country. And I don't see the problem with that. I think Too, like I have family in Florida and they were saying like when I post reposted the video yesterday that we posted from Andrew Gil Gillum, they were saying that like it's for some people that are older, have older family, it's hard for them to understand how to get to that stuff.


Yes. How to, so like now How to fill out the paperwork. Yeah. Where, where to go to fill out the paperwork. Yeah. I had a lot of people hitting me yesterday like what are the websites like You know, they just didn't understand certain stuff. So, but That's why information is important. Yeah, that's right. Well that is front page news. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. We'll talk more on at 7:00 AM Everybody Else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo Sha Man. Envy. What up are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool.


We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get on the phone right now here. Tell you what, it's we lie. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Barry. What's going on everybody? What's up brother? Get it Off your chest. Peace King. Yo man, this is with all due respect man. But I listen to y'all every day. Char ain't everywhere That's pronounced with the SDR like Street and Stress. You pronounce it with it. SCR Heard that's Street and Scratch. Why you do that man? 'cause I'm from South Carolina. Yeah. Got Lisp. I ain't got that. Ain't got that Don't, that ain't got nothing to do with the Lisp just growing up. That's how we say Screech. Ree Strong. Okay. Alright. That's a little respect. Respect man. I just wanna say good morning everybody. I listen to the game man. Yes sir. I can't listen to y'all in the morning, but You know I do the podcast on the way home. You know. I do though, but good look, good looking man.


Y'all do a good job man. Everybody have a great day. Thank You. We are glad you listen to the podcast. And I. Want everybody to subscribe to the podcast The Breakfast Club podcast wherever you subscribe to podcast. Hello? Who's this? Just Mic us. What's up Micah, can you take us off Bluetooth or, or speaker, whatever you got us on, brother. Alright, here we go. How you Doing? I'm good brother. I can hear you much better. Get it off your chest. Yes. What's up Envy? How you doing brother? Uncle Charlamagne, how you doing? Lord? Yes, King. Hey, good morning. Good Morning. It's a blessing to be alive today. It's a blessed to be on Breakfast Club. Yes sir. I'm coming out. I'm calling from Columbus, Ohio. Okay. I wanted to piggyback off of yesterday. I just listened to an old boy from Tampa and he was very upset and it's been on my mind lately.


And I. Feel him. Yes sir. The immigrants come over here and get all this money. We been spending all these billions of dollars on war and we can't even take care of our own people in our country. That's a problem. Big problem. I mean, the funny part is And I, it is nothing new. Tupac told us a long time ago, they got money for war but can't feed de poor You. know what I mean? Hey, you Already know. That's Right. And I just wanted to spread some love this boy because You know somebody didn't wake up this morning and we gotta do a better job of loving our neighbors. That's right. Absolutely. And I'm gonna keep it short and I'm gonna keep it simple. Y'all have a wonderful day today and continue to say your prayers for those down south. And Imma I love y'all. I love you Too. King is this amazing to me.


How people really don't understand that. Like they don't realize, like when you're just watching and you see billions of dollars going to war, you see billions, billions of dollars going to things like the border and migrants. You're going to be upset about that if you're a poor and disenfranchised person here in America. That is just common sense. I don't know why people don't understand why folks be upset. It's clear. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The Breakfast, Club, man. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is best.


Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Hi, good Morning. This is Dne from Milwaukee. What's Up Dwayne? Get it off your chest, brother. Oh yeah. I just want to piggyback on what Charlamagne was saying earlier about pouring apart people depending on the government. I feel like we need to get back to two parent households, black men and women is specifically we need each other now more than ever. I agree. We all, yes. Yes sir. We, we always intuit with each other, but if quote unquote baby mamas and baby fathers can get back together, establish solid foundations that will make life a hell of a lot easier.


We can't do anything about natural disasters, but if we can get together and raise our families properly, we can do a lot more good than what's going on out here. And Rivy just shared something earlier this week about visiting a juvenile detention center in Chicago. These, these kids is 13, 14, 50 years old, catching bodies. They need their fathers man. And we gotta stop acting like women can do it by theirself. I love my strong black women, but these kids need their dads. You gotta get back to super household. All Right brother, thank you. I I I don't disagree with you at all. Hello. Who's this DJ Envy start, I mean to God.


Peace King. Good morning Lauren. You Are doing an amazing job. I love you on the show. Thank You. I wish there was a way that you and Jess can be on the show at the same time. We miss Jess. We waiting on Jess to come back. Lauren's doing a phenomenal job though. Yeah, Yeah. She is. Big up. Jess, we're waiting on, you could come back. I wanna say a special prayer to all the people in Florida. Just big up on yourself. Unstable. That's it. Big up on yourself. All right bro. No, not big up on yourself. Big up yourself. Big up yourself. Yeah. He changed his accent. A quick big Up on yourself. Need to learn Patois.


I know a little Patois. I can speak a little Patois there Knows. No Patois. Thank you sir. My patois better than Drake's You. know it's not. Get it off your chest. 805 E 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. You can hit us up now. We got just with the mess with long Rosa. So come up. Mag Juan. Yes, Lauren? Yes. Speaking of Drake, j Cole is addressing the Kendrick Lamar Drake situation. So we're gonna get on into it. All Right, we next. Let's getting lyrics at its finest beige bars. Shut up man. Okay, We'll get to it next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's TJNV Jess. Hilarious. Shamine the guy. We are the Breakfast Club. Good morning. What are you left for that? This is a funny song. Let's get to Jess.


The Mess with Lauren LaRosa Music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't nobody World. Why Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. The coaches Lauren. Lauren And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Alright. Right. So j Cole dropped new music via his Instagram. It's a song called Port Antonio, A five minute track. And this track addresses him deciding to back out of the beef with the Kendrick Lamar Drake stuff after he apologized. Who the hell is Antonio? I, I don't know.


Poor Antonio. Port, port Port. Oh, port Port. Oh, okay. Port like you, you transfer over. We're not in politics anymore. You've been saying porn dis Antonio. Port Port like Taylor's port. Got you. Okay. Okay. Port Antonio. So let's take a listen to the first part of this song where he directly addresses the Kendrick Lamar and Drake Beef. I pulled the plug because I seen where that was about to go. They wanted blood. They wanted clicks to make they pockets grow. They see this fire in my PenFed and think I'm dodging smoke. I wouldn't have lost a battled dog. I would've lost a bro. I would've gained a phone. And off of what? Just to attain some old props and strangers that no. Got a clue what I've been aiming for since the age of 14.


Jermaine is no king. If that means I gotta dig up dirt and pay the whole team of algorithm boxing. It's just asway the whole thing on social media competing for your favorable memes to be considered best. A living rest, the weight of both things. I understand the thirsty being first that made them both swing protecting legacies. So ly got crossed, perhaps regrettably, my friends went to war, walked away with all they blood on Me. Drop on a clue. Bonds with j Cole Light-skinned lyrics, page bars Very mature. He Was spitting. Cole can Rap. He can, I'm never mad at hearing Cole rap. I didn't like the line he said about paying the team of algorithm bot n words could have been just a generic line because that's what so many people are doing. But it also reinforces the narrative they was trying to put out there about Kendrick buying bots and You know, saying that's what he was using to push, push the, the his records.


Well I think they, they both said both sides Were using it. Yeah, I think you could use that on both sides because they both sides using it about Drake. They said about, they say bots, but they also say he like feeds like he has like academics and like people like that on You. But, but yeah, I saw more of that narrative towards Kendrick. Both. I saw him pushing that towards Kendrick way, way, way more. But also too, Cole said, I wouldn't have lost the battle. Yes, you would have. Okay. Anybody would've lost that battle against Kung fu Kenny. He Would've hung though. No, He wouldn't have. I think he Would've would. I think he would've hung in You know. I didn't say win, but he would've hung in there bit. Man. I mean Drake hung in there for a little bit too, but he still got his ass kicked. Yeah, Drake did. Who Would've hung better though? Drake or j Cole? Pause. Okay. Oh God. Pause. Oh, pause, pause, pause. Whoa. Okay.


Alright. By the way, I, I'll always say Drake did nothing wrong in the battle except for the Har part six. That was the only misstep other than that the music was up to par. But Kung fu Kenny was just on another level. Kung fu Kenny was on another level. It was, it was his moment. Like true. Sometimes you just can't take somebody's moment. Nothing you could do. It was, it was his moment. I would've loved to see j Cole battling because people had been talking about that top three for the longest time. And that was the time to show his lyrical. But I guess he felt differently. And that's, that's Why called that record victory three. It is just big big k dot. Okay. That has been established. Well, all right, Drake put up 30, but Kendrick dropped 81, 1 15 You know 81 drop that 81 23 assists. 26 rebounds. 22 steals.


Okay. 19 blocks. Well, there's a second part of the song where he, he, he's kind of like giving Drake like some motivational talk. Let's take listen to that. Let's trip me up my spot and now I'm finally free hooking up. Let's say I'm picking size. Don't you lie on me, my to start another war. Hey Drake, you'll always be my And I ain't ashamed to say you did a lot for me. My oh guard the narratives. Tapping back into your magic penance. What's a preparative? Reminding these folks why we do it. It's not for beefing, it's for speaking out, for pushing ourselves. Preaching the chart. That's so funny. Now this, because it sound like participation award, don't it? It just sound like You know a he means well though. It just sound like one light-skinned brother telling another light-skinned brother. Keep their head up.


I You know what I think about you remember that? That video of the two brothers on the basketball court when the brother got his head down. So he And other brother says, put the lift Your head up. That's all I'm called. Head up. Nah, I just think, I think, I think because of that relationship he says, I'm still your guy and f these people on, on these platforms. Please like Char, he saw Drake Get back to rapping. He saw he probably what it was. He Saw Drake introduce me myself. And I and Drake walked backstage like this. Come cool. Yo put his head up. No, stop it that that's the guy you, you saying stay in your lane bro. Jake, don't let these radio personalities and these people in these comments get you out your get you out your S Scope square. But do you Have, do you have to tell Drake that though, like Drake is still exactly why people act like Drake's still not Drake after this.


Like he's still Drake, he lost. But people Still need pep talk. They That listen, he still need bro's. Head is in the right place.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well thankfully at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multi multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hi, I'm ESI Cup. And. I have spent the last 20 plus years knee deep in politics in the news. I've covered some really tough subjects from war to genocide to six presidential elections. Way too much. Trump and You. know what? I need a break, like a mental health break from the news, from the triggering headlines. And I kind of suspect. Some of you listening out there might need a break too. So my new podcast is gonna be just that, a fun and loose space where I talk to my famous friends and people I admire about all the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. I did not really rebel in the sixties. I had no sex in the seventies. What I made no money in the eighties. So when True crime came along, I missed that trend too. So many great guests are joining me from Josh Menowitz to Larry Wilmore, to Molly Jung Fast to Josh Gadd. I'm so excited that you have this platform, And I am just like hoping that I don't destroy the platform in its earliest stages. Listen to Off the Cuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week starting Monday, October 7th, going daily through Friday, October 11th, throwing Yang And I Matt Rogers, our unveiling the iconic 400. Yes, these are the top 400 people in all of culture and we're unveiling all of them. Number 3, 72. 72, Nancy, Nancy Kerrigan. Why we will Never Really Know Why, why we have worked tirelessly on this list. I am Michael ba barro. That's really good. Once, once you hear I'm Michael. Michael Babar You know exactly who is talking and we really think it's gonna resonate Christian. She's not a Christian George. Happily flying a pride flag. Also, there might be a little bit of a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Hint, hint. Friday, listen Ila, coach us on Will Ferrell's big money players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged.


I'm nk and this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh look, If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Friends. Hey friends. I'm Jessica Capshaw and this is Camilla Luddington and we have a new podcast. Call it What it is. You may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did You know that we are actually besties in real life And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent I'm coming offers because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And Now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to call it what it is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You got people like Charlemagne that's gonna keep it. Ain't no charlamagne. When A person like Charlamagne is gonna take that little verse, he gonna put like a i i the stuff you gonna post online with that is just, this Ain't got nothing to do with me. Yeah. All I'm simply saying is Cole saw him. See Cole saw Drake saying, me myself, And I. And he's like, you're not by yourself. Okay. I am here with you, my biracial brother. Together we make one black man. It together we make. Man is crazy. It takes that is crazy. It takes a village on the record. It's crazy. Ute to jco. It does take a village of life. Your Brother Y's so mean. Well shout to To J Cole. Love an elevated way of thinking. Keep Spitting. I loved keep spitting. Pause. Yeah, he's keep going in bro. It was real Grown.


It was very grown. I Loved it. I would've love to see him in that battle. But I understand. Keep going. No, I would not love to see him in the battle. I wouldn't not be there because where he's at right now, mentally, I, that's fine. No, you need a bit of ah, That's fine. But Like Kendrick was like, ah, But when you claiming you the best in, in the, in the past raps, when you claiming you the best and you get tested, you gotta fight back. Biggie said it the best. Don't make moves If. you heart ain't in it. You know what I'm saying? And I. Think Cole did what was best. Pick him and his best. Yes. I said this when he made the move, he did what was best to protect his peace. I have no problem with that. I have And I think this record that he put out, poor Antonio. Is Antonio Drake's middle name or so too? Shut up. Port Antonio. Look at, see it's a, who's aub? It might be a location. Aubrey Antonio Graham.


No it's not. I don't Think so. That's it's a location. So it might've been like where he was when he recorded it or something. I don't know. I don't know that. So Don? No, don't. Is that in Texas? Is that in Texas? No, I think it's in Jamaica. I have to look it up. Yeah, it's a city in Jamaica. Alright, Well that is just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. All right, so are we getting the fall off? Is that like, is this like a, because You know what this record felt like. It felt like sage. It felt like, let me sage, let me clean the area. Lemme save The room. He been saved since he po apologized. That's just where he at right now. But, but, but to the people, the people gave Cole a lot of flack. You know for the move that he made apologizing. I thought it was a great move. But the people, he gave him a lot of flack. So I think that this is his way of putting a button on that so he can move on to more. Saved the call off.


Yeah. Now not the Fall off coming. Leave The sage. He gonna Crystals. All right. Milad is Jess with the mess with law and la So we got anything light-skinned you can play right now. Anything. Light skin is crazy. Anything Light-skinned is insanity. We got you. We don't gotta play no music. Yeah, we That's right. You are enough. You can't do that and then go, you can't enough. You can't play that. And yes you can. And if the Kendrick record was scheduled, you play a Kendrick record what's go. Okay. That is it. Definitely. Go Gorilla. Go Gorilla Lee. Them light skinned. That's right. Let's go. Real black. Gorilla is very black. I hear the ancestors. When Gorilla Rap, it's the front Page. Front page News is up next. It's the breakfast local morning You're checking out The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. Its djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess.


Let's getting some front page news now. Some quick sports. The Yankees beat the Royals last night. They lead the series two one. The Dodgers beat the Padres. They tied the series two, two, the Mets move on. They beat the Phillies four to one. Congratulations to the Mets. And the Tigers are still leading the series two To one. So where did the Mets go now? I don't watch big four. It was better when everybody was on steroids. So where did they go? So they're not going to The World series, right? Not yet. They got one more game before The World. So The semifinal series Before The World series. Yeah. Tonight the Minnesota links also take on the New York Liberty in game one. That happens at eight. And then Thursday night Football, The 49 ERs take on the Seattle Seahawks at eight 15. What's up Morgan?


What's up is we are still following the aftermath of Hurricane Milton after it made landfall as a category three storm before being downgraded overnight to a cat one. Now St. Lucie County out of Florida officials say that at least two people have died from Hurricane Milton. After tornadoes hit the area, sheriff Keith Pearson confirmed that there have been multiple fatalities at a senior living community in Fort Pierce. About two hours southeast of Orlando. Again, 17 tornadoes have estimated 17 tornadoes steps down. Let's dang. Yeah, let's hear more from St. Lucie Sheriff Keith Pearson. We've Got reports of 17 confirmed tornadoes that just destroyed our community.


Now there's been over a hundred residences that are completely destroyed. And we have, we don't even have the hurricane here yet with the sustained winds. So right now we're focusing in a mo in, in, in a 55 and older community that's fairly consistent of modular homes that, I mean, you wouldn't even recognize it right now. We're in 100% rescue mode. Our deputies are out there going through this neighborhood that was just devastated by these multiple tornadoes that touched down in such a short period of Time. So meanwhile, Tampa Bay residents, you mentioned this earlier, envy about Tampa, Tampa Bay residents. They will get a look this morning as the sun rises the damage of h Hurricane Milton, that hurricane Milton caused after making landfall, they'll likely see a lot of water damage.


The storm dumped over a foot of rain in parts of the area overnight. Some neighborhoods are flooded. The wind was so strong that part of the roof at the Tropicana Field Stadium, the home of baseball's, Tampa Bay Rays in St. Petersburg that came off also in St. Pete. Construction Crane crashed onto a building downtown. Now no injuries were reported in that incident, but millions of customers across the state do remain without power. As of right now, national Hurricane Center director Michael Brennan, he is sharing some tips for those impacted by Hurricane Milton. Let's hear from National Hurricane Center Director Michael Brennan. So we wanna talk about widespread power outages. How do you keep yourself safe?


You want to use flashlights and not candles. You wanna practice portable generator safety. We lose a lot of people to carbon monoxide poisoning from improper generator use. And you wanna be careful with any food and water left in your home without refrigeration. Again, make sure that it's safe to eat. Be careful after the storm cleaning up. Don't overexert yourself. We have a lot of people succumb to cardiac arrest, heart attacks, other medical issues after the storm. And be careful with the cleanup equipment, chainsaws. And also you have to be careful in the heat, post storm heat. It's still gonna be Florida. Yeah. So this comes as President Biden is actually slamming former President Trump for the recent comments that he's made about the storms, the aftermath and the resources going out in regards to that.


Now Biden has called Trump's comments, reckless, irresponsible, relentless. And he went on to say, quite frankly, these lies are un-American. Adding that former President Trump has led this onslaught of lies. Now this comes after Trump has accused relief efforts to going towards migrants as opposed to those relief efforts going towards the residents of Florida. Sheesh. It's just sad to hear those. Like you said, these continue to see that this is a, a politicized event or it's always gonna be a politicized event. But switching gears to the political spectrum, Republicans are going after Vice President Kamala Harris for saying she'd do nothing differently from President Biden.


Now she made these comments while speaking on the view earlier this week. The VP was asked what she would have done differently from Biden over the past four years. And this is what she had to say. There is don a thing that comes to mind in terms of, and I've been a part of, of, of most of the decisions that have had impact. So the Trump Vance campaign immediately pounced on the response with JD Vance posting Kamala Harris is more of the same, adding, she admits it herself. The Harris campaign earlier said the candidate would highlight some differences she had with Biden. Any thoughts on that? Yeah, she definitely needs to highlight differences, especially being that President Biden is, is not a popular president to the American.


People. Like You know President Biden has some good things that he's done You know while he's been in the White House the past almost four years. But he's not a popular president. So just, just from a campaign strategy, you should say, oh, we definitely have a lot of differences. And, and just maybe leave it at that and say, Hey, I'll, I'll, I'll explain later. But yes, there's a lot of things that I would definitely do different. But I am proud of the good things that we have done. Like leave it at that. Right. But don't, just don't say there's, you don't think of nothing you would change. I Guess he didn't want to issue on him You. know what I mean? But I I'm with you. A lot of people are not happy with Biden. So the fact that you're saying that I wouldn't change anything and the fact that people are not necessarily happy about that makes it sound a little crazy.


I know our Politicians have to be so scary. I don't either. Like it's nothing wrong with her distancing herself. And I don't know why. Like, it's like she's afraid. Especially 'cause he's outta here too. Yeah. It's like she's afraid to, at first people were saying that it was gonna be a bad look if she did because it was gonna look like she wasn't loyal to the party. But now it's like we're all here telling the truth. So, right. I mean, maybe she's still You know she's still doing the job. She's got double duty like you guys said yesterday, but Yeah, but You, but you can say that You know he did some good things, but also say that we have a lot of differences. Like, I mean, when you got a approval rating as like, as low as Joe Biden, there's nothing wrong with saying Yeah, I got some differences with this guy. Yeah. Just, just from a campaign strategy. No. Yeah, you, you right about that.


Speaking of campaign strategies, former President Trump, he is headed to New York. He's planning a major rally at Madison Square Garden later this month. It's set for October 27th, just nine days before election day. That's according to the New York Post, which broke the story. Now the newspaper says it'll be first come, first serve event. If, you want to go? The garden can seat up to 19,500 people in the main arena. And Trump expects to fill those seats saying he'll honor police, firefighters and teachers. Trump who's 78, believes he's got a real shot at turning New York Red. So to your point yesterday about New York being a blue state, well, Trump is up for the challenge. Charlemagne, and That's your, well, I think he's doing that just for the, the spectacle of it all.


Like You know, New York is the, the number one media capital. So you do an event at Madison Square Garden, you gonna suck the air outta all the headlines. Especially with You. know the VP having a great, you see that had a great press run this week. I don't care what nobody say. And being that she's had a great press run, You know she's got a lot of headlines. So he gotta do something to suck the outta of the headlines. 'cause the more she continues to do press the more headlines she's going get. And she kind of boxes You know him and Vance out. So I think he's just doing this for the spectacle of it all. Who y'all Think he gonna bring out At the garden? I have no idea. And for anything on October 27th, mark your calendar to make sure that you stay clear of that area for traffic purposes. And that's your front page news. ONM Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, make sure you're following at Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. Thank you guys. Talk to y'all tomorrow. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, the governor of Maryland, governor Westmore will be joining us. We'll talk to him next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we had our system. Miss Angela ride with us this morning. Hey. Hey. And we got a special guest in the building. We have the Governor of Maryland. Ladies and gentlemen, governor Westmore. Welcome brother. It's good. Be back. It's gonna be back. Good to see y'all. How you feeling? I'm blessed. I'm good. I'm feeling feeling feeling really good. We're we're almost there. We got 26 days in the wake up to, to go do something special.


How you feeling? How you feeling about the, the chances of Madame Vice President? Listen, I I think this race is gonna be close. I think that this race is always gonna be close. This race is gonna be close up until election day. I think this is a turnout game. And, and that's why I I think that this isn't about are we swaying people one way or another? It's, are we motivating people to come out in the first place? And you're not finding a team that's working harder right now, both amongst the vice president who has just been, I mean, I think she's just run a fantastic campaign and she's the right candidate. But in addition to that, you have a whole army of surrogates who are out here every single day in all the battleground states, speaking to our constituents and, and our jurisdictions and, and letting people know what's at stake and, and, and what we can actually get done if we actually get out there and make our voices hurt.


You feel like the surrogates got activated too late for the Democratic party? 'cause even when President Biden was running, I was saying that yo, he should be leaning on people like you leaning on governor Gretchen whi leaning on Governor Shapiro, leaning on the VP at the time. Do you feel like the surrogates got activated too late? And if so, why did y'all choose to fall back? You know, I I don't, I don't know if it was activated too late because I mean, You know when I think about myself and, and, and Gretchen and Josh and countless others, You know we've been out there and fighting and advocating at that time for, for President Biden. But then You know we're, we're grateful. We have such an that he has such an extraordinary vice president and we're gonna have such an extraordinary president come January. And, and Vice President Kamala Harris also, I think we have to remember and consistently give grace to the vice president.


I mean, she's had a presidential campaign, what, for 10 weeks? Yeah, in 10 weeks she stood up a, an entire new campaign. She was able to get all of the delegates and all the delegates she needed. They ran a very successful convention. She had a very successful rollout of a vice president. She's gone through not just her demolishing her debate with, with Trump, but then also also Governor Waltz's. And that's been 10 weeks. So I do think we have to give a little bit of grace to what has actually happened in just a pretty short period of time. I was gonna ask, what do you, what do you think they need to do more of? Right? You know, we talked about of course, the media bliss that they've been doing this week, talking to more and more people Yeah. Or You know, we felt for a long time that they didn't and we seen Trump and, and and JD out there like crazy.


So what do you think they need to do more to connect to those people that might be still on the fence of which way they want to go? Well, I think they need to keep doing what they're doing, which is going on speaking directly to people You know And I hear people say, well, they need to do more sit down interviews. They need to go on meet the press. They need to do this respectfully. I mean, I don't know if that's gonna move an election. Go to the people because the people are gonna be the ones to help to determine how this election goes and, and how people are and how people are going to see and receive And I think the other big thing that we've gotta do is I understand that You know she's running against someone who is historically and uniquely unqualified and prepared for this role. And let's just take the past 72 hours, right? The past seven, two hours.


We just got reports that he was deciding how much aid to give California during wildfires based on their voting districts. Right? In the past seven, two hours, we had him say, literally say that Vice President Kamala Harris was born mentally impaired. Right? In the past seven, two hours, we have seen how the signature injury of Iraq and Afghanistan, and I'm, I'm, and I'm a very proud veteran of the Afghanistan war and the signature injury, over 500,000 people who have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injuries. Right? The signature injury. We heard the former president of the United States say it's nothing more than headaches. Mm. Right? So I I mean you ain't even mention the Putin stuff and not even mention the fact that, that he's, he's got this consistent thing going on with Putin.


So my, my thing is, I don't think we need to spend a whole lot more time talking about the dangers Donald Trump, frankly, he tells on himself every single day. I think we got just continually push and articulate the vision for the vice president, which is actually a vision, not just that brings us together, but is detailed You know when we're talking about things like a a $6,000 child tax credit that could be the most aggressive push that we can make on a federal level to end child poverty that we have seen in this country once she's talking about things like an increasing capital and liquidity to our small businesses and to our minority owned businesses. Making sure that that going from an idea into a large concept and something that you're hiring, hiring You know tens and thousands of people can be real for all communities and not just some these are detailed plans that she's laying out her housing package about how to focus on transit oriented development and how to focus on density bonuses and increasing inventory and turning renters into homeowners.


Like these are detailed, these aren't concepts of a plan. These are Detailed plans. And so as long as she continues to do that, and for all of us, I mean, 'cause all of us as our surrogates, we will continue pushing that message as well. And I think that's gonna be the message that is gonna win the day and not so much focusing on You know the dangers of Trump. I think people get That. Let me ask you one more question. You know a lot of people out there feel like both sides just don't really care that it's all a political game, right? Yeah. I don't know. Can you pull up that audio? A a gentleman call, this is the perfect way to to to say it. Can you play it? They playing in our faces, bro. You get Ukraines come over here, they get what they want. You get immigrants come over here, they get what they want and you got people being denied these FEMA applications that you talking about the other day, Charlemagne people being denied, bro.


Mm. But you getting these migrants coming over here, $10,000 food stamps, bro. $5,000 past stipend, man. Mm. This hurting bro. We wea we finna get ready to damn near die, bro. A lot of people couldn't afford to evacuate and it government planning, our man, it don't matter what they is, Democrat, republican, they all treason. Man. You Absolutely right my son. Now I can come back, man. He said you wish God could Come back. And that's the sentiment we've been hearing a lot from just, just opening up, up the phone lines and how people feel about government officials. So what do you say to those people that really feel like they have no hope where they're saying, I wish God had come back.


I mean, hey, here's listening to 'em because it's real. We can't forget, man. I mean, and when people talk about what's the frustration that people feel, I think for a lot of people it's not a frustration with vice President, not a frustration with a political party. It's the frustration with the pace of progress in this country. That's right. Period. It's just a frustration that it's like every few years we have these conversations and people do not feel that their lives are improving fast enough, particularly when they're look the lives of other people who are improving faster. And so, I I mean, when I hear that it's not just heartbreaking, but, but I'm listening to this brother.


I'm saying what he's saying is justified You know, obviously, I I don't come, I don't come from a political family. I don't come from a political background. The first elected officer I ever ran for was governor and And I. Literally, I, I was trying to convince members of my family to vote for me when I ran for governor. Like real talk. And, and it wasn't like I was trying to convince em to vote for me. I was trying to convince em to vote. Why didn't they believe in you? Funny, maybe that's another question. That's a whole nother question because I know you from being the CEO of the Robinhood Foundation, so you've always been in the public service space, so why didn't they believe in you? Because you've been doing the work. If anybody gonna harp on your pain, it going You know what I mean? And laugh at it and laugh at it. Just laugh at it.


He's like, tell me again now your family don't believe in you. Jesus, let's let's stop right there for a moment. Jesus. No, but it's like, I, I it's that I don't know if they believed in the American political system. Mm. Like can you actually make a difference? I got you. Yeah. In that seat You know, it is important to remember, even for those who feel like, well, who's sitting in these seats doesn't matter to me and the political system doesn't involve me and I'm not engaged in it. I would just say never forget that everything about your life is a policy decision. You know what I mean? From, from the home you woke up in this morning to, for the way you are policed to every aspect of your life is a policy decision. Someone intentionally made a decision about you and the community you come up in.


So do not think for a second that this stuff doesn't matter. But I And I. But I will say to, to the people who are heartbreakingly struggling due to Helene, to the folks in Florida. So the folks who right now are saying, do we have a government that sees us and is mobilizing for us? I can tell you from personal firsthand experience, the answer is yes. And the person who we need sitting in that seat is Kamala Harris. All right. We got more with the governor of Maryland. Wes more with us when we come back. Don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's djj. nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And of course we got our sister Angela Ride with us. We're still kicking in with the governor of Maryland.


Governor Westmore, Charlemagne. Can Can we go back to the pre governor Westmore? Yeah. You know, because You know you said you never ran for any office. Right. And I knew you from being the CEO of the Robinhood Foundation last time I was here. That's right. So what made you want to run for governor and what made you feel qualified to run for government qualified You know, it's funny because I remember when when I got in the race, there were three statewide elected officials, two cabinet secretaries, one person that was on my board, which made board meetings very awkward. And I. Remember that was the argument they kept on throwing at me about You know. Well You know He How's he qualified?


And I said, lemme explain something. And I said,


Hi, I'm Sy Cup And. I have spent the last 20 plus years knee deep in politics in the news. I've covered some really tough subjects from war to genocide to six presidential elections. Way too much. Trump and You. know what? I need a break, like a mental health break from the news, from the triggering headlines. And I kind of suspect. Some of you listening out there might need a break too. So my new podcast is gonna be just that, a fun and loose space where I talk to my famous friends and people I admire about all the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. I did not really rebel in the sixties. I had no sex in the seventies. What? I made no money in the eighties. So when True Crime came along, I missed that trend too. So many great guests are joining me from Josh Menowitz to Larry Wilmore, to Molly Jung. Fast to Josh Gad. I'm so excited that you have this platform, And I am just like hoping that I don't destroy the platform in its earliest stages. Listen to Off the Cuff, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week, starting Monday, October 7th, going daily through Friday, October 11th. Bo and Yang And I, Matt Rogers are unveiling the iconic 400. Yes, these are the top 400 people in all of culture and we're unveiling all of them. Number 3, 72. 72, Nancy, Nancy Kerrigan. Why we will never really know Why we have worked tirelessly on this list. I am Michael Babar. That's really good. Once, once you hear I am Michael Babar You know exactly who is talking and we really think it's gonna resonate Christian. She's not Christian. Happily flying a pride flag. Also, there might be a little bit of a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Hint, hint Friday, listen to Lost Culture East. Thus on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts, I felt too seen Dragged.


I'm nk and this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they Would call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, Look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm Jessica Capshaw and this is Camilla Luddington and we have a new podcast. Call it What it Is. You may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did You know that we are actually besties in real life And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent I'm coming offers because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And Now here we are opening up the friendship circle To you. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While We may be unlicensed to advise, Hmm, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to call it What it is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay? Okay, here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I Don't know. Okay. I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout method and we're living on the edge. Oh my God, I was not expecting That Baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on tell Me something messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm a kid who You know watch my father die in front of me when I was three years old because he didn't get the healthcare he needed. I'm a person who had handcuffs in my wrists when I was 11 because I came up in communities that were overpoliced and we knew it that my mother did not get her first job that gave her benefits until I was 14. And by the way, this is a woman who went on an earning master's degree. So any conversations about inequitable pay between men and women or the racial wealth gap is like, I don't need a white paper to explain that. Then I'm a person who joined the army when I was 17 that I led soldiers in combat that I You know. I worked in finance, I ran my own business, sold that business. I then turned around and was CEO of one of the largest poverty fighting organizations in this country. And my argument to them was, I am never in a model belonging and, and let's be clear, I'll put my qualifications against any of them.


And we ended up winning with more individual votes than anyone who'd ever run for governor in the history of the state of Maryland. And I. I think about the thing that really motivated me, and it's funny 'cause we talked a little bit about it last time I was here, where who sits in these seats? It does matter. And what they prioritize does matter. One of the issues that I will never, I will never lose an importance of is I do not understand why in this country we allow child poverty. I don't get how we're allowing the destiny of our children to be determined before they even have a say. And so child poverty starts with adults being poor, right? Well, that's exactly right. Yeah. And we can get an nap. Okay. But, but, and so, so I said, and when I was even working over at Robinhood, I was like, okay, we're gonna focus on the issue of the child tax credit.


And the big reason, because I thought about over 30 years of philanthropy that Robinhood has done remarkable work that Robinhood has done, that an adjustment on the child tax credit could literally sixfold every and we're talking billions that Robinhood has, has done in its history an adjustment on the child tax credit, making it fully refundable, paying it out monthly would actually have more of an impact on child poverty by sixfold than what they've done over 30 years. The reason that we had in my state a eight to one racial wealth gap is not because one group is working eight times harder, it's because of the Homestead Act. And it's because unfair appraisal, unfair unfair appraisal values in historically red line neighborhoods. And it's because an unfair usage of the GI bill and it's because of racist procurement policies.


So if we understand that policies help to create these dynamics, it has to be policies that have to then unearth them. And so when I gave my first state of the state address You know, we spent probably a court that thing talking about child poverty and about how we were gonna make the most aggressive and bipartisan push in our state's history to end child poverty. And that's exactly what we've done. And so the big reason why I decided to get into this is If, you aren't talking about policy on these issues, then you can do philanthropy all you want. You can do all that. So you're blue in the face. There is not enough philanthropy in The World to upend bad policies. And so policy makers have gotta get in the game.


And that's why I just said that I'm as qualified as any of them. You since writing the book, the other Wes Moore being a White House fellow, a Rhode Scholar, I think folks have always asked you about your political ambitions being on the short list as a VP contender. Do you have aspirations to at some point run for president? No. I'm cut it out Wes. Yeah, I don't buy it either. I cut it out. And also why not like you? It seems that that's a better question. I mean, eight years from now, no, listen, And I know I'm, you probably didn't think you were gonna run for governor too. And that's and that's the point, right? So I, so I know. Listen, I'm, I, I'm, I'm 45. I mean, I'm one of the youngest governors in the country, right?


And, I love the work that we're doing in Maryland. Maryland's just moving faster than everybody in the country. If, you look at everything we are doing from advancing economic opportunities to creating pathways for work wages and wealth to removing the barriers that exist for people to go into a workforce. The work we've done around criminal justice reform, I mean, I'm really proud of the work that Maryland's doing. I, I think, But, but, but asking you If you have aspirations at some point to run for president. Isn't poo-pooing your work in Maryland? Yeah. It's saying if you're If you have the approval rating you have right now, which is high. Yeah. You've garnered the most amount of support than any other governor who's ever ran Yeah. In your gubernatorial race. Why not to Lauren's question now. Well, I I think so. I, I think for me it's, it's really twofold.


One is my exclusive focus is on making sure that Kamala Harris is the next president of the United States. I, I can't stress enough how important this is to my state, to my community, that she is the person who becomes the next president In 2024. But we're saying at some point if we, if we know that if she does not win, there won't be another election she needs to win, which is what he, She needs to Win. No. Right. I'm saying if we know from the statements of the former president Yeah. That if he wins, there will not be another election That is a quote. Yeah. So we know the importance of her winning. We're not I'm not saying that. I'm just saying why not? Yeah. Lauren said, why Not? Well, You know and And I think, I think for, for me, And I don't, I don't have an answer and honestly, because I just haven't put enough thought into it.


Yep. So for example, Elijah Cummings was like my guy when a mentor of mine, congressman from from Baltimore, And I, remember after he passed, there were people who came up to me and were like, listen, You know what do you think about running for Elijah Seat? He was a mentor of mine. And I didn't do it because it's not that I don't love Elijah, and it's not that I don't wanna make sure that his legacy is not honored. It just wasn't speaking to me. Yeah. But when I decided I was running for governor, you couldn't have convinced me not to run. When they were like, this person's thinking about getting in and this person's the former head of the DNC and this person, I said, good. I look forward to seeing in the battle You. know what I mean? Because I, I knew that's what I wanted to do.


Yeah. And no one could have convinced me differently. So I'm very at peace with saying, if I'm not in it, I'm not in it. And I'm good with that. And I can tell you right now, that's why when I say my focus is really on making sure that Kamala Harris becomes the next president of the United States. Like, I mean that I believe you, but I'm gonna tell you something about 11 years ago, maybe longer. John Sykes. Yeah. When he introduced me, he said, he said, I want you to meet somebody. He said, I need you to connect with this brother named Wes Moore. He's going to be the next Barack Obama. That's how you were introduced to me 12 years ago. We, yeah. So people clearly see that it's Es it's because it feels like you really care about the people. And I Don't think it's 'cause you're black either.


Yeah. I think it's just you're caring And I'm not trying to be next to anybody. Let's be clear. You know. I knew that was crazy. I'm Not, but, But I think at that point, only having one people say based on what they know, like we know Kamala Harris also isn't gonna be the next Barack Obama. She's gonna be the first Kamala Harris. That's right. So yeah, I think we understand. We Is just like, I'm seat my cards right now, but When you won't run 84 years outta maybe, but right now I got another, You should say I'm not thinking about it right now. So they don't run this clip back. I literally say that. I gonna say, when you do You know they gonna, they gonna bring it up and be like, well you said You know and And I. I mean, what I say is like when, when, when I'm, when I'm locked into something, I'm locked in and I'm locked in into being the governor of the state of Maryland.


And I. I mean, I am, I look at what we are doing right now. This really is gonna be Maryland's decade. This is gonna be our time. 'cause it's gonna a time, we're just gonna lead with love and honesty and, and I'm really proud of the results we've gotten so far. And I think the people of Maryland are very happy with it. All right. We got more with the governor of Maryland. Wes more with us when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Law on OSA is filling in for Jess. And of course we got our sister Angela ride with us. We're still kicking in with the governor of Maryland. Governor Westmore Charlemagne, One thing you've done that's great. You pardoned 175,000 Maryland convictions related to the possession of weed. Yeah. Including convictions for misdemeanor possession of, of weed in certain convictions for misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia.


What what led you to do that? Shh. Well, I do not understand, there's a few things I just don't get. One is how, how cannabis is in the same classification level as heroin. Like that just makes absolutely no sense. And the other piece was as we were having this larger movement that was taking place around how people were just completely not acknowledging history and how cannabis was just consistently used as a cudgel, particularly in black communities. And so You know cannabis was actually on the ballot in the state of Maryland. In fact, You know. So I, I ended up getting You know more individual votes that year than anybody else. The only thing that beat me on the ballot that year was cannabis. Cannabis. One was 70% of the vote. Mm. So I'm like, yo, who is cannabis now?


He's so popular. He's a rapper. He's a Shame. Lenar brought up pardons, And I. I do wanna ask you, this one isn't in your purview per se, but there's a federal pardon that I think many of us are still seeking. And that's for Marilyn Mosby. Can you talk about the importance of Joe Biden pardoning her before his tenure is Up? So the thing that I would say about it is this. And again, it is, it, it's, it's both personal. So I try to separate myself from what the personal is. And I know that this is a, it's not a state decision. This is something that falls exclusively in the, in the hands of the, of the president of the United States. I just keep on thinking about these kids. I keep thinking about her, her and Nick's daughters.


I keep on thinking about the public servants that they had been. And these are two people who have devoted their lives to be able to support the people of, of, of Baltimore, her as a former state's attorney. Him as now the, the, the city council President And I, And I. Just hope as, as all these decisions are being made that compassion and grace is just not lost. So you feel Biden should give her a pardon? I i I can't tell the president of the United States what to do. Right. I just hope compassion and grace is never lost in this decision making process. Maryland voters just, I saw them approve of your performance in a recent poll. But they, they were split on the economy. Yeah. And it bugs me out. 'cause why, why is there a perception that Democrats are not good in regards to the economy when the US economy performs better under Democratic President?


I, I don't, I don't think we talk about it the right way, man. We really don't. And, and, and, and we, and we excuse it. We've made historic investments in childcare in our state, right? We made historic investments in apprenticeship and trade programs. We made historic investments in getting people back into the workforce. We've raised the minimum wage because I just believe deeply that gone should be the days when you have people who are working jobs and in some cases multiple jobs and still living at or below a poverty line. That we just passed the most aggressive housing package in any Maryland governor in recent history. And focusing on things like turning renters into homeowners, focusing on things like unfair appraisal values in historically red line neighborhoods being able to create capital and liquidity for, for first time home buyers, and particularly first time home buyers oftentimes, or, or home buyers of color inside of communities.


And what has happened is this unemployment rate has now dropped to historically low levels. We're now watching economic growth and we're watching green shoots of new industries that people are actually participating in. And You know what I'm doing. I'm talking about it. Mm. I'm talking about the fact that these policies matter. That us being able to create pathways to work and wages and wealth is actually the truest destination. And what we're talking about, what it means to have good policy, you've gotta actually talk about it. But if if you're not talking about it and you let other people define your narrative, then yeah, of course things are horrible and it's all the Democrat's fault, but we're just not gonna let that happen. Alright. And my last question, I saw you on Face the Nation And I.


I love what you said. You said that Democrats have to earn the black male vote. Yeah. What does earning that vote look like? It means going out and actually going to seek and speak to it. You know you're not gonna win this race by great commercials mean they're effective though if they're great. That's true. If they're great. But I mean, but, but that's, but eventually people are just gonna hear this stuff so much it's gonna get drowned out. That's right. And it's like I will hear a commercial that says one thing and then literally the next commercial says something. That's the absolute opposite. And so if I'm not a person who's really into this, what am I supposed to take away from that? That's not how you're gonna win this race. You know And I. Think about it. For our race, we did very, very well with young voters and black voters and all that kinda stuff when I ran for governor.


But it was because I was black. It's because we went and earned it. We actually went to communities and we talked about issues and we talked about issues that matter. And we talked about it in a real way. We talked about why You know when, when I'm speaking about wealth and wealth creation, do you have the ability to own more than you owe? Do you have the ability to, to, to pass something off to your children besides debt? That it's the basic asset that you can have something in your life that can give your family a little bit of wiggle room. And You know, when we talk about housing, I talk about the fact that You know I had some, y'all know I had some issues coming up and my mother was trying to send me to this military school, You know ever since I was like eight. And every year she threatened me.


And every year I couldn't go. And it wasn't because she's a woman who makes false threats. 'cause she does not make false threats. She couldn't afford it. And then finally, when I was 11 years old, sorry, after, after 11 and then 12, and then when I was 13, 14 years old, my mother was finally like, I can't do this And, I'm gonna send you to this military school. But do You know how she was able to do it? She started asking people inside of her church if they could help and people gave it a little bit where they could help, whatever like that. But she was still thousands of dollars short. My grandparents, my grandfather was the first one in my fam in my mom's side of the family, born in this country, born in South Carolina. And the Ku Klux Klan ran them out, moved back to Jamaica.


And much of my family said, we will never come back to this country. And much of my family is, not much of my name is still in Jamaica. That's why you said Ting earlier. Yes sir. Yes sir. Ting. And you caught yourself. You thought he was drinking. You thought he was drinking and driving. Okay. But he did come back. And as he always said, You know, I, I say You know he had a deep Jamaican accent his entire life. And I, think he's maybe the most patriotic American I've ever met. He loves this country, loves this country. My grandmother born in Cuba, raised in Jamaica, immigrated to this country. And when they came to this country, he was a minister. She was a school teacher. And they bought a little small home in the Bronx because that was their way of actually owning a piece of this country.


And when my mother needed help, they ended up taking money out of their home to then help to pay for that first year of school, which ended up changing the trajectory of my life. I bring that up. For this reason, we're just asking that we can just give people a little bit of hope and it's a little something to hold onto and be proud of. I think as we are talking about what does it mean to go earn the vote, you're not gonna earn the vote by slogans. You are gonna go earn the vote by looking people in the eye and saying not just why these policies are gonna be better and beneficial for you in your life, but it's gonna be really good to have a leader who actually sees you. It's gonna be really good to have a leader who actually believes in you, who's willing to fight for you.


Who when the doors are closed and the decisions are being made, that you can say, You know what she's thinking about me and my family when those doors are closed and the decisions that she makes are gonna be in the best interest of not only now, but the best interest of the future. And so I just think right now we got a moment where we got a whole lot of people who came before us who are looking at us and asking us, what are you gonna do? Are you gonna take this moment seriously or not? And I. Think we got a whole lot of people who are gonna come after us who are looking at us and saying, exhaust yourself because my future should matter to you that much. And that's why I think that we're gonna do what we gotta do because that's the assignment. Well, governor Westmore for president for 2032.


Ladies, governor Westmore, ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate you for joining us. I Appreciate y'all. Absolutely. And You know, anytime you're in town, pull up on us You know it. We don't like the Zoom stuff, so you gotta pull up on us in person. That's It. We understand you busy. So You know. Y'all should come. Y'all should come down to Annapolis. You come down to Maryland. We'd love to dance. Yeah. Are you related to Jess Jess's last name is Moore. Jess hilarious. No, no. I I I'm not but she's she's she's my cousin in my head. Okay. Okay. Did the crazy Cousin in your head? She's my crazy cousin in my head. And. I. Tell you what, Baltimore, we're proud of Jess. Yeah. We're proud of Jess. Baltimore. We love Jess. She'll be back soon. Yeah. Yeah. She refs us. She rests us. Well it's Governor West Moore. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real.


Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lie. She Don't nobody. Why Jess world on The. Breakfast. Club. She's the OSA back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk To me. Envy before I go to we, I'm gonna take y'all to court this hour, but before we go to court, If, you wanted something for the light-skinned brothers. Yes. Last shower. Shout to the light skinned brothers j Cole. I wanted to make you feel included. Steph Curry, myself, Chris Brown. Because you, you feel like people always, they question you don't think you're black. Right? He's not m Just, just charlamagne. Everybody know I'm black. Cole got one in the can for you too.


Did you hear this line? No. Let here if I could do It all over then I never was swap. I seen good, I seen bad had my melon melanin mocked. I seen lifelong friends turn to devilish accent. Woo. I like it. Have my melanin moped. I like that. I like that line. Mocked you. Was you feeling that My lack are our lack thereof? You had your lack of melanin mock Don't Mock my melanin. Yeah, you had your Me he your melanin, he mock your Beijing ain't let you rock Mock your melanin. There's a room at Diddy house for that You. know what I'm saying? On the door it says you can come in here and get your melanin mopped. Wow. Speaking of wow. Speaking of picture melanin mopped speaking. Speaking. Oh, Mocked. Oh, don't act like you don't know You know the You know That though. You're acting like You know. Exactly. You know the sign on that though. Speaking Diddy.


Right? We going back to some court stuff. So Diddy yesterday, his team filed a motion for evidentiary evidentiary hearing. So they're asking the court to have a, let's sit down and have a conversation about these unlawful leaks that are happening at the hands of homeland security. What they're specifically pointing at is that Cassie video that was broke by CNN the 2016 beating video. So they're saying that they believe for the last seven months the Homeland Security team has been on this campaign to undermine and smear Diddy because that makes the public sway in his opinion. Of course. And it makes the trial a lot more unfair to him. So they're like, listen, we want to, we want a gag order so that the government or nobody can like speak on certain things that happened within court that should be contained.


They want discovery to happen about the leak. So they want the court to go in and and find out where things came from. Like who gave that video to CNN, who's been providing statements to You, know other outlets that were harmful or could be deemed as harmful and unfair to the trial. And then once they do all that, they wanna have a conversation or a hearing about the leaks because they feel like whatever is found to be You know, like leaked or given out by the wrong parties or by Homeland Security should be suppressed. So basically what they're saying is they try and get that Cassie video. Not no way should this be something that is substantial or can be held against him in court, which to me they are too late on and it is not a good look because we've already seen it.


Yeah, We already seen you. He's already apologized For it. I don't know how they can do a a, a full if they go to trial a a full jury with not one person seeing that video. It's impossible. It was everywhere. It was on CNN, it was on the news. It was on late nights, it was on, it's on, it's been on social media, it's been everywhere. Yeah. I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I an attorney. But I, that don't sound like the greatest defense. Okay, because No, because first of all, it doesn't matter if the fans leaked the video. What matters is what you were on the video doing and what you were doing is putting hands on a woman. Okay? Number two, you lied and said you had never done any of those things and then we saw the video. So it's gonna be hard for him to get the benefit of the doubt on anything in regards to to to to Cassie. So a hundred percent Right. Unless, unless 'cause You know The last judge said part of the reason for not giving him a bail was because of that video.


But if they can't use that video then they can't say that's the reason why they're not giving him a bail. I think If, you remove that video, the prosecutor's gonna come with the witness tampering stuff that I'm sure they're gonna try and provide evidence with this time around. Once this is finally heard in court, that third bell, like whatever. So there's other stuff. But I will say maybe on like a technicality thing where they can, if they can prove that Homeland Security was really on this smear campaign, which You know is it violates his right, he might can figure out something because of


Hi, I'm ESY Cup. And I have spent the last 20 plus years knee deep in politics in the news. I've covered some really tough subjects from war to genocide to six presidential elections. Way too much. Trump and You know what? I need a break, like a mental health break from the news, from the triggering headlines. And I kind of suspect. Some of you listening out there might need a break too. So my new podcast is gonna be just that a fun and loose space where I talk to my famous friends and people I admire about all the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. I did not really rebel in the sixties. I had no sex in the seventies. What I made no money in the eighties. So when True crime came along, I missed that trend too. So many great guests are joining me from Josh Menowitz to Larry Wilmore, to Molly Jung Fast to Josh Gadd. I'm so excited that you have this platform, And I am just like hoping that I don't destroy the platform in its earliest stages. Listen to Off the Cuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week starting Monday, October 7th, going daily through Friday, October 11th. Bowen Yang, And I, Matt Rogers are unveiling the iconic 400. Yes, these are the top 400 people in all of culture and we're unveiling all of them. Number 3 7272, Nancy, Nancy Kerrigan. Why we will Never Really Know Why, why we have worked tirelessly on this list. I am Michael Bobro. That's really good. Once you hear I am Michael Babar You know exactly who is talking and we really think it's gonna resonate. Christian. She's not a Christian. Shout Happily flying a pride flag. Also, there might be a little bit of a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Hint, hint Friday, listen to Lost Cultures. Thus on Will Ferrell's big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I fell too. Scene dragged. I'm nk and this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh look, If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm Jessica Capshaw and this is Camilla Luddington and we have a new podcast. Call it What it Is. You may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did You know that we are actually besties in real life And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming over because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that in-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to call it what it is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black gay, non-binary author TV writer actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay? Okay, here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't know, I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout method and we're living on the edge. Oh my God, I was not expecting that baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on tell me something messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


That, but again, the jury is gonna be like, but at the same time, right? But is it a smear campaign? If the stuff I'm trying to smear you on is ab actually true? There aren't smear campaigns but you, but that's not what you lies. But that's not what you're being convicted of. That's not what you're being charged with. That's not what you're being indicted for. So shouldn't the lawyers be focusing on what he's actually indicted for instead of bringing attention to the video that we all saw? I mean that video's not showing on him putting hands on a One, the attention is there. That's why they trying to video not they're trying to get it out. They're trying to calm the attention down. I'm gonna Be honest with you, baby oil took the attention off that video. It's just true. I mean it's just be honest. Not totally that. No, no baby oil and the and the thought of gay sex really took a lot of attention off that video.


It did tell the truth. Nah, And I, yes it did. The fact fact still thick of that video and the fact he got arrested, like he got arrested for racketeering and all kind other stuff. It took a lot of attention off that video yesterday. I don't hear how slippery that Baby oil you'll get you. That video is still there and still absolutely top of mind. Absolutely. Now, oh, I I, well I wanna get to this before we have to wrap up. So remember you guys remember earlier this week I reported there there's like thousands and thousands of people calling this Diddy hotline. Yes. And you guys had asked me in the room like, we wanna know more about how they vet the people. And I was like, oh, I'll get that information for us. So I received the information. So I talked to attorney Tony Busby's office, And I asked him a few questions about how they vet that hotline. So they say they have a hundred people filled in the calls and of course not all calls are alleged victims.


Alleged victims they say are actually a small percentage of the calls. They get more calls from people just saying thank you for the work that they're doing. And a fraction of those calls are people who think they might have evidence or information that can help in the cases that they are gonna actually move forward with filing. When a victim is calling though first that victim is vetted at the call center by those a hundred people. Then once they make it past that, they're vetted by lawyers and different staff staff at their California co-counsel office. Then the last step, these victims are vetted by former police officers and then lawyers at the Busby Law Firm. Again. Now throughout this process, they're asking them You know for different things like corroboration, things for like dates, any witnesses to the stuff that these people are claiming, any evidence.


And obviously they know that like some of the people who are calling aren't gonna be serious and are gonna be fraudulent. And that happens. They say no matter what type of hotline or case like this, not just because it's Diddy. Like that will happen when you put out a hotline If if if it's gonna increase because it's Diddy. I'm sure they, I bet you they won't take the percentage of jokes on there. They say that it's not as many as we think. Yeah. Right. And they say that none of these people would ever get to a point where a, a case would be filed in court. And, I also ask them, how do you like make sure that if somebody calls and that person's a fraud and then they call back again with another name, how do you like sort through that? And they say you can't stop people from doing that, but all they do is just they, they take 'em back through the process to make sure everything is legitimate. And just because somebody's info is taken, that does not mean they're gonna move forward with filing anything in court.


They wanted to emphasize that. So, I mean, I answered y Allall questions call. They could still lie, they could still make up stories. They could still, and these people could have actual, like could have seen Diddy, they could have been at Diddy's party, but none of the things that alleged happened could have happened to them. Like the young lady that allegedly told her ex-boyfriend to lie for her. Things like that could happen. Right? I would love to know what the, the joke side of it looked like though. Like the voicemails. That's probably hilarious. But yeah. So that's it for this hour. Did that make y'all feel any more confident in that hotline? No. No. Nope. Alright, well that was just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Charlamagne. Yes. Who you giving that down? Oo. There's a young woman named Laura Lawson. She needs to come to the front of the congregation.


We would like to have a world with her. It's just another example of of of how this society does not care about what happens to men's IESs. Why you looking at me envy. We'll Disgust. I was looking at him. But all we'll get to it next. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, You're chicken out. The Breakfast Club. Don't be out here acting like A donkey tea high bitch tea high. It's time for donkey of the day. I'm a big boy. I can take it If. you feel I deserve it? Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say out his mouth. This guy say something you may not agree with doesn't mean I'm mean Who's getting that donkey? That Donkey that Don Don Donkey. Don Donkey donkey of the day right here. The. Breakfast Club bitches. You can call Me the donkey of the day, but like I mean no Harm.


Yes donkey. Today for Thursday, October 10th goes to a 36-year-old woman named Laura Lawson. Laura is from Pennsylvania, Adams County to be exact. And she's facing multiple felony charges after her alleged string of violence against a man. Can I be honest here? I don't like when people say, can I be honest? Because it feels like they were lying to you the whole time. But I just need to be more honest than usual. Society don't really care about women committing violence against grown ass men. It's not a thing. Let's stop lying to ourselves. Adult males in this country get laughed at when we get beat on by women. Beat up by women. You might get some sympathy if a woman shoots you, but you probably have to die. And even in death someone will be asking, well what did he do? Okay, women committing violence against men is treated like a complete and total standup comedy in this country.


Society has created a complete and total social injustice. Okay for male victims of domestic violence. Do You know male victims of domestic violence have reported barriers that prevent them from contacting law enforcement such as fear that law enforcement would not believe that they had been a victim of domestic violence. And men believe that their reports of domestic violence would not be taken seriously. Nasty out here for us. And I'm gonna tell you something else. Not only do people not take male victims of domestic violence serious, nobody takes us serious when our buttocks are involved. When you are a see You, know what I'm saying? You see, why does that listen, it's not funny rapper. Why? It's not funny when you are a grown ass man and someone has fondled your fanny in some type of way, nobody cares.


And Laura Lawson is out here tampering with Tisha. Let me explain. On October 2nd, charging documents state that officers responded to reports of a woman on the hood of a vehicle. That woman was Laura Lawson. She attempted to run away, police found her and when they found her she was wearing a hospital identification bracelet and EKG pads after jumping on the hood of the car of her victim. Now let's talk about this story. Reports say Lawson began hitting and spinning on the window before being shook off the vehicle by the driver. He must have started swerving like he was in a fast and furious movie. Get off my hood. How did this happen? Well, police documents say earlier that day inside a residence, Lawson requested that the victim key word victim come upstairs and reports say she then tackled this poor man, bit him on the nose.


And then police reports say Laura Lawson allegedly took down this man's sweatpants and bit him on the ass. Oh ow. And after she bit him on the ass, she said, I love the taste of your fill in the blank. What do you think she said? Envy. What do you think she said she loved the taste of ish. Lauren, what do you think she said? The taste of What do you think she said she loved the taste of crack. His blood. Oh, oh his blood. Now let me tell you something. I was a huge fan of the Suki Stackhouse books by Charlene Harris Dropping a clue bomb for Charlene Harris. And I was a huge fan of the TV show. True Blood based off those books, I do not recall ever, never ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever a vampire sucking blood through some man's funky vampires will bite your neck.


I think I recalled him biting wrists. But I never seen a vampire seek to get blood through anal memes. Now the victim told police that he then tried trust, tried to escape to the bedroom, where Lawson eventually found him and demanded that he bow to her. Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? And I was speaking on a man doing this to a woman. Everybody would be calling this man a monster. Rightfully so. But Lauren LaRosa laughed. Okay, see, see when it's a woman, people chuckle. Okay? When they, when they hear about her chewing on his cheeks, it's funny. Trying to get the blood from where he releases the brown. This woman Laura Lawson tried to get this man to bow and he refused to comply. So Laura then, according to court documents, mouthed him and hit him in the face multiple times, causing a busted lip and other injuries to his face.


Investigators state that out of fear of more violence, he complied to Laura Lawson and got on his hands and knees. And then Laura forced him uhoh to commit simulated sexual acts involving a water bottle. Oh, You know she was acting like that bottle of water was a penis and she probably made him suck it. Probably slapped it around his mouth. Stop that. Don't do that again. Do that again. Do it again. Why is this funny? It's not funny. I don't know why she laughing. Laura started with butt play. You don't think she ended with it? She took that water bottle, went back there and said H two and then he screamed out.


Oh, oh, oh my god. The victim of male, a grown ass man said that he was able to escape the room and attempted to leave the residence. She saw him trying to escape. So she grabbed his car keys, her three-year-old child and drove off. Laura, you doing all this with a child in the house? You evil ass Batman villain Police state that Lawson later returned to the residence in the vehicle with the child demanding that the victim get in the car with all his belongings. Once the victim put his laptop and personal belongings in the car, charging documents say that Lawson displayed her middle finger, flipped him off and drove away from the scene and hit a parked car in the process disabling the vehicle.


When Lawson returned to the scene, she saw the victim being driven by another individual and that's when she jumped on the hood of the car. Listen man, clearly Laura is dealing with mental health issues or she's just making moves based off of straight emotion. Either way, she has to deal with the consequences of her actions. So being that she's facing multiple charges and none of them are sex crimes bothers me, okay? She's facing multiple charges including felony robbery, aggravated assault, theft, and indecent assault. Is indecent assault a sex crime? Because it should be bke were bitten. Do you hear me out there? America Bke were bitten. Water bottles were used to simulate sex acts. If the bottles were Ciroc, would people take this more seriously?


Huh? If the man's bottom was breached by the bite of another man, would people take this one woman freak off? Seriously? I don't know. I don't want to talk. It is enough. You right Booy. I I've had enough too. Please let Remy ma give Laura Lawson the biggest heehaw. He Heehaw you. Stupid mother. Are you Dumb? Nobody take, nobody takes violence against men from women. Seriously. And nobody takes it seriously when our cheeks are involved. This woman says she wanted to, she liked to taste of his blood after biting his butt. So then she uses the water bottle to simulate sex acts. She was trying to get some blood from back there.


That's What she was trying to Do. Indecent assault is sexual assault that does not involve rape. All bki Mad. So water bottle ain't rape? Yes. Oh, I didn't write the definition. I just read it. You think it was funny? That's not funny. You ain't think when he did the slap face thing That was funny. That What was traumatizing. Don't nobody care. That was traumatizing. Man involved People slowmo that I, I really think that when people slowmo that you would find it fun. It was, It's like a fart for some reason. Anything that gotta do with a butt, you fart, you giggle. You see, you see what I'm saying? This is crazy. This is crazy. That poor man. Don't Worry when, when the men too movement start Now how big was she that did she could mount them and hold em down? Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter to you. See that's what, that's what they do to women.


What do you, what was she wearing? What does it matter? What does it matter What? Doesn't matter how big she was or how big he was. What does it matter? Nobody takes this serious. Why you pick up that water bottle after all that? Yeah, you ain't gotta put that water bottle to your mouth like that after that. Poor bro. You Should have thought that went through bro. Put that water bottle down. Slowly Slapped his face all with it. Like okay, alright. I don't like this room. We believed you. You didn't have to act it out too. I ain't laughed as much at you so loud. I don't like that. This one You wanna act out the whole thing, okay? Just ask him. Alright. What You about to act out? Thank you for that donkey today and suit to that poor brother out there.


Man. We with you brother. All, all hashtag all send Him some healing energy. All Donkeys matter man. Hashtag All right. Okay, when we come back Sag wood, are you all right? I am fine. Yeah. Pick up, don't pick up that water bottle for another hour, Okay? Okay. All right guys. Come on. Grow up. This is not funny. And It got that tip And that water bottle got the tip on it. We have a guest coming in next. Okay, everybody, everybody straighten up. The pastors coming in the Room. Yes. Pastor Stephanie EF four. Yes. She'll be joining us. Has the great new book out called The Power of Dreams. You need Pray over that Water. Make it holy water. Alright. It's The Breakfast Club I. Your dreams of God to hearing and understanding how God speaks while you sleep.


Okay. Somebody in this room needs Jesus. All right, we'll do it to, it's the Breakfast Morning The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren la Rosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. We have Pastor Stephanie, EK. Thank you. It how feeling good to be here. How you feeling? I feel good. Good. You got a new book out now? The Power of Your Dreams. Yeah. I love a good dream book. I'm the type of person that I keep dream books by my bedside. So when when I wake up I can look and see what certain things mean. Is that what got you into wanting to write this book? No. So I encountered God when I was nine years old and one of the ways that was so consistent was that he would speak to me through dreams.


Mm. And it's interesting when you talk about You know, using, like having books that tell you about symbols and things like that. Because I think one of the reasons why maybe sometimes people don't even understand the fullness of their dream is 'cause they pick it apart and the the whole dream is telling a message. So If, you only pick it apart. You may not understand the fullness of it, but dreams has been so consistent for me ever since nine years old. That is a great point. 'cause I never look at the whole totality of my dream. Yeah. I find like one thing that that stood out to me, It's like a WebMD of dreams. Yeah. When people like get books or go on Google and you're like, you only look at one thing. And that's one, one of the things I talk about in the book where you have to look at it like a whole story and to understanding each symbol, kind of like tell what is the dreams really saying.


Now you said you had an encounter with God at the age of nine. Yeah. What was that encounter? What did he say? What was that conversation? What what? Just enlighten us with what It was. Yeah. So my father was murdered when I was eight months old. Oh man. And so I grew up with like a lot of anger. And I was like, man, God, You know If, you didn't take my father. It was just another reason why I got angry again. But that day, literally like I remember being in my room, And, I could feel like a presence in my room. And. I go in my mom's room, she's, and she's up. So the moment I hop in her bed, she's out cold. Like not moving, not responding. And, I feel the same presence again in her room. And I was like, God, I'm like, if this is of you, cause wind to flow through my ankles out of nowhere, the windows are not open.


Nothing. There was like this wind that just flows through me because with my eyes closed I could see a man sitting. But his home makeup was like light. So then I removed like the covers of my eyes, And, I, see him with my eyes open, sitting there, he gets up, he walks over to my mom, And, I, start asking him questions. 'cause I thought it was God. And. I was like, where were you when my dad died? Dah, dah, dah. And he starts saying something. I had no clue what he was saying. He walks over to my mom, he opens her hand, he puts like this piece of paper in her hand, closes, it disappears. She wakes up that morning, her pastor calls her and he was like, Hey, I was in prayer. And, I just feel like to tell you that there was an angelic encounter in your home. But he didn't know to the degree of what he was even saying, And.


I was like, mom, I'm telling you this happened randomly. The document, we had been literally ripping the whole house apart for just shows up on the table. And then I'm like, wait, was that the document? Like, was that what they put an name? It symbolized, they put in their hand. And so I'm like, oh my gosh, I met God. And then I stood hearing the voice of God and it was like, dude, that was not me. That was an angel. What Did the Angel look like. Did it look like homie from the crossroads video touching people between eyes though? No. It was so he had like a, he had a human form, but the only difference, his whole makeup was light. That was, everything about him was like light radiating. So I couldn't even tell you what he, how to describe his features. 'cause it was just light.


I was gonna say like for you it was a lot more clear, but like some people think they, they're hearing things, but it might not be clear that it's God to them. Yeah. How do you coach people through being able to let that voice break breakthrough and understanding it is God? Yeah. I think one of the key things is found. There's the foundational element of it, right? You don't need to read a Bible for God to speak to you, but you need to have an understanding of his voice in the Bible so that you're not deceived by the voices you hear. Mm. And so when you have a good foundation of knowing the voice of God, even in his word, then when you begin to hear him or you see things in the book, one of the things I talk about even before I get into the subject of dreams, are the different ways we experience God's voice to the four primary ways.


Yeah. The four primary ways. So there's some people who, they're feelers, right? You know God has emotions. The Bible talks about so many types of emotions, peace, You, know love, anger, all these things. So there are people that you might walk into a room, there's a deal on the table for you. Everything checks off. But then you don't, you're not at peace with it. Something is like messing up with you. Like, I don't think this is for me, the problem is that if we don't have a God consciousness about life, we think it's us feeling that way. Yeah. But the Lord is trying to share his emotions with you. Like, Hey, I'm not in that You know it might look good on paper, but I'm not in that. So those are people that feel, there are people that know, there's some people that just have an instinctive knowing. And for many that is more heightened.


When you're a kid, there's a beauty with being a child. Your intelligence is not in the way. The older we get, our wisdom blocks us from discerning the voice of God because we're trying to You know outthink it, which we're, we're overthinking it rather like, where did this come from? Where did that come from? And then there's the heroes. There are people who You know audibly. It's more rare to hear the voice of God audibly now. But he also speaks in a form of thoughts. So there are this distinctive thoughts or series of thoughts that you would really like hear in your head. And it has nothing to do with how you would naturally think, how you would naturally like You know. Think about a matter the same way that anxiety has a voice. You know pain has a voice. The the Lord also speaks to you through your thoughts.


And then they're Sears. And that's where dreams come in. You know what? For me it's, I remember when my, my wife's father passed away. Right? And it was the weirdest thing. We had balloons downstairs. Yeah. And it was her birthday and my wife outta nowhere just started thinking about her dad. And I. Don't know if this was whatever it was. But out of nowhere, like midnight 1:00 AM the balloons that were in the kitchen actually blew up the stairs and came into the bedroom. Were helium balloons Had to leave that house. Were they helium Balloons? Yeah, they were helium balloons. Yeah. Of course they would rise. You would think they Lemme finish to right up the Stairs. Up the stairs. And Don't discount his experience with God. Speak to Benjamin too.


But it could have went to any one of the bedrooms in the house. It Could have went to, It went right to the bedroom. You know What? Why I No, I believe, I believe that was, I believe that was your, I believe that was a sign. I believe that was him. I really do. I'm not doing this sound. Was it helium? Yes. Duh. No, but it was at a outta my house, outta anywhere those balloons could have went. And the fact that she was talking about her dad and crying over him several hours earlier just made me feel like, damn, there are signs and there are angels. So what, how do you You know, I guess break down different dreams and what do the different dreams mean? Yeah. So in the book I talk about just different types of dreams because the key thing even before you get into that, is to know why we dream, right?


God. I mean, and there dreams can come from different places. A dream can come from you. A dream can come from God. A dream can come from You, know the enemy. But when it comes from God, God has a desire to,


Hi, I'm ESI Cup. And. I have spent the last 20 plus years knee deep in politics, in the news, I've covered some really tough subjects from war to genocide to six presidential elections. Way too much. Trump and You. know what? I need a break, like a mental health break from the news, from the triggering headlines. And I kind of suspect. Some of you listening out there might need a break too. So my new podcast is gonna be just that, a fun and loose space where I talk to my famous friends and people I admire about all the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. I did not really rebel in the sixties. I had no sex in the seventies. What? I made no money in the eighties. So when true crime came along, I missed that trend too. So many great guests are joining me from Josh Menowitz to Larry Wilmore, to Molly Jung Fast to Josh Gadd. I'm so excited that you have this platform, And I am just like hoping that I don't destroy the platform in its earliest stages. Listen to Off the Cuff, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week, starting Monday, October 7th, going daily through Friday, October 11th. Bo and Yang And I, Matt Rogers are unveiling the iconic 400. Yes, these are the top 400 people in all of culture and we're unveiling all of them. Number 3 70, 72, Nancy, Nancy Carrigan. And we will never really know why, why we have worked tirelessly on this list. I am Michael Babar. That's really good. Once, once you hear I am Michael, Michael Babar You know exactly who is talking and we really think it's gonna resonate Christian. She's not a Happily flying a pride flag. Also, there might be a little bit of a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Hint, hint, Friday, listen to Lost Coach. Thus on Will Ferrell's big money players network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged.


I'm nk. And this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talked to people about what happens from what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm Jessica Capshaw and this is Camilla Luddington. And we have a new podcast. Call it What it is. You may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did You know that we are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming over because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to call it what it is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay? Okay, here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't know. I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout message. We're living on the edge. Oh, oh my God, I was not expecting that baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on tell Me something messy with brand new episodes. Every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts,


Has a desire to speak to us more than we even desire to hear from him. Because regardless of where we find ourselves in life, regardless of how successful we perceive ourselves to be, regardless of all the things we have going on, we were, we are first His creation. And there's something there. Your life is not random. Your he desires to do life with you. He desires to partner with you. And so there are types of dreams, like especially when people see their You know loved ones who had passed on, those could be encouragement dreams. Now how the dream is presented matters. Because when someone passes away, they lose consciousness of the physical realm. But that does not mean that who they are, their essence is gone. Right? They're transitioning to a different life.


You know whether that's with the Lord or You know the opposite. Nobody wants that. But, but they're transitioning now to like an eternal life. You know in the spiritual realm, they're not fully just gone. You know who they are, the core of who they are, like their spirit man is still with him. I, we have more with Pastor Stephanie, er four. When we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. I'm young. Jess, hilarious Shela guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura Osa filling in for Jess. And we're still kicking it with Pastor Stephanie. Er four. Talk about If you If you feel comfortable about the time you went to the doctor and God told you something different than what your doctor told you. Oh, that that happened to me. You know. So when I was pregnant, I have a, I have a daughter.


When I was pregnant with my daughter, I started experiencing like a lot of pain. You know we go to the we our O-B-G-Y-N rather. And he's like trying to You know, even confirm the pregnancy. And he's like, man, I don't see a pregnancy here. I just see some things that does not look good. Like you need to go to the er. So we rushed to the er, they tell me that I have like these fibroids that have gone You know, gotten really big because of the pregnancy and the blood flow going like to the womb. So they You know we share the results with the doctor. And he literally calls me, he was like, because of the size of these fibroids, 'cause of the location of these fibroids, you need to terminate the pregnancy and you need to terminate this. Because he's, he would, from his analysis, the the baby won't have room to grow and the fibroids could cause.


And even if You know we take the baby to term, the bleeding is gonna be too excessive. And he called back to back, he was like, I'm telling you, you need to terminate this and try again. Let terminate it. Let's take the fibroids out and try again. And so I remember like I'm still in a lot of pain, And, I, just like I'm praying and calling out to God. And that night I have a dream and the Lord comes to me and says the two key things, he says, no harm is gonna come to your child. And he hands me a Bible. And when I woke up, I knew that the Bible was represented. Stand on my word. So then I started opening scriptures. I spoke about healing and I'm like, okay, God, no harm will come to her. And this is what your word says about healing.


And so I got another ob, GYN. 'cause I'm like, God has shown me like no harm is gonna come to this child. And the other ob, GYN, she was like, You know I'm gonna be optimistic, but I'm gonna tell you there is a scare and a concern. So we need to get a specialist, doctor You know, involved and we need to watch this carefully. All of a sudden everything that was a concern started being reversed. So initially they're like, we don't have the, you're gonna have room for this baby to grow. The doctor is like, oh, you got room for two You know. But the key thing is getting that word from God. And. I believe. That's why in the busyness of our lives, God still finds that place when we're sleeping to speak to us and show us. Like I know everything I've in your world is telling you this is not gonna work.


But I'm showing you that I'm with you. You talk about in the book about how the Bible and science talk about the benefits of good getting good sleep. Yeah. What, what, what? Break that down. I never heard that from the Bible perspective. Yeah, because biblically You know we are body, soul, and spirit. And, I think so many times, even in like Christianity, we only focus on like You know the things we gotta do, like the spirit realm, the soul realm. But there is like your body. And in order for you have to be a good steward over your body. You know you have to, there are things that even as believers, it is just as important in eat eating, well just as important as working out because the body is, the vehicle is the thing that carries your spirit, is the thing that embodies your soul.


So if your body's not healthy, that's not good stewardship. You know. So when you're able to get proper rest, and if there's such a connection between You know science and even You know our spirituality. Because from a scientific standpoint, when you don't have enough rest, you have brain fog that affects your ability to even remember your dreams. Because when you wake up and you come out of this place where you had an encounter or X, Y, and Z, your body needs to be healthy enough to process what was just deposited. And so if you're not getting enough rest, it's very similar to You. know a computer like If, you only allow your computer to die every single time. It causes memory loss over time.


Same thing. If. you only go to bed when you feel like shut down, like you're ex completely exhausted and you just crash. It's harder for you to remember your dreams because that also affects memory loss. You know when you're waking up from those moments. And so being a good steward is looking at every part. Even the Bible talks about you prospering, You know in all things, right? Not just in your spirit, but in your soul. In your body. So there's a scripture that talks about bring your whole body, your whole soul and your whole spirit blameless before God. So he's after everything that be a good steward because it all connects. This feel like the conversation with you about dreams in the, in the book feels like how people go and get like, can you read my palm?


And can you, but it's, I know it's different. And growing up in a church, my grandma, she don't play that. Like we're not allowed to do that type of stuff. Yeah. But then pastors will prophesize to you. Why? What is, why can we do one thing but not the other? That's a great question. So when you look at the spiritual realm, just like in life, right? There's good, there's evil, the spiritual realm, there's good, there's evil. So it's just like if you're praying, let's say you're praying for envy, right? And you're like, God, what are your thoughts about envy? And then the Holy Spirit might start showing you things about him. It's A rock baby oil Envy. That is not your portion. Show me, get it together. This is what I pray, I pray is what God shows.


This is not No, no, you gotta, You also gotta figure out like when somebody's being evil or they joking like, 'cause he would pray for her eyelashes, right? And it's to the point where it's, it's like just joke too much. No, there's no baby oil with me. Continue on being serious Snoop. None of that Too much. What's wrong With you? But the beauty is it's coming from God, right? And what comes from him, it's for your good. This is, and first of all, it is the source that you can trust, right? Because it's the source that created you. It's a source that knows your life. It is the source that is for you. When you go to someone reading your poems, a tarot card reader. A psychic, the source is demonic. Question You know when, when people do pray is some of the prayers frivolous.


And like for instance, like if somebody prays for their team, right? Not pray to be healthy or or to be safe during the game or pray, yeah, their team wins. Or Lauren prays for a man, or Charlemagne prays to be a little taller. I've never prayed for that ever. Like, Like how, how do, how do those type of prayers work when it comes to it? Is it one of those things where write it off? Or is it one of those things to to honestly to pray for things that, like I pray that the giants win next week is that's not a real prayer or is It? No, I think wherever God is so kind doesn't mean that just because you're like, man, I pray the giants win. And God is like, okay, the giants are gonna win. But as you grow in God, you start to understand that You know the power of prayer is when you pray in alignment with his will. But you have to first know his will.


So that takes maturity, right? But when you're still in that like You know stage of being like a baby, there are random things you could ask. And sometimes he will do some random things just to show you he hears you and he loves you. How can they follow you? Stephanie? No, I'm on Instagram. Stephanie. E-K-I-K-E. And then I have a YouTube channel. Stephanie, EK, Ko four. Yeah. TikTok. Stephanie k Qua four. Yeah. You preach at tour and Sarah Church, right? Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Yep. What's the name of that church? One church. One church. One church One In the name of the book and where people could get it. The Power. Power of Your Dreams. Of your dreams. And it's available everywhere. A guide to hearing and understanding how God speaks While You sleep. While you sleep for, Alright, well, before we get up outta here, let's, let's close on a prayer. Yes. Yes, yes.


Heavenly Father, we thank you for just everything you've done in this moment. Lord God, we thank you even in talking about this book because it's really not about just getting a book out, but it's really about getting people to be awakened to knowing that you speak and you desire to speak to them, whether there're awake or whether they're asleep. But even the power of their dreams. Many people are ignoring their dreams in this time. And there are words you're trying to alert them about. There are warnings you wanna make them aware of. There are ways you wanna prepare them. There are ways you wanna encourage them. And so, Lord, I just pray that you will continue to be glorified and in and through everything that we do. We love you Lord. We thank you in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Well, thank you very much.


Thank Pastor Stephanie. EK. Yes, All Come on. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good on. Thank you. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a salute. A couple people for joining us today. We gotta salute Pastor Stephanie Okafor for stopping through Salute to Miss Okafor. Man, make sure you pick up her new book, the Power of Dreams. Hold on. Yes. The Power of Dreams. A Guide to Hearing and Understanding How God Speaks While You Sleep. All right? Yes. And also, the Governor of Maryland, Westmore. Governor Westmore. A lot of people think he's gonna be the future president. I said during the interview a decade ago when I got introduced to him by my man, John Sykes. John Sykes said, he's gonna be the next Barack Obama.


That's what he said. Yep. So people saw that in him a long time ago. So for the first time for him to run for office and become a governor, Hey man. Yep. God be having things in people's cars. All Right, well when we come back, we got the positive notice. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast. Club. Long LaRosa filling in for Jess. It's time to get up outta here It is, man.


I wanna tell everybody though, my fourth annual Mental Wealth expo is happening this Saturday at the Marriott Marquee Times Square from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM Okay? It is a day of mental health education and healing and honor of World Mental Health Day. I'm bringing together some of the best psychiatrists and therapists if you've been there the last three years and you already know what to expect. So we will see you from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM Go to mental wealth expo.com for more details. It is a free event open to all ages. Okay? So we'll see you on Saturday.


Now I wanna tell you the positive note. Give everybody a little life hack, okay? On how to protect your peace for your peace. Don't be afraid to delete, don't be afraid to block. Don't be afraid to disown. Don't be afraid to leave. Don't be afraid to ignore. Have a blessed day, breakfast Cup. Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


Hi, I'm ESY Cup and I've spent my career interviewing people about politics, presidential elections, and some really tough breaking news. But now I need a break. And I, think you do too. So on my new podcast off the Cup, I'll still be interviewing people usually famous and most likely my friends, but about Life. You know the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. So come join me every Wednesday for some conversational self-care. Listen to Off The Cup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week, starting October 7th through October 11th. That's Monday through Friday, everybody. We are revealing the Iconic 400. Yes, bow and Yang And I famously missed our 400th episode here on Las Culture East Us. But we are ready to reveal the Iconic 400. Who is on the list? Does it matter? No. Will it be fun? Yeah, there might even be a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully, listen to Lost Callistus on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Cheryl Swoopes And. I'm Tika Foster Raby. And on our new podcast, we're talking about the real obstacles women face day To day. Because no matter who you are, there are levels to what we experience as women And t And I have no problem going there. Listen to levels to this with Cheryll Swoops and tka Foster Brisby and iHeart Women's Sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, I'm Gianna Predenti. And I'm Jma Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline From LinkedIn News and iHeartPodcasts. There's a lot to figure out when you're just starting your career. That's where we come in. Think Of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in people who do like negotiation expert Maury to Harry, poor If. you start thinking about negotiations as just a conversation. Then I think it sort of eases us a little bit. Listen to, let's talk offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.