
This is an iHeartPodcasts. If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where Drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars. And The Stars App.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belonged to something greater certified to operate by Chev. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss.


This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future


generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. With available features like the relaxing Massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, Bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Good Morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo yo. Yo yo. Yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The guy. Peace to the Planet is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Yes. Good morning. What up Jess? How you feeling? Good morning. I feel good. How y'all doing? Blessed Black and Holly favored. This is the greatest show on Earth. 15 years in running drop on a cruise bomb for us. Damn. Just because what's happening, Salute to everybody that purchased the puppy. These puppies is kicking my ass. I just wanna let you know. Hey, I bet usually I would get up at about 4 30, 4 15 this morning. I had to get up at three 30, won't walk downstairs and it was a crate full of poop.


Well, that was a random shout out. Everybody there who's purchased the puppy from, because I thought you were about to say from some place. No, just in general that Puffy life is different because it is. It is just like, and Then you got two. Yes. It ain't like you got one, you got two and you gotta train Them. I took the dog to the vet and the vet was like, why would you get two? Why? She was like, it doesn't make sense. We get one train one and then you get another one. Right. I was like, it just made sense. I wanted sisters. I wanted like together. She was like, that was dumb. And now I realized what it means. But Can the navet must be black? Oh, nah. Nah. Navet was white, But you can always get somebody to do your dog way Diddy did Kid Cutty's dog. What? Oh, lock him in a Bay Firm. Yeah. Seem to get That dog seemed to get in line, didn't he? Locking back from, Oh my God. We never heard from the dog. Yeah, we never heard the dog.


Oh really? Yeah, These two do. Men are kicking my ass, but I'm enjoying it though. So, but just to let you know, you gotta walk each individual dog by himself. Oh, you can't walk 'em together? No. 'cause she said one to overpower the other one. Mm. So I, I have to walk one then bring it back in and then walk the other one and then bring it back in. I think she meant that them two dogs will overpower your old ass. That's what she was Trying to Tell you. In a nice way. Maybe That too. Right. And I called my, my daughter and my son this morning. I'm like, I thought y'all were gonna help. Like with the, with the dog. Absolutely not. My son says, dad, I gotta go to the gym at 12. 12 noon. It's four in the Morning. That's why he looked the way he do. And you look the way you do. Right, Right. Two Shit. Drop one a close bomb to the man of the house. Big Logan. He used to call him low Logan. That's Big Logan now.


Oh my goodness. And you need to start respecting his authoritarian and calling him big low G too. Okay. Oh my Goodness. Well, let's get the show cracked and Candace Parker will be joining us this morning, Man. She's got a new book, the Can Do Mindset, how to Cultivate Resilience, follow your Heart, and Fight for your Passions. It is out today. That's right. And Candace, you know, three time WNBA champion, two time Olympic gold medalist. You know Candace is a big deal. That's right. And Congressman Eric Swalwell Swalwell Yes. Will Be joining us from Representative For California. That's right. So he'll be here to talk to us about all the going goings on in The World of politics. Yeah. What's Happening, you know, we are perfect balance white and rat righteousness on this show. That's right. You Gonna learn something and you're gonna be entertained. That's right. And you're gonna get pissed off. Yes.


Okay. We take you to all the range of emotions. Yes. Jesus. Yeah. All Right, well let's Get this, because I'm still trying to No hush, right, because I'm still trying to recover From what? From Big Chris. Yo, we got a lot of good dms from the national, I don't know if it's the national, but the Down Syndrome. Oh, nice. At different agencies and this, that, the other, Are they checking on me? No. Doing, no, they were saying that that was positive. The fact that we let that young man, or I don't know how old he is. Let that brother come up here and rap and let him, you know, talk to you that like they was very Talk to me. Did they see the strip tees? Did they see the dance? Did they Yeah. Nobody cares about you. Right? Yeah. They weren't Calling to check on me or apologized to me. They called to say, oh, all the positivity. By the way, big Chris wasn't up here 'cause he got Down syndrome.


Big Chris was up here 'cause he's entertaining. Right. And Big Chris B with Ricky Smiley. And if you've ever heard Ricky Smiley and Big Chris together, you know Big Chris is just an entertaining person. Correct. You ain't can't just come up here 'cause you got Down Syndrome. No, no, no. But but they, Hey yo. True said that ain't gonna get you in the door by itself. This is something else Gotta be happening. I got, that's crazy. But all the blogs and all the places that represent a lot of kids that have Down Syndrome. Yeah, were, were very excited. The fact that we had Big Chris up here, we let him express himself. We let him rap and we let him talk and they were just so excited About it. I enjoyed Big Chris dropping a clue. I always enjoyed Big Chris, but I was happy to even see that's why Rickey brought him up here. Yes. Because last time Rickey was here we was talking about Big Chris. Yeah, that's right. Nice. All right. Yeah.


I'm okay though. Y You good? Thank you so much. Know. Okay, sure. Okay. Right. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Front page news when we come back is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Hey ya. Hey, how y'all feeling? Hey Morgan. Good. Okay, we love to hear that first off front page. More updates on this attack out of Boulder, Colorado. Now the FBI says, Mohamed Sabre Solomon planned the attack in Boulder on Sunday for over a year in court document Solomon said he researched on YouTube how to make Molotov cocktails.


Jesus Christ. Yeah. He's a husband and a father of five. And he allegedly planned or said that he had planned the attack for one year but waited until his daughter graduated to carry it out. Now documents claim. He also said he wanted to kill all Zionist people in wish they were all dead. Now meanwhile, the White House is pointing out the immigration status of the suspect. Press Secretary Caroline Levitt noted that the Egyptian man overstayed his tourist visa and the Trump administration is taking a look a hard look at these types of attacks saying they should never happen. Let's take a listen to White House press Secretary Caroline Levitt. Any individual, especially illegal criminals who engage in acts of terrorism will be held accountable under this president.


This terrorist came into our country under the previous administration. Joe Biden's administration foolishly gave him a tourist visa and that allowed him to unlawfully remain in our country. She went on to say this person should have been deported a long time ago. And of course President Trump said the attack will not be tolerated in the United States of America. And he added that the suspect came in through Biden's quote, ridiculous open border policy. And he quote, must be, he must go out under Trump policy. Now meanwhile, governor Colorado, governor Jared Polis, he spoke yesterday in Denver saying there doesn't appear to be an extended conspiracy involving the Boulder fire attack suspect.


And he's confident the suspect will have his day in court. Let's take a listen to Colorado governor Jared Polis in his comments. At this point, we have no reason or information that there was any type of extended conspiracy. Although that investigation continues, I'm confident he'll be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. Of course the suspect, Mohammed Sabri Solomon as as mentioned before, is accused of using a makeshift flame thrower and Molotov cocktails in Sunday's attack, which seriously injured eight people. He's already been charged with a federal hate crime. And the 45 as mentioned before as well, the 45-year-old AEM sha man was in the US illegally.


So Lemme ask you guys a question when it comes to a lot, I know this is a small part of the problem, but the fact that people can actually Google some of these things like Google how to make a ma a cocktail, whatever you call it, or Google how to make a a ghost gun or Google how to make a bomb. Shouldn't we be cutting some of these off things off online where people just can't get access to it that fast? Yeah, It's true. And then to your point, as you were saying previous in previous days about how they're going to moving forward, some students will be vetted on social media. I'm sure that could be a thing as well. It's like, what have you been looking up? What have you been Googling? What have you been researching? And so maybe that could, you know, add to essentially that vetting process. But yeah, Well yeah. You know, people who want to kill you, people who want to harm you, they're gonna find a way.


And you know, this is a sad, sad situation. And here I don't know how to combat this level of bigotry. I don't know how to combat this level of prejudice. If I did as a black person, I would've made it stop a long time ago. Just Make it a little more difficult though, the fact that you can Google how to make a bomb and it'll give you step by step. Yeah. But I'm talking about the bigotry and the prejudice and the racism, the antisemitism that fuels people to do these type of things. I don't know how to make that stop. Like I said, if I was a, as a, as a black person, I would've made this stop a long time ago for us. Yes. Right. And this is what, this is just who some people in this world are sad. It just, it just is very Sad, very sad, very deep rooted. But I will keep you guys posted as to what happens with that story. That's us front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM Stick around.


We're still talking about Trump's so-called big beautiful Bill. And we're still on the topic for whatever reason of Joe Biden's mental health decline. So we'll talk about that. Stick Around 'cause you know why we're still on that topic because we're on that topic because the Trump administration is here because of that mental decline. And I also want to say this is why whatever you see bigotry or you see prejudice or you see racism or antisemitism of any kind, you should speak out against it. Call it out. 'cause Martin Luther King Jr. Said an injustice anyway is a threat to justice everywhere. That's Right. Alright, Clock It. Well thank you. We'll see you next hour Morgan. Alright Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again.


(800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Hey I'm hey. What doing man? Call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? This is Darelle. Good morning DJ Envy. Good morning Jess. Good morning Charlamagne. How y'all doing Michelle? Good morning. Get it off your chest. I just wanna raise awareness to the domestic violence. I was just recently shot four times by my ex-boyfriend.


I'm from Detroit. Damn. Sorry to hear that Lord Mercy. My ex-boyfriend for six years. When, when a guy put his hands on you one time, just leave him alone. Yeah, just leave him alone 'cause it's only gonna get worse. I am sorry to hear that. I'm sorry that you had to go through that. Absolutely. And due to, due to the gunshots, like he shot me four times. I was, I lost my hand 'cause he tried to shoot me in my head. So I just also wanna ask if anybody wanna donate to my cash app. 'cause I need a prosthetic hand now because he tried to shoot me in my, shoot me in my head And I was, I lost my hand. So if anybody wanna Yeah, donate. My cash app is only me 9 22.


Only me 9 22. Okay. Alright. Yes to you Queen. All righty. Thank y'all. Have a good Day. You too now. Damn. Hello. Who's this? Hi. Good morning. Good morning. What's your name? My name is Tina. Tina From where? Charleston, South Carolina. 8 4 3. What's happening? Get It off your chest, Tina. What's Up? Hey, good morning everybody. Hey Dora. I just wanna talk about these sassy men that we have on this earth right now. The sassy men. It's Very, yes. These men wanna be babied. I just got outta a relationship with a guy and he was saying I wasn't babying him enough. He also wanted me to come in and clean cook.


I also drive a truck. Oh. So I was driving a truck from like 13 to 14 hours a day and, and he drives a truck as well, but I don't understand why he feels like he gets to come home, play his PlayStation. Why cook? Clean wash clothes and still cater to this baby grown ass man, I'm sorry for saying that but damn. These are the same men that were back in the day. Like how my dad and my mom came up or you know, our aunties and uncles came up. They don't wanna be no worse. They wanna complain, they wanna be baby. They wanna be the woman. Well we have to be the man. What's going on with that? Have You, have you tried to put a finger in his bunkie yet? Whoa. That's how you really test the level of sassiness.


Now you got, oh my god. I don know on a, on a scale of one to saucy Santana, how sassy is he? You know, you gotta test it. She Didn't say she has it have you? I Emini here. If I had to try it I'd probably say, oh probably Emini here. I might as well go back in dip and be like, hey let, let's get some closure real quick and you know Everything. And lemme just see how that plays out. Yeah. Check, check. I made the mistake. Yeah. Check, check his oil and then come back to us, you know what I'm saying? Check his oil, check his oil and then get back there. Right, right. Show me, can I have your book please? I have a copy. Of course. I'm I, I'll definitely send you one. I'm gonna put you on hold Eddie. Don't keep my people from the 8 4 3 on hold.


Hold on too long. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? What's going on? This What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Take us off Bluetooth too. Charlemagne. This is Men Mental Health Month. Huh? It's Men's Mental Health Month. Now last week. Last month was Mental Health Month. This this month is Men's Mental Health Month.


All. All right, so, so now Envy, I got a question for you. Yes sir. Why are you playing Chris Brown? Six o'clock in the morning? Yeah bro. I don't wanna be thinking about who's there. My residuals at six o'clock in the morning when I'm working. So I don't, yeah, I can't only imagine how many dudes get up for work. I drive trucks. I'm out in the about put y'all in the morning. The first thing I gotta hear is residuals. But I can't imagine how many brothers you wake up in the morning motivated for work and you just stress them out automatically. I be feeling the same way. I don't know why we play so much slow music in the morning sir. People are trying to get up and get active. We tell you all the time, we don't pick the music, we don't pick the music for the show. We, I only pick the music for my mix. But what would you rather hear brother Bro? Bro. Say that.


Matter fact I got another bone of pictures. Right. Yo, every time you play Kendrick DeMar, Kendrick DeMar right. Early in the morning or anytime during your show, during that intro I'd be ready for you to drop some Rich boy. What should Beef for Rich? Boy, That's the original sample. But I told you I don't pick the songs for the actual show. I just do it for my mix. You're a liar. You play the music And I thought you would've cut it up through your mix and you know, throw it on there. Switch it up to I be Playing would be hard. I be playing Rich Boy in the mix. They totally two different tempos rich boys. 81. Annette was 70 but I'll still be playing it. He Talk about that intro that Yeah. Yeah, you have a but slow Up so much They got What's up Jess?


I ain't say what's up today. Good Morning. You gonna blow that horn for me? Hold On, I got you. Yeah, period. Thank you. Yo, y'all have a good one. All right. Appreciate you Kids have a one brother. They just giving out CDL nowadays. Huh? Everybody got CDL nowadays not giving Them out a a yo. What if these are really good drivers called? They just giving them out like anybody. L was Something you had to work for. We had three people call P in a row. Emini, here we are. Big shots. Well Emini here like Yeah and then like a lot of those, a lot of them listening to us. 'cause they on the road, a Of 'em on the road right now. Yep. To all the truck drivers. Hello. Who this? They giving out equipment. Shoot. Hello. Peace blesses a love everybody. Good Morning. What's up? Peace. Peace King. Yeah. May I call man because I, I want to talk about Russia man.


I think there's a few things that should be known. Could Russia that, that they don't teach us in school. So I make it quick. I'm waiting on you. Yeah, we waiting on you sir. All all The floor. So this Don Alejandro. I'm from North Carolina now. First thing number one, Ethiopia was the only country in Africa that wast colonized. Russia helped him. How? Because like the second of Ethiopia in the 18 hundreds, he saw how Japan had kept their country updated so that they could keep up with the Western countries. And if, if were like the second one, the same for Ethiopia, it was Russia that sent people that helped them start with their educational system and their healthcare system.


And they said some generals also for their military strategy. And it's because of that, that they were able to defeat the Roman invader or the Pope. During around the Berlin conference, Russia also helped the slaves gave their freedom. How? Because France wanted to send soldiers over here to fight with the confederacy. Russia had said Russia flees over here. They was over, they was in the Atlantic by New York and they was in the Pacific Ocean by San Francisco to keep France. Were coming over here And I just feel like that is some good information for us to know.


Hey, yo, get off Russia's. Thank you for the history lesson though. Oh Man, You, you glazing Russia crazy this morning, Man. Nah man. Nah, I'm just a non-bias person bro. I'm one of the most non people that you, And I appreciate the history lesson. But the Russian g Glader, you rooted for Ivan Drago to kill Rocky. Didn't you? You probably cheered. Hollow Creed died. Hey, Hey Charlamagne. Hey Charlamagne. Huh? I tried to leave this one out. Right, but a year and a half did show us that Jesus was black. He said he dropped a mic on that. Right? Okay. Hilarious. I don't need Vladimir Putin to tell me Jesus was black. I knew that already. Oh my goodness. Russia glazing was crazy this morning.


Jesus. Right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's up Lauren? Good morning. That was Caught yesterday. Court Was, court was, it was Progressive. Okay, what do you have on today? It looks like you're like a a a crazy asylum type of. This Is Rick Owens. What? Owen? Rick Owens. Okay, Rick? Yeah. Said Rick Owens like a starter jacket. Look like Gordon Grell. Yo, she don't know what a I look God. She know she got a Google one. Look Like she Googling The top. No, I know the brand. It's Cosby Show. But You have a seen episode of the Cosby Show with Theo made his own shirt for prom. Yes. She said I know the brand, but no, this is not, it's not for you. This is not that. This is, this is Rick Owens. Okay.


You got Rick Owens at home. I want some Rick Owens. We got Rick Owens at home baby. Oh no baby. I wish this was made in the home. Oh right. Little pricey. We Got the ladies coming up. What we talking about? Yeah, we do. So Pusha T sat down with GQ and spilled all the beans. He said Def Jam tried to center him. Well center Kendrick Lamar on the clips new album. That's crazy. He was not gonna do it. Wow. So eventually they All right. All right. Okay. It's a lot. Alright, We'll get to it next. It's a we'll get to it next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren.


Lauren becoming a straight fan. She gets them from somebody that knows. Somebody know she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on you. The Lauren the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk, Talk to me. Okay y'all. So let's get into this Pusha T clips conversation. So Pusha T and his brother Malice sat down with GQ and they had a conversation about everything where music is now and the fact that, you know, they have their first album coming out Us it is been 15 years, but one of the biggest questions that a lot of people had is why has it taken so long?


And according to Pusha t he says that Def Jam tried to censor Kendrick Lamar's verse on a song that they have on the album. And eventually it it, it turned into a back and forth of censor it, take the song off. And then from there it went to them eventually dropping clips and push your teeth solo. That's crazy. And then them moving on. Well it hasn't been 15 years because of that. It was 15 years. Because you know, the one brother gave up rap at one time and only wanted to do Christian rap. Yes. And then they got back together doing rap. But Emini here, they dropped, they dropped the press release over the summer and over the summer when they dropped the press release. And then remember they teased the song at the LV fashion show. Yep. People thought that it was going to be like a lot sooner than right now than today.


Yep. So that's what I'm referring to. But so what happened was when that press release dropped, a lot of people realized that there was no me mention of Def Jam, which was a thing because clips their whole deal with Def Jam was new. It happened over like the last like year or so. So people was like, what, what is going on? And instead they actually attributed, attributed the distribution and the marketing to Jay-Z's Rock Nation. So, and the G GQ article, Pusha T talks about, you know, they were really excited. They went to Def Jam, they were proud. They thought that, you know what Emini here, like everything was moving, how it was supposed to move. And then Def Jam heard the song Chains and Whips, which is the song that Kendrick Lamar is on. And they weren't, they weren't going for it specifically.


There was an attorney with Def Def Jam and they are claiming that this attorney is the person who said, okay, we have to censor the song. And then it was the person who said, well what if we just removed the song altogether and then came back and said, okay, let's move away from the clips. Let's drop the clips. So push a tease like, well the, I was Dumb. The issue Is why they censoring, I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure Def Jam wanted to censor Kendrick because they're in the middle of this lawsuit with Drake. Yes. I guarantee you that's something to do with that lawsuit. Of course. Yes. So according to Pusha t, the lawyer's name was Steve Gey and he says that there, what he believes is their issue was that, you know, you got two of Drake's biggest like arch enemies right? Who were on this song and the they, they G's in the middle of, or Def Jam, they're in the middle of this lawsuit.


So they're like, no, we can't like, like we don't want any more fire, let's just sit back and push your T's. Like, well basically that has nothing to do with us. So yeah. So they're like, well we'll just drop the clips and then push the tee. It's like, well the issue is I'm still here as a solo artist, so if you gonna let clips go, let me go as well too. And it got to the point where that's what they did. So Def Jam should be ashamed of theyselves. Okay. Record labels censoring artists. What happened to my freedom of speech? Russ Russell Simmons would never Emini here he was President Jay-Z would never, when he was president Leo Covin, Leo Cohen would never, when he was president, Kevin Lyes would never, like, like you said, that's disgusting. Like that's freedom of speech. Allow him to say what he wants to say. That's makes no Sense at all. Yeah. Emini here. I agree.


But, And by the way, albums like the clips are the type of albums Def Jams should be putting out.


Yeah. If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know that means trouble. The rest of the Flannery family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines Next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th only on Stars. And The Stars app


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you are in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Silverado is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing misogynist seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bold premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with a 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oass in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


So I call that adult contemporary hip hop like, like artists that you know are just timeless and classic. Def Jams is supposed to represent a timeless classic label. That's the type of project they should be a hundred percent behind. Well That was the origin of Def Jam the Streets, right? When you see artists like we can go back from Jay-Z to Jay-Z to the clips. Like that's the origin of Def Jam. That's what built Def Jam. You know what Emini here. Yeah. That's what's, that's that's why this is really, really weird. Yeah, I agree. And I also think too, I think it's certain artists that you can kind of play around with like this. I don't think, I don't think that clips don't care. Yeah. I don't think that it was smart for them to even approach them directly, indirectly, whatever with something like this. As if they're not, they're going to care and they're gonna be quiet about it.


It's just bad press. Yeah. It's just for, for a label that doesn't need it. You Know what, Emini here, not right now. Yeah, Exactly. Just bad press for no Reason. Not right now at all. Well I did, I I grabbed one of the photos and for for the listeners please go take a look at the GQ interview because they look so good in, in their photo shoot. They're all black, they have a ton of different photos and in the interview they're actually in a sprinter with the writer of the article trying to just find food. And they're just having a conversation about music and where music is now. And those brothers, They've they've aged very well. Yeah. Not, not just as artists but as humans. Like, you know, when you get to a certain age, that's what you look at. I don't care about your designer, I don't care about your cars, your jewelry, what do you look like? Is your skin clear? Eyes white? Are you mentally and physically in shape? That's what I like. Yeah, I agree.


And they always been like that. They always been on their workout regimen. They always been on their eating good food regimen and they're all about family. So that's the main purpose of the clips flew To the cliffs. I I also appreciated malice perspective when he was talking about how you don't have to address everything. Yes. And how artists feel the need to talk back to, to to they fans. And he was like, you know, you talk about you, you can see people's egos taking over and folks never learn to sit down. And he said you can rise above that eternally if you are at peace with yourself. They plan out, they plan out if, if you don't know them and you know, hopefully they'll come up here. They plan out everything. They plan out the next five years of where they want to be with fashion and music and their investments. They plan out everything. They are very like, they are very methodical when they come to, to the way that they think about things.


Yeah, I know. And one of the other things too that, well first of all I thought that that was a good take from Alice 'cause he's the type, he just sits back. He doesn't really get involved in anything whatsoever. But even in this article, he's talking a lot more about, he, he talks about like, he feels like he's watched the engine leave rap where like he left and he took a step away and he came back and things are exactly where they are. But they also talk about whether this new collaboration with Roc Nation means we're gonna get more Pusha T Jay-Z music and Pusha T doesn't confirm anything directly, but he does say we made history a couple times with a smirk talking about, you know, their, their songs that they have already. So I would love to hear a whole verse on the New Clips album that that would be the cherry on top. I don't need it, but I would love to hear a whole verse on Ho always comes through for them.


So I'm I'm I'm assuming that, I'm sure you'll get a whole verse on there. I would hope so. Yeah. Yep. Well make sure you guys go check out that GQ article. That is it for the first Time when album come Out. Oh sorry, the article. The album comes out July 11th. It's called Let God Sort 'em out. And right now they have their single, you have their single Play it right now. Dammit. Ace Trumpet. I'm sure it's not on in the system. We don't have Ace and Trumpets Then. No, we don't have it in the system. I need to hear that before The morning. We played it during didn't play it during past talks. Yeah we did. Yeah. So we should have it somewhere in the system. Yeah. NLA got it. No NLA got, they only played a thing of it. I could put, I'll send it in. I'll send it over. Okay. They'd be Like, yo, how this nigga a dj? He ain't got nothing in the queue. It's not my system. You're liar. I got it In SI Got it ins.


This Is not lying. You better stop. 'cause people Really think I picked the music up. I don shoulda The way you glazed the trunk, the way you glazed the clips this morning and you don't have any musics Clips is my homies. But I, I let me come back. I'll Do, that's on me. I should have reminded you. I'll send it over. We're doing this. I'll send it over. It's the breakfast. Didn't he Very methodical and articulate in the way they be. That's my home. He didn't, He didn't glaze but he bought the baby oil in the room. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He just didn't, It was so crazy. You show some people I'm all of a sudden you glaze Know. Nah, nah, nah. I was showing love. You was glazing. I'm learning. Bringing the baby oil in the room is obvious. Allegedly that's a crime too. What? Bringing the baby oil in the room. You all complicit envy. You better say you didn't do that. What The hell are you talking about?


What The hell? She been in court? In court. Hell Don't bring no baby oil, no rooms. Not Eddie. Eddie. I, I don wanna be a part of no enterprise. I just Sent it to you. Okay, let's do this. Let's play a OG Clipse record. We Gotta pull that off now too. You know what, it take long with these old computers. Damn. All right. I we try. It's loading. Keep talking. We don't have 20 more seconds. 20 more seconds. 20 more seconds. To what the players clip can just Take a look at the picture, don't they? Who birthday is the Oh yes. I always thought they, whose birthday is Dave East? Happy birthday to Dave East and Jill Biden. Jill Biden. Jill Biden and yeah. Anderson Cooper too. Happy Birthday. That's a nice little mashup. They took us Everywhere. It's very well rounded. It took us to the, we we still laid up to The education pride.


We pulled it up. Our here is, I'm good. It's Eclipse Classic. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Front page News is next. Just glaze. You're checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Oh that's Me. Oh hey. I'm like oh that's me. I usually like when you say hi to me. Good up Morning. What's up Morgan? I Appreciate it. Waiting for the toss. My bad y'all. So yeah, as mentioned in the last hour, the topic of former president Joe Biden's mental health is still a topic for former vice president, or excuse me, former president. Bill Clinton is defending former President Joe Biden when it comes to claims regarding the decline of his mental health while he was in office and running for reelection.


Now Clinton made the comment speaking to CBS Sunday morning, let's take a listen to what he had to say about former President Joe Biden's mental health. I thought he was a good president. The only concern I thought he had to deal with was, could anybody do that job until they were 86 and we'd had several long talks. I had never seen him and walked away thinking he can't do this anymore. He was always on top of his brief. And I saw President Biden not very long ago And I thought he was in good shape. So what are your thoughts there? C Cl Clinton was actually on the show promoting his new book, the first gentleman. So I think Bill Clinton is holding the party line and you know, we don't need anybody that's continuing to hold the party line to the detriment of the country.


'cause that's what happened with President Biden. People held the party line so much to the detriment of the country because if President Trump was the threat that everybody said he was going to be, then they should have governed like a threat and they should have been doing things to ensure that threat doesn't get back into power. And running Joe Biden keeping him in that position would definitely, definitely, definitely, definitely didn't ensure that Trump wasn't gonna get back in that position of power. But the sad thing about it is, is we said it right, we seen it and we got ish for people saying that that's not true. This, that and the other. That's not happening. But we all seen It with a eyes and guess what? Envy, we ain't never met him. I ain't never met the man. Right. So you mean to tell me that those of us who never met the man saw it, but people that used to see him on the, on the regular didn't see it, cut it out.


Well I think it's just a matter of what you saw and where you might've saw it because I was around and very heavily involved with the Biden administration and covering the Biden administration. I had been around him during the time where people were saying he was, he was on his mental decline. And I'll say from a personal perspective that he was just old. It wasn't giving that he wasn't sharp, he just was old and slow Moving. He Doesn't remember you. And that was just my, and that was just, Hey Morgan, you know, you know the, you know the contradiction that Bill Clinton said in that interview? 'cause I watched that whole interview this weekend. Was he said that, he said that he said that. But then he turned around and said, but you know, I did question if he could do that job until he was 86. Yes. He was saying that anybody could do the job until they were 86 because Biden was the oldest person to do it.


Emini here. That's that's what I'm Though. He but he's the person. He's the guy. Yeah. And you can't Just say anybody. He was the guy that was closer to 86 and Nobody was attacking him. Him, I think if, if you had a family member that, that had dementia, he's concerned. Gia hiss mother had dementia. You seen signs from that Joe Biden had that I seen G'S mom had. Right. I seen those same type of signs. So that's worried me. And if you're voting with somebody, you have questions. And the fact that I feel like they were lying, you know, concerns me a lot. Of course the, the, the concern for sure was legitimate. But you know, whether or not you know what was going on. But I'm, I'm where I'm standing right now is trying to figure out why is why is it still a topic of, of conversation? But you're saying it is because we are where we are right now. So No, I I think it's a topic of conversation.


'cause you shouldn't learn from history and, and you know, they just put out the book the original sin. But based off Bill Clinton's logic, if that's the case, then we should never discuss what any president does after they are no longer president. We shouldn't discuss Barack Obama's legacy. We shouldn't discuss Clinton's legacy. We shouldn't discuss George Bush's legacy. B based off what Clinton is saying, once a person is outta office, we shouldn't be talking about them no more. Come on man. This, this is when Democrats sound ridiculous to us. This is when politicians sound ridiculous to us. 'cause they're so busy trying to hold the party line that they sound foolish. Mm. Tell 'em how you really feel. All right, well moving on. Another news house minority leader, also a Democrat. Hakeem Jefferies is among lawmakers raising alarms over President Trump's so-called one big beautiful Bill Act.


Now Jefferies was in attendance at a rally in Brooklyn on Sunday alongside New York. Governor Kathy Hool to detail concerns about what will happen if the US Senate passes the act. Let's take a listen to Hakeem Jeffries. You know, the GOP tax scam is not one big beautiful bill. It's one big ugly bill that will hurt every day. Americans hurt every day New Yorkers and it's designed to reward their billionaire donors like Elon Musk. So Jefferies also warned and others warned that it would impact federal funding to Medicaid causing many of those to lose health insurance. Now Trump has said that cuts are tar, targeting waste and fraud and abuse. And the US Senate is expected to take up the bill this week.


They are officially back in session today. Now New York Governor Kathy Hoel also heavily criticized the Trump administration and Republican lawmakers over a number of issues. She says the Republican LED plan to make steep cuts to Medicaid is taking from the poor and giving to the rich and a reversed, what's the, the, I'm sorry, a reverse. What is it not Peter Pan, who does, who takes from the rich and give to the poor? Robinhood? Robinhood. Robinhood. Robinhood, thank you. And a reverse Robinhood type of situation. She says she can't promise that all of her hospitals will stay open in New York. So this is gonna impact New Yorkers if this bill to cut Medicaid becomes law. Let's take a listen to New York Governor Kathy Hoel. This is a level of attack that is unfor was unforeseeable, but it has to be stopped.


What they're proposing is basically reverse Robinhood. They're taking from the poor to give to the rich and people need to rebel against that. If we lose $3 billion for hospitals, I can't say we're going to be able to keep all of my hospitals open. I cannot say that right now. They have to back off. So Hoko also went on to say that it's hard to protect people from disease if COVID vaccines are no longer being recommended for healthy children and pregnant women as just stated by Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. And she also says she'll stand up for immigrant rights when testifying at a house oversight committee in about a week. So as mentioned, that big beautiful bill is now being taken up in the Senate.


After the Senate vote, house lawmakers will have a chance to approve changes to the bill. And like I said before, Congress is officially back in session today. So I will keep you posted as to what happens with that. I had one more story. I'm not gonna get too much into it. I'll Just say that updates and improvements at Newark New Jersey's Newark Liberty Airport are underway and it does appear that things are moving in a positive direction per transportation. Secretary Sean Duffy, who was there this earlier this week. So it looks like one of the runways has been, that was shut down for maintenance has reopened. So it looks like things are moving in a positive direction for Newark Liberty Airport.


But that's pretty much it. That's your front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. Thank y'all. All righty. Thank you Morgan. Alright Morgan, we come back three time. W NBA champion, two time Olympic gold medalist and she has a new book the Can Do Mindset. Candace Parker will be joining us and we're gonna talk to her next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed, the legend. Candace Parker, welcome.


Thanks for having me y'all. How you feeling this morning? Nice being in the room. Goodness man. Nice having you. You know, You're one of those people like, you know, people always say like, who would you ever want to interview? And you really be like, I don't know. 'cause you can't really think of nobody. But then when you see, you see you on the schedule, you're like, oh, Candace Parker, I'd love to have a conversation with Candace Parker. Well I appreciate you but I really enjoyed your book. The Can Do Mindset, how to cultivate resilience, follow your heart and fight for your passions. Can you break down why you called it the Can Do Mindset? Yeah, growing up, nickname Can Short for Candace, you know that. But my mom, I grew up with two older brothers, eight and 11 years older than me. And fast forward my oldest brother played 10 years professionally, played alongside LeBron for years.


My middle brother became a doctor. And so I just saw these enormous role models that were doing so many great things. And I think sometimes I doubted my myself. And so my mom, from the time I was little, two, three years old, she'd always see the doubt in my eye and she'd always be like, can do. And it just became my mantra and it became my voice in my head. And I, here it took me through high school, knocking down game winning free throws to shoot even now. And so then it became an acronym for Community Authenticity, navigating Negativity, loving the Dash, which is the journey in between and seizing and creating opportunity. Well Congratulations on August 25th year Jersey will be retired, well deserved. How does that feel To go back home to Chicago?


I grew up in Naperville And I grew up a Chicago Bulls fan, Emini here. They won six championships in the nineties when I was living there. And so it became synonymous with winning. So to go back and play basketball in front of the people that first saw me pick up a ball and then to win a championship in front of the people that first saw me play basketball, I don't think Emini here, that was super special. I couldn't have written it any better. And you know, I think first you dream of a championship being up in the rafters and second you dream of your jersey as well. You know, I think it was in the authenticity section of the book you were talking about, you know, being competitive, right? And how people don't let women be competitive the way that the men are. So when you see, And I know you get this all the time, but when you see the Caitlyn Angel rivalry or whatever you wanna call it, isn't that just women being competitive?


I think it's women being competitive, but honestly I think that the more visibility you get, the more scrutiny you're gonna get. Emini here. That's just nature. As women, I think society always tries to put you in a box. So as athletes, we fit outside that box. You're either too muscular, you're not competitive enough, but then when you show competitive nature, it's not ladylike. So whatever you do as a woman, I feel like until we break that mold in society where it's like, okay for us to be fierce competitors, I think you're always gonna have a different narrative. And so yeah, I look at it like it's competitive and it's two people going at it.


And sometimes I think it's overblown. Sometimes I think that like you're making a basketball play and then there's 15 angles from different cameras that try to, you know, make it something it's not. So, I don't know, I'm just excited where women's sports is in general right now word, because people are talking about it, people know the names, people are following the brands and a lot of it has to do with the visibility of it. Women's sports has always been there, it's just a matter of people tuning in and paying attention. And I think organizations, broadcasters, all that, giving it a chance to succeed. Not putting it head to head up against NFL, not putting it head to head up against finals or MLB or whatever. And so I think now we're seeing more women's basketball and because of that, I think that's why it's grown.


The reason I ask that, because I watch a lot of women's basketball and I've been watching Angel since college. So since even that Caitlyn incident, I've seen her in Aaliyah Thomas have a little kerfuffle, like she's always getting into it with somebody. Mm. But it's not the same reaction from people, it's just, to me it's just like women out there playing ball, they're being competitive. And I think ball players know that. Yeah, yeah. But now you're getting the casual fans that don't understand that type of basketball. So I think it's a competitive nature. Now are there things that cross the line? Yes. Are there comments and you know, discussions behind things that cross the line? A hundred percent. And I think, you know, we have to get that under control, but to me, I think half the time it's more competitive than anything. But it's Rivalry as well.


I remember, you know Reggie Miller with the choke sign, we, you know, we still want action with him regardless. It's still things that's gonna make the press push it a little more. Said we and Nick fan is By the way, I'm sorry man, I'm sorry about what happened. I know. Yeah, it's okay though. Can I Just say maybe Nick shit, I Listen, I'm a Bulls fan so you know where we're at. Oh, y'all About here. Y'all been up at it. Y'all been to cancel. But listen, what Saying if you, you're not first or last, so technically no, I, we weren't even in the playoffs, so it's Okay. And I want to ask, you know, you dominated the the WNBA broadcaster mom author, which was the most difficult journey. Motherhood is a journey that is the greatest gift, gives you the most rewarding feeling, but it's also the hardest job that you can have.


You think you have it figured out and then you have another kid or you think you have it figured out and there's another stage of life. I have a 16-year-old daughter, a 3-year-old son and a 1-year-old son. And they are all different. And they have all taught me so many different lessons and I'm just super grateful for not only what I'm able to bring to the table and what I teach them, but the, but the lessons they've taught me, like they have humbled me so many times. They have checked me so many times they have made me look myself in the mirror and ask myself, am I doing what I'm asking them to do? And so I think motherhood is one of those things where I'm just so grateful for it. I'm so grateful for, for my daughter and what, you know, us being able to kind of go through my career and grow up together and fumble and bump and live across the water and all of those things.


And then I'm super grateful to be able to now take a moment with my Sonos and be able to have a different type of perspective in motherhood and parenthood. What, What part of your personality do you think was misunderstood the most during your playing career and this book helped you to like, I guess reclaim the narrative? What's so crazy to me is I think when you're going through just trying to figure stuff out, you're just trying to figure out like that's what you're trying to do. But you're going through life trying to like mask it. And for so many parts of my life, during some of my greatest triumphs winning championships, winning MVPs, I was going through struggles behind the scenes within motherhood and balancing that within relationships within, you know, trying to figure out how to be authentic in who I am.


And I think the person that I became in that process and who I was for my teammates wasn't always great. It wasn't always who I was. Hmm. And so I think through writing this book, it has helped me better understand who I want to be, who I commit to be, but also like giving myself grace through those moments. Because I think sometimes we show up and we feel like we have to be this at work, but we're still not ourselves and the people around us know that and then they start treating us like those people that we aren't and then it just snowballs outta control. So I think who I am, people may have had a different idea, you know what Emini here And I wasn't always proud of the way that I treated my teammates or how I showed up to work every day, but sometimes when you're just trying to show up and you're trying to make it, you know, that's the best that you can do.


So I think I kind of like went through that and processed that. In writing this book, what was The most difficult thing you had to write in the book? The, the one difficult thing, it was like you thought about maybe I should take out or you cried or it was that hard. It's really difficult to tell stories that need to be told that aren't going to paint certain people in, in a, in a positive light. And I think I struggle with that because I like to take the blame. I like to take the onus on myself in games and losses and missed shots and whatever. I like to say that I've always had a part in whatever happens. And so writing this, it's trying to figure out how do you tell these stories and how do you tell it where it's, it's your story to tell whereas you're not telling somebody else's story.


'cause I was very conscious of that. So just kind of talking about like my parents' divorce and talking about leaving the sparks, the la sparks and deciding to go to Chicago, talking about my wife and then also like near and dear to my heart, like Coach Summit, my coach in college passed away in 2016 and kind of navigating that and what to share, what's intimate that I need to keep with myself to myself and what can I share and would I have her blessing in, in, in sharing. Hmm. We're still kicking it with Candace Parker, Charlemagne Ha. Has your greatness ever made you feel isolated? Like people only saw Candace Parker the player, but not Candace Parker the Person. You know what's so crazy? You know in basketball there's like a finite time, right?


The ball is gonna eventually stop bouncing, you know Father Tom Emini here, LeBron has kind of proven that's not the case but for most of us. But it's like your identity becomes the game. Like you keep the main thing the main thing that's been my gift my whole life. Basketball has been the main thing. I gave up prom, like left prom to go to basketball, lived abroad to play basketball. But it's like when you retire your identity of the who and the what is separated and you realize like the people that really saw you for who you are versus what you did. And so I think that was the biggest struggle for me is, is like everybody has that mourning, that death after you retire. Emini here I love basketball. It was my first love.


And so I think yeah like separating my identity from that. And I was very conscious of trying to show people like I am a history buff, I love to travel, I'm a foodie, I love wine, tequila, connoisseur, like all of those things. I'm so much more than just basketball. And so having that separation I know is like huge for athletes. It is a struggle like talking to people that have retired and have gone and walked that path because it is, it is a death. A little bit jealous You Who helped you grieve then? My family, honestly my wife, I'll say my brother as well, my oldest brother went through this and he seamlessly transitioned. I planned the transition ahead of time. You know, I started commentating, gosh way back in 2015, 2016 I started transitioning.


I started doing more business and paying attention and wanting to be at the table and in meetings and things like that. So the transition occurred before it officially, the ball officially stopped bouncing. But boy there were days where I'd wake up and it's just like you miss that feeling of walking in and 18,000 people are screaming your name and like the, the feeling of like your family's identity is that like they plan their summers around when my games were or or trips or you've been doing it since a kid though. You've been doing it since And it's crazy because you realize, although I don't like attention, that's not what I play basketball for. It's an event you go play, everybody watches you play. It is the attention your parents give you.


It is. And then afterwards everybody's like, where are we going to eat? You go eat. Then it's like, you know, and it's like you don't realize how much of that is a part of your life. And so for me I think that was the hardest thing. But like I said, I had my family, we had my son last year and he just was like, he had the ability to make me stop and realize like that's where I was supposed to be. I've always been 15 million different places. And so I think honestly my son heart made me really appreciate retirement 'cause I got to enjoy all the little things. But jealous is not the the right word, but do you ever get jealous or feel a way when you look at the way M-W-N-B-A players are treated now than when you guys played? I just remember like two, three years ago And I was on a plane flying from Atlanta and there was some players from the Atlanta team.


Oh yeah, they were on the back of the plane and they couldn't get first class seats and they were riding and they were struggling and they, you know, even said NB talk this, talk about this on the radio. But now when you see it, they're starting to fly private and they're starting to make a little more money. They're starting to make endorsements. Do you ever feel a way like damn you, you got to feel, you got to feel a little bit of that. Like I don't want them to have to go through what we went through. But I also know that Sheryl Miller, who never got to step foot in the WNBA, didn't want me to not have, have a league to play in. Do you know what Emini here? And so I think like yes, sometimes would it have made, would I scored more points if we had a private flight waiting for, would I have made more, would I have made more like school performances?


If I could get back the night of the game and been able to sleep and rest and recover, would I probably had a lot fewer injuries? A hundred percent. But I feel like I'm proud because I know my, my name will be mentioned in in the conversation of those that made it possible today. Dope. Like made the things possible today. I remember flying commercial in premium plus in a middle seat next to Sylvia Fowls going to play them in the game five of the WNBA finals. We, we like wrestled over the armrest. I won but like they won the game. But I won the armrest battle And I remember thinking like, this isn't how it's supposed to be. Right? But now on the other side, I want to, I want ownership.


Like I wanna own a team. Like I wanna be a part of that in making it better as well. So I can't count another woman's pocket. I don't want to, I've done one myself and the ability to take care of my family and have all the opportunities I have today because of the Sheryl Millers and the Nancy Lieberman's and Shameika host laws and all those that came before me. I I Do you think The World has truly reckoned with how different your career would be if you were a man with the exact same Talent? I talk about it a lot. Yeah. McDonald's, all American 2004, Dwight Howard and myself, we were the number one players. I was womans, he was men's And I actually, there's a blurb in the book where him And I went to prom when I was in high school and our trajectories were so different after that day And I was angry.


I remember being angry 'cause like inside my house, my mom and dad you can do and be anything and you know, at that point you couldn't have NIL money. So I'm watching, you know, my quotes be on shirts sold. I'm watching everybody in Knoxville wearing my journey jersey and I'm wearing, I'm eating Papa Johns.


If You are not watching BMF on stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know that means trouble. The rest of the Flannery family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of mech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines next level BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th only on Stars. And the Stars App.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Ronald is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30


Before games. 'cause the, the school can't even pay for my meal because it was illegal at the time. And so in the, in the book I talk about kind of like I was really upset 'cause yes, he's six 10 big strong, but he had this league laid out that was already growing, that had already been through the growing pains of what I was about to go through. And then I just was like, my left hand is better than his. And so I was mad because I was like, you know, he has this league to go develop and use his name and image and likeness And I have to wait four years, go abroad and, and compete in a league that, you know was geez, 20 years young. Wow. Wow. And a another part of the book I love. You know, it was interesting to read about how you came to grow to love your wife, right?


And, and it, it had me thinking what 'cause you, you, you, you did like guys, it had me thinking like what else about yourself Did you realize this is, this just isn't me? What's so interesting is I think I've spent my entire life standing out and somehow in that process sometimes I did things just to stand out and not really listen to myself and who I wanted to be. And that's kind of opposite of what I've always tried to live by. And for a long time it took my daughter really being like, are you happy? You know, for me to really look myself in the mirror and say am I just going through the motions? I always grew up envisioning myself with the Prince Charming always Emini here.


Never in a million years when I do those little trashy magazine things, I would always talk about Prince Charming and it's crazy 'cause sometimes life hands you things in packages that you least anticipated coming in. And that's what happened with my wife Emini here. She's my best friend and she's been there through the ups and downs And I think it was about like her And I both being like, wait a minute. Like are we allowing other people's judgments to dictate the next 30 or 40 years when I'm gonna allow my Instagram followers to really determine who I say good morning to and who I say goodnight to every single night. And I had to take a step back 'cause I really don't care what people think, but then I really did. And so it was kind of just like that evaluation and look at myself in the mirror.


When Did you realize When I didn't fight it? I would say we were at a museum. I'm a big like nerd. I love like all types of museums and it was her mind, like it was her knowledge and like just her ability to carry conversation. And my brother says something when, when her And I got married, my brother said something that really stuck out to me and he said, you know, Candace needs somebody that's strong enough to put her in her place, but soft enough where she feels vulnerable and an ability to like kind of like lay your head on her shoulder and be that vulnerable person. And when I realized I was doing that, you know, she would say stuff And I wouldn't have any response.


And at first some of my friends were like, hold on, who is she? Like, you know what, Emini here because that's not normally what happens. And then the same thing where I would confess things that were bothering me or have issues and be comfortable enough to share. I think that's, that's when I noticed I Was still kicking it with Candace Parker, X-W-N-B-A player two time Olympic gold medalist and her new book, the Can Do Mindset is out right now. Charlemagne, Did the people in your life know how, how difficult it was for you to keep I guess her a secret? 'cause Emini here, like in the book you Emini here. I, I got, I confronted, I got frustrated when you was talking about how you wanted to tell your brother but you didn't tell your brother. I'm like, just tell him he loves you, you know, but did did they know, are they gonna read this book and realize for the first time like, damn I didn't know it was that serious.


I've been on the other side of it where I've been the person that has been like everybody knows Just say it, just tell 'em. But I think everybody comes to grips with it at a different time. I know we live in a world that has pride month and has all of these things, but it is scary because you are put in another category. You know, I'm already in two so now I'm gonna be put in a third and with someone that isn't black, she's Russian and white. And so you you wrote that in the book. Yeah, Emini here. I think it's one of those things where it's like what am I getting myself into? And I know my family's gonna love me. My brother was amazing throughout the entire process. My family was great but my wife's parents didn't talk to her for almost a year.


Wow. You know, like we had family members that we have separated ourselves from because in in front with my family and with my kids, this is the standard. Like this is how we're gonna be treated. And so we couldn't go through this process ourselves and help others go through it. So we had to do it ourselves, be okay with it, be strong enough and then, you know, go forward with it. Can't, you can't rush it. The sexuality part was one aspect of it, but you also talked about the race aspect of it. Like you really can what Dr. Umar thought that much. No, but it's a different dynamic when you walk it. You know what Emini here, like first of all like even with our kids it's like, you know, they have a black mom and a white mom and you know, it's like navigating the, the race element and the conversations.


We've grown up in two completely different countries. So having those conversations, like she's not coming from a place of understanding through experience. And so like even so we are confident and we're cool within our household, but it's like you don't understand the other noise that could mess that up, if that makes sense. Have there ever been a time where you dimmed your light to make others feel comfortable, especially in rooms full of men? A hundred percent. You know, it's so funny. I was sitting, I was sitting on the shop and it was with Draymond Green. Bron was there, Mav was there and they were like, you know, people don't understand what it's like to be a black man and be the only one in the meeting. And I was looking around like, Like what y'all really just said that like read the room, you know what Emini here.


So I think sometimes you have to pick your battles a little bit. As a teammate, my job is to make those around me better. So same thing when you're sitting at these tables, like the point isn't to make people feel stupid or feel small. The point is to make them understand the need for different voices at the table. And I would say diversity of thought. I've sat at so many tables and been the only I'm comfortable, but I'm tired of being the only, when I went into TNT as the, the only female on that set, a lot of people think, Hey I want you, you know, you, you you trying to be one of the guys. Like, no, I'm trying to be one of the players.


That's it. So treat me as such word. The way I see the game is way different than Shaq. Shaq throw the ball down, low barbecue chicken, Shaq, other people have to do moves. I don't even Can't be watching the game. We just Can't. Yes. But like the way he played was just so dominant that he doesn't understand that people have to do stuff to score. He's like, just throw it down there and score. And it's like Kat can't do that. He's not. Wow. Wow, wow. Do you know what Emini here, I, I'm not, I'm not saying but I Kat can't do that D Wade And I, we can't do that. We have to do moves and use the mental aspect and element of it. But I feel like the value that is brought to the table, if you had 15 shacks, what at, you know, as analysts, but he brings value to the equation because he was so dominant and it gives you a bird's eye view of like dominance.


And so I just think anytime you have different people at the table, you're gonna bring different perspectives. Like why not? And so it just drives me crazy. I watch First Take, I like Stephen A. Smith, he's super knowledgeable about the game but like the people that comment under my posts about how I'm a woman And I never played the NBA And I should shut the F up and blah blah blah. But they are like Stephen A. Smith has the Bible for the NBA and it's like he has never Played either, But it's just because he, you know, he's a man. And so I just am continuing to fight that stigma. I'm open for the challenge, I'm up for it. Grew up with two older brothers, all we did was make fun of each other. So I'm, I'm game, I can speak that language but it's just having the opportunity to like separate myself.


Like don't like me as an analyst but don't not like me because I'm a woman. That's my thing. Is There A-W-N-B-A teammate you didn't appreciate in the moment but now you realize that person was vital to your Growth? Dang, that's a really, really, really great question. I would say I appreciated her in the moment, but I don't think I appreciated her enough in the moment. I would say definitely Delecia Milton Jones. I think she's someone that was in the league for such a long time. She had such an amazing career longevity, won championships with the Sparks, played different roles, played key roles, came off the be like she did it all. And so I think she genuinely wanted me to succeed And you know, I was a rookie when she was there and you know, we got in some brawls alongside, she beat me up in practice coming off screens and it was like all that was tough love 'cause she loved me.


And you know, you talk about a lot of things in the book, but what's something you haven't forgiven yourself for yet, even if nobody else knows about it? I would say I struggled for a long time in the closing seconds of games mentally. Wow. I did because the results didn't work out for me. I talk about that a lot in this book about how naive I was. My rookie year we lost by a last second shot nine years later. I was still losing by last second shots. And I felt myself in those moments tense up when prior I would relish in those moments. Like I would be, I would want the ball And I would find myself shying away from those moments because I had conceded to the fact that it was just not gonna work out. And it took my brother, it took me finally realizing how to relinquish results and just live in the process.


The dash right? Enjoying the journey. It took a Kobe Bryant text message to me that was like, it's better the hard way. You don't die with bullets in the chamber, right? Like you go down shooting. It was that text message and just the support from my family and friends that allowed me to win the championship. And it came down to the closing moments. And in those moments I just played and it could have not worked out, it could have worked out. But I just, since that time when I lose, I'm not in bed for four or five days. Like I'm gonna commit to the process, I'm gonna commit to the grind. I'm gonna honestly try to stay at that like even, even keeled mentality and that's in life as well. And I wholeheartedly believe things will work out the way that they need to. All right.


Candace Parker can ladies and gentlemen can't Do Mindset out right now. Go get it. Thank you so much. We appreciate you. I Appreciate you. All right, thank you. This season starts back up. Check in on us. Come on up here. We'd love to talk to you. Hey Say less And WABA season up right now. So come talk to us. It's Candace Parker. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. And like Genuine. Didn't the trucker tell you stop playing that record so much and you didn't have the new Clipse record? This is disgusting. First of all, I have to say this again. I do not pick the records that play or the morning. So why is your name DJ in? I only play the records in the mix. So that's in my Serato. My Serato is not connected to this right now. You do a mix nine o'clock. I do a mix. Really? I'm telling you, this guy's playing with me. Yo, because you are dj. Everybody Think you're responsible for every single Song we play during the show.


It's true though. They sent me clips record nine times this morning. 'cause he said I didn't have it and still didn't it because he said I didn't have it. I didn't have it. Let's see if it plays after this then let's go play after what the latest with Lauren. Oh my goodness. Oh wait, I thought we dropping Coming the, she gets them from somebody that knows somebody some she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest in The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. I say dang Vy, you ain't got my intro either. Dang, Talk on me. Dang. So yesterday in court witnessed Mia, who was the former personal assistant of Diddy that alleged that she was raped three, three times.


She talked about it in court, but more than three times. And that she was like physically assaulted at work and all of these things was on the stand. Brian Steele, young thug's attorney was doing her cross, which is where, you know, he's questioning her for Diddy side. From Diddy side of it. Right. Complete pit bull. When I tell you he went at her like straight at her, he, he called her, you know, sexual assault claims A me too money grab. He told her she was a liar while on the stand to the point where the judge had to stop the back and forth questioning and they had to have a sidebar conversation. They came back and was like, listen the way that you are having a conversation with her, it is, it's, it's hostile.


Like it's, it's too much. Way too aggressive. Yeah. And your tone and it's, it's humiliating. And it like they, the judge gave him a talking to Mm, he came back and still was on his best BS though. Like, I'm not gonna lie, he said it, like I said, a hundred percent everything was being objective, but he still kept going. And did it look like it helped or hurt? At first I thought it was hurting because she's up there talking about she can't remember certain things when it comes to her sexual assault or she doesn't know why she kept reaching back out to Diddy via text and different things. No, after she was no longer an employee with him. And after she received a settlement, after they decided to go split ways as an employee because of mental health, like she was blaming a lot of things on mental health.


Not blaming, but she was referring to her mental health and her conditions and not really understanding herself why she was still in such a hold. And I'm like, yo, he's being so aggressive. But then I'm watching it and I'm like, wait, if all you got is like her account of things because there's no text messages or no emails, there's no anything written where she's telling a friend about the, the alleged events. Not even just sexual assault, but like having to get on a boat and paddle away from Diddy and in the water at one point. What where the hell was they at last week? She talked about that. Like having to get on It wasn't a boat, she said it was like a, what's those little boards? Like a canoe? A paddleboard board. Yeah, something paddle board. She said she had to get on a paddle board at one point to get away from him during like one of his like alleged like ran crazy.


Yeah, yeah. Parties or something. Yeah. And then the Prince Party incident, the, that alleged incident when Diddy came out and was trying to drag her and Cassie back into the party. 'cause he was mad, she was there. The Brian Steele was like, so all of these things happen, right? These big events, there's no photo, there's no video and you to document everything for Diddy. You didn't text a friend, you never emailed anybody. We have, there's nothing written and solid. But, and I'm like, okay, so now you just gotta hang on what she's saying. And it's like, do you believe her or not? But she's very timid and Brian still was like, Nope, that's a lie. Nope, that's a lie. And I'm like, well if I'm a juror and you gotta believe him or her. And he is bringing these things around full circle. So I think not even think I have a friend that was actually in the court.


'cause I was in the overflow room in the actual court where you could see the jurors who said that the jurors were reacting to the questioning, the line of questioning, like openly reacting. Like they would, you know, when she couldn't answer certain questions, it's like, okay wait, like they're not saying it, but you could see in facial expressions and things like that that they're, they were like, oh wow, okay, what's happening? Right. Because that's how we all felt in the overflow room. Like, wow, Brian still is destroying her right now. So I, I thought it was kind of effective. But up next on, on the stand, you have a video expert who's gonna talk about that video from the intercontinental, the hotel. 'cause Diddy's team is saying that that video was like sped up. You have, you know, a witness Jane Doe who's also gonna speak to some allegations as well.


But at this point, again, I really think that it's time for Diddy's team to like the, the government arrest Diddy's team to come up and bring their witnesses on. 'cause Do we know who Diddy's witnesses are As yet? No. No. And I've been trying to figure that out. Who, how, who's gonna get on that stand? Because that had, They said if Diddy's gonna get on the stand, They have not said He should. I think Diddy should get on the stand and Diddy should be the defense's number one witness. Diddy should get on the stand and basically throw himself at the mercy of the court. He should be his, he should just be honest about everything that has happened in his life from, from from day one. They should, they should basically just lay out a bio for Diddy from the time he lost his father to losing his best friends like Wolf and you know, biggie and Kim Porter and Andre.


Just lay it all out. Just lay out a, a a a story of trauma and sadness and how he turned the drugs. Be honest about the abuse Alcohol, Be honest about the Alcohol. Everything. The, he should just get on the stand and just lay it all out. Just lay just throw yourself on the mercy of the court. Whoa. Face down, ass up. I knew that was coming out. I was like, come on, bring it on Whistle without being On lay self out. Spread 'em and just, yes, Serious. I'm not even joking though. He should, he should beat spread. He should be the, the, the star witness for the defense. And he should just go out there and just throw himself on the mercy of the court. Talk about all the tragedy, all the trauma he's been through. How he had to turn the drugs and alcohol and everything else.


Yeah. And he was wilding. Well he gonna do something 'cause they bringing in so much difference of home. Girlfriend brought up r Kelly. She said she had a, oh Kelly, she Saw that I saw something. Yo it was crazy after talking about, you know, she, 'cause she alleged she had been raped and all these things. And Brian Steele's like, wait, but all these years later you're texting Diddy talking about you had a dream about r Kelly that you was in an elevator and that he saved you from r Kelly. Allegedly. Why would you text someone who you're saying raped you about saving you from another person? And it's like, And I probably like, I ain't even, never even meet you how he save you. For me It was a dream. Yeah, It was a dream. It was a dream. But there are psychologists who've been breaking us down and said that that's like, you know, that can be like her innermost thoughts And I don't know.


Right. Okay. It's a lot. But real quick as we wrap up, I know we MVV got the clips record now. Yes I have. I always had the Eclipse record. Had the double check. I always had the Clips record. Yeah. I had to double check. We talked about earlier in the last hour at the latest, the Eclipse sat down with GQ magazine and talked about, you know, a ton of different things. We didn't mention all the Kanye stuff that they spoke about. And Pusha team seemed really heartbroken in the article talking about splitting ways with Kanye and, and where they are now and saying that they good. It's not going it, it ain't there for him no more. And you don't even look at Kanye as a man. But I say all that to say, please go read that article and now we have the music. I always had the Clipse record. It was in my Serato, just wasn't in the station computer. Could You shut up and play it so we can have time to hear it? No, before Donkey today, before we do, We gotta tease Don it who you giving your donkey to before, After the hour we need the acting head of FEMA to come to the front of the congregation.


We'd like to have a war with 'em. Now play the New Clips records, Then we can play top of hour, then we'll play it and then Donkey. Okay it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yeah. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. That Clipse album can't come quick enough. Man, that record's so disgusting man. I love that record. My god. It's crazy. I just want to go pretend to sell some dope right now. Pretend where can I, where can I go buy Ain't right now. Jesus. That record is so tough. I wrote that too by the way. Okay, pat what that talk That is Pat. Oh you wrote that? Yeah. Yeah. Let's give to the donkey the day. This guy's key. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. We read, He gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve, the People need to know.


Well you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. Tell daddy it's time for don't give of the day. It's a read but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlamagne Toag damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty day to man? That is crazy How Eclipse make you just want to get dressed up and go sell some coke. You wanna put on a nice three piece tailored suit? Yes yo. And just find some cocaine to sell. What's wrong with Christ Donkey? Today for Tuesday, June 3rd goes to the acting head of fema. David Richardson. What is fema? The Federal Emergency Management Agency, their primary goal, what are they here for? Is to coordinate the federal government's response to disasters and emergencies, both natural and manmade.


What is a natural disaster? Earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, any catastrophic event caused by natural force. Okay. Tornadoes, volcanic eruption, tsunamis. There are multiple natural disasters that we can all point to. Now David Richardson was recently appointed acting administrator of FEMA and he has no prior experience managing natural disasters. By the way, I don't care what anyone says. People being in leadership roles like this with no prior experience are way worse than what you call A DEI hire. Okay, you can't tell me. DEI highs have no qualifications, but then turn around and hire people with no qualifications. Now why is David Richardson getting donkey today?


Envy. Have you ever heard of hurricane season? Yes, of course. Jess. Hilarious. Have you ever heard of hurricane season? Absolutely. Of course you have. It started on June 1st and it ends November 30th. I am from Monks corner, South Carolina. I lived through Hurricane Hugo, 1989. Okay. I was 11 or 12 years old. So I know all about a hurricane season. Well if I know about hurricane seasons and envy and Jess know about hurricane seasons, why doesn't the acting head of fema David Richardson, what are you talking about? On 'cause Chawla. Well let's go to CBS news for report please. Multiple sources say staff at FEMA were left surprised when the agency's new acting head said he didn't know the US had a hurricane season. David Richardson reportedly made the comments during a briefing Monday a Department of Homeland Security spokesperson says it was made in jest.


But some staffers are concerned since Richardson has no prior experience managing natural disasters, The acting administrative pro, FEMA just found out that America has a hurricane season. Wait until he finds out that water is wet and the sky is blue. Okay. Can you imagine if the head of NASA said out loud, wait, we go to space. These are the same people rebelling against DEI because the people they feel are hired through DEI are unqualified. They don't believe your identity should be the reason you get hired for a job. And I agree, but that should also apply to old white males as well.


Because Damnit from Pete Cept to David Richardson, we just keep getting examples of mediocre, unqualified white males. Okay, David Richardson, the acting head of fema just found out this country has a hurricane season. That's like the surgeon General saying, wait, people have organs. Yes, there are some seasons. We just know pumpkin spice lattes in the fall. Egg dog and coquito during the holidays, hurricanes. Now, okay, this isn't some random guy on YouTube. This isn't a podcaster, this isn't some essay standing outside of Home Depot. This is the head of fema. Okay? This man is supposed to be the one warning us to brace for impact. Not asking, wait, we have a hurricane season.


We are doomed. Doomed, doom doomed. I tell you, you know what else David Richardson did in this meeting? According to CNN, he announced that FEMA will not release an updated disaster plan for this hurricane season as previously promised. Instead, FEMA will largely default back to its operating procedure from last year. Though the agency enters this hurricane season in turmoil with a dramatically smaller workforce, what could go wrong? Just our luck. It will be the worst hurricane season in years. I pray not I pray, pray, pray not. But some life lessons we must learn the hard way. And oh, this big beautiful country we call America is gone learn.


Now I can see Maggie in the comments right now saying, Charlemagne, you idiot. He was joking. Well, as I just said, he is considering reverting FEMA back the last year's hurricane plan and cutting back on training. So the only joke here will probably be the agency's preparation for a natural disaster. Okay. They are really just planning to recycle last year's plan, fema, FEMA officials, hurricane training this year consisted of control plus C, control plus V. Okay, America, I am completely flabbergasted as long as David Richardson is the head of fema. FEMA should stand for. Forget every major alert. Don't even worry about the category four that might be brewing in the Atlantic.


Let it sneak up on us. Okay? FEMA should stand for, forget expectations, make assumptions. Since David Richardson just assumed that we didn't have a hurricane season America. If the head of FEMA doesn't know we have a hurricane season, we are doomed. Okay, way before Avenger, doomsday gets here, I read a quote once and the quote was, when you're willing to do what you're unqualified to do, that's what qualifies you. I must say I disagree. Okay? Certain positions, certain jobs, you just have to simply be qualified for. You have to be simply qualified to do. And if you don't know that there is a hurricane season, then you are not qualified.


Please give the acting head of fema. David Richardson. The biggest hee-haw. God forbid, I hope we don't have a natural disaster in this country anytime soon. Because if we do, y'all gonna realize that FEMA stands for fix everything. My ass. Okay. Damn. What? Fix everything. My Ass. You want to be FEMA now, don't you? Nope. Now you wanna be fema When I wear, when I put it like that. You wanna be fema You please tell me your ass broke Charlamagne. What is he talking about? I'm gonna try, I'm gonna do my best to fix it. I got a tool, I got a tool to fix. Did that lady call this morning and said minute two, sassy, Happy pride.


Shut up. You, you, you Be quiet please. Wow, what I did, please. Yeah, you be quiet, happy, pride. All right, thank you Sheva for that donkey in a day. Yes. Let me reset for a second. Reset, reset, reset. Said happy birthday to my daughter. She's 12 years old today. She's on the way to school. So happy birthday. Lunch. Birthday. Happy day. How you say? Happy. How you say Happy Born Day in Dominican, right? In Do Is it S that only one? Yes. What? Well, Felise Not that. Yes. No, that's her. Merry Christmas, ain't it? Oh Yeah. Felise Anos. Yes. Yeah. All right. Happy birthday baby. All right, when we come back, Congressman Eric Swalwell will be joining us. Yes. He's a representative for California's 14th Congressional district and we're gonna talk to him next.


And don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. Congressman Eric Swalwell. Welcome. Hey, thanks for having me on. How you Feeling Today?


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know that means trouble. The rest of the Flannery family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines. Next level, BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th, only on Stars. And the Stars App.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you are in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Silverado is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massages seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with the 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you. Today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Good. Good. I'm good. You you, you got such an interesting story 'cause you are a Democrat. Yeah. Outta California. Yeah. But you were raised, your parents were Republican. Yeah. So you were a Republican at one point. Yeah. What made you switch sides so to Speak? They, they would tell you they would blame college. I was the first to go to college and so they're like, oh, he got brainwashed by those college liberal professors. But no, the truth is my, my dad was a cop. My mom worked a number of odd jobs. She made wedding cakes, did ceramics, ran like a very large, probably unlicensed daycare facility with me and my little brothers. And I was the first one to be able to kind of get out. And when I left, the town I grew up in was called Dublin and everyone around us called it Scrubland.


I started to realize that And I think very much resented that. It felt like there were like two paths of opportunity in America, like certainly in my community, which was like if your parents knew someone or they had like means or they had connections, like you could go and try and be anything. And if they didn't, then you had to like work your ass off probably twice as hard as anyone else. And so I started looking at like different political parties And I thought, well, Democrats believe in kind of a free market approach, which is like when we're at our best, I think that if you work hard, no matter who you are, you should do better and be and dream bigger. And Republicans I, I saw was like a free for all approach.


But yeah, my parents are still republicans today. I have three little brothers. I, they don't talk about it that much, but I'm pretty sure I know who they voted for. And I married a girl from Southern Indiana who grew up in the same town as the PEs mm. Her mom was the Pence family dentist until she retired last year. So I have to go on Fox News if any anyone in my family's gonna see me on tv. 'cause Was it a particular moment or situation that made you be like, I don't, I don't lean towards conservative anymore. It was in the Bush presidency, you know, seeing a lot of people that I grew up with go off, you know, to a rock and feeling like it was bull like what they were being told and, and that it was really more just a power grab and an oil grab.


And it wasn't about the reasons that they were being told. I think that was kind of that completed for me, the transformation. But it was really more about opportunity. 'cause as I said, like I grew up in, in a very like, working class home and the towns that were around us were very wealthy. And so because I played competitive soccer, I got to see, and our town didn't have a competitive soccer team, so I played in, in like the wealthier towns teams. And I got to see like what the richer kids thought of the poorer kids by playing on their teams. And honestly it was a little bit of just like resenting that they were able to take shortcuts and people who worked hard, like they just, they had to do it twice as hard. And I thought, well, one party actually thinks if we all have about the same opportunity, and then you're defined by how hard you work, not by who you know.


And I thought the Democratic party embodied that more than the Republican party. You think we'll ever get back to centrist politics ever again? I hope so. Emini here. I I was also, you know, I came of age when Bill Clinton was president And I thought, you know, he was very good at trying to find like what's possible. And I see myself as wanting to do this job, you know, to solve problems and be in the solutions business. And today it feels very like just zero sum. Like whoever wins the other side says that this is it. And that actually goes back, you know, you had the search and destroy under Bill Clinton when they wanted to do anything over a sex scandal to destroy the guy. And then George Bush comes in And I would say Democrats are probably guilty of saying like, this is, you know, the most existential threat to our country.


You know, we're gonna lose our country if George Bush is reelected and then Obama comes in and you get like this birtherism bullshit and then when the real threat came and Donald Trump, I think most Americans are like, okay, that's just what you guys say every time. That's just what you say. So when the real threat was there, we probably didn't appreciate it. I was, I want to ask, what do you think the biggest thing the Democrats got wrong in the last Election? Immigration and public safety. 40% of my constituents were born outside the United States. It's probably one of the largest like groups of immigrant communities you'll find in America. And we also happen to be today because we've embraced immigration, one of the wealthiest districts now in America. So there's a straight line between having people who left everything showed resilience, created something, and like the wealth they can create in their community, right?


So when you have like legal immigration channels, there's no end. But the American people, they're not gonna let you solve the workforce crisis in agriculture, in hospitality, in restaurants, food and beverage. They're not like gonna let you attack that until they see security at the border and the perception that the border was outta control and the reality that the border was outta control was a problem. So I think if we had just doubled down and said, yeah, we want border security, we want, if, if people are gonna make asylum claims, we're gonna, you know, put resources there to adjudicate those claims as quickly as possible. But if it's seen that all you have to do is just come to the United States or like cross an insecure border and, and then you can have access to resources.


People aren't gonna want to hear your plan to have a million people come here and work on the jobs that really need to be filled. And so I, I think we just weren't seen strong enough on that issue. And then on law and order, I, I think we rightfully fought for criminal justice reform rightfully, but we were too, too much identified as like a defund the police party. And I think you can have both people want safety in their community. They also don't want like the wrong person going to jail or people going to jail for petty, but they wanna feel safe in the community. And we weren't perceived as a party that was gonna keep you sick. I Think Democrats miss people though, because when you talk about home ownership Yeah. And small businesses, that's literally like a middle class thing.


Yeah. Like, like, you know, you know how hard it is to be able to afford a home. Like, like some people I'm talking about are just folks who want to find an apartment that's not 3000 Yeah. Dollars a month. You know, they just want to have a couple of meals on they, on they table, you know, throughout the day for their kids. Yeah. Like this, that, like, we never speak to that. Yeah. It feels like we always talk to the middle class. Yeah. And above that. But we never talk to who's lower in the middle side. But I want us to be aspirational. And, And I think a weakness of the Democratic party is, my parents would tell you when people told them that as Republicans, they were voting against their interests because we lived in 13 different houses. I went to 11 different schools before I graduated high school. And people would say, well, you're Republican and you're voting for Republicans.


The Democrats are the ones that are gonna protect people in your economic class. And my parent, my mom would say, my interest is not being poor. And and so she saw the Republican party as talking to her as, we are aspirational for you. And I think Democrats at our best, yes, I want, I want us to have more inventory and housing so that the cost of housing comes down. And in California, frankly, a lot of the laws in California get in the way of builders and developers bringing more inventory, you know, on stock so that you can have more affordable housing. Yes. I want that for people. Just basic housing. Yes. That, that is a need. But I want people to aspire for owner for ownership because I think when you own like a piece of America, like that fulfills the American promise that if you work hard, like you can own something.


And for most Americans, the greatest source of wealth is their home. But more and more Americans, especially my generation, home ownership is outta reach, believe it or not, I'm still paying off student loan debt. I've got about $80,000 in student loan debt today. And many people like me who chase that dream of being the first to go to college, they're just in the quicksand of student loan debt. And they think that the American promise is bull because they're, they don't own piece of it. So I, I want us to be more aspirational, put more housing in America so that you increase the inventory and you increase the ability of people, you know, as I said, to have skin in the ownership game. Well How do we get those poor and disenfranchised people to even get to a, a mindset of aspirational?


'cause right now they're just trying to survive. Yeah. It it starts in school and it's gonna get worse with ai. So what what we're seeing right now with AI is that you're gonna have people who learn the skills of AI and, and they will do better for themselves 'cause they know it. And then you're gonna have a whole generation of people who never even had it in their classroom. We still have Congressman Eric Swalwell in the building. Now I wanted to ask, we look at Donald Trump and Donald Trump has been signing executive orders, pardoning his people, his core to the people in the public. It looks like he looks out for his own. Yeah. The Democrats don't look out, look like they look out for their own. Talk about that a little bit. Yeah. Because somebody who sees that says, well why am I messing with Biden? Where Biden wouldn't pardon his best friend.


He would Pardon his son Wouldn't pardon his best friend with Donald Trump. Pardon anybody that rides for him. We definitely pardoned a lot of his best friend. Yeah. He wouldn't pardon Marilyn Moley though. Yeah. I think the issue is Democrats are weak with power. Say it again. I didn't hear you. Democrats are weak when we have power. So we had the White House, the House, and the Senate, and not a mom in America would say that her kid was safer at school. Right? Right. So I have three little kids, my two oldest, they do mass shooter drills, they're eight and they're six. Mom do as well. And so they would look at Democrats and say, wait, we gave you that Holy Trinity White House Senate House and y'all couldn't pass background checks or an assault weapons ban. And you let what, like the filibuster get in the way of it.


So if Democrats and, and Republicans, by the way, they, they will lean in with thin power and pass unpopular positions. So if we were as strong with power to pass popular positions, imagine how people would perceive us. Almost 80% of gun owning Republicans believe in background checks. And we couldn't even get that done. So I, I think the next president and the next Democratic majority has to flex when we have power. I was reading the Wall Street Journal yesterday and they asked a question about David Hog. We had David Hog a couple weeks ago. And the question was, is David hog Democrat's worst nightmare or their savior? I'm on David's board And I was on his board when he founded it.


I've known him since Parkland. 'cause that's the issue I care the most about. Look, David's not wrong. That the question is not, are you far left or center left? It's will you bring old tactics or new tactics? I agree. And, and if, if you're not up to bring new tactics to take on what's happening, then these times are revealing who should lead and who should leave. I agree. Why should we ever trust the Democratic Party after they lied to us so long about President Biden? And I'm big on this because I just read the original Senate And I'm just like, I don't, I don't see, I think that Democrats have tried every strategy except for two things. Honesty and courage. Yeah. Well there's a lot of people who are courageous right now in the Democratic party.


Our bread and butter issue, our dance with the one that brought you is healthcare. People have always trusted us on healthcare. That's our issue from President Johnson to President Obama to when Donald Trump tried to take it away. That's how we won the house in 2018. And now this reconciliation bill is gonna take 14 million people off their healthcare. We're not only gonna protect healthcare 'cause I, I think protecting healthcare is not enough. We need to invest in cures our firing cancer doctors. So we have a real clean contrast. We're for cures, they're for cancer. Right. Like so, like that's why you should trust us because 40% of Americans are gonna get a phone call from a doctor to say, I'm sorry you have cancer. And so you're gonna, if it doesn't come to you, it's gonna come to someone.


You know. And so you want the party that believes in your healthcare and that you have a right to fight it and not go broke. And I think we have a chance to do that. Do you Think, well I know Democrats do have a messaging problem 'cause it's almost like Democrats love facts and figures, but Republicans talk to people's gut, their emotion. When will y'all learn to hit back emotionally? We think messaging is winning a Harvard Law School moot court competition. And I think messaging is winning a gut check at the bar or the bus stop. And so it means just speaking plainly and when you see the other side elect a 34 count felon, you should probably see yourself as liberated to Just say what you believe and not be so polished and scripted and try and project what you think a politician should sound like.


'cause people can call Bull s Right. And they're calling bull. And so I I I hope what you're seeing now is more and more of my colleagues liberated. Can it produce some cringe moments? Yes. But the other part of this is to always be on. 'cause if you're not always on, you're gonna get defined. And, and and this happened to us in the last election on issues that we weren't talking about that much, but they would define and exaggerate and then we found ourselves on defense 'cause we were too scripted and we we're too cautious. Is there anything Democrats can do to stop the GOP mega vote? Yes. Continue to go to Republican districts and put pressure on, I'm getting 700 to a thousand people in these districts when I go and do town halls and that downward pressure, we only need to flip three of them in the house when it, if it comes back again.


Same thing in the Senate. And, and we have Senate seats that we did not think were in play, that are gonna be in play. Not just North Carolina, but also Florida, Iowa Emini. Here, look at the Senator of Iowa two weeks ago you would not have said that Iowa was gonna be a threat. And then the senator of Iowa went out and said, well who cares if we're cutting Medicaid, we're all gonna die anyway. So like going to those states, doing these town halls, bringing out not just Democrats but Republicans and independents. That works. And it's also an organizing tool. A muscle for us, you know, to exercise. So that we're ready to flex it at the midterms next November. And should Democrats who support this bill be shamed? No. Democrats should support this bill. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No. Do not support this bill. Yeah. Is this this, this is the same bill that Chuck Schumer said he wanted to support, right?


No, no, no. That was the spending bill. That was the spending bill. And that's gonna come back up in September. And I hope we learned our lesson from what happened in March. Gotcha. That we should not be helping these guys get well because as I said, they're firing cancer doctors. That's what, when you fund their government, you're funding a government that is firing cancer. Are they really cutting Medicaid? Yes. Because they said they're not Emini here. They say a lot of shit that they're actually doing. Yeah. Emini here. We don't read the bill so I don't Yeah, yeah. No, they're really cutting Medicaid. It's really in it that they want to cut Medicaid. Yes it will. It will kick 14 million people off Medicaid. Wow. 14 million people. Wow. Well Congressman Erics Falwell, thank you so much for joining us. Yeah, my pleasure. This morning my, yeah and don't be a stranger. I'll be back. Alright. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fan. 10 off man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, she gets into details. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Well in case anybody was wondering, Vanessa Bryant is not pregnant. So Vanessa Bryant had to go to her Insta story and post to clear up rumors. There have been things I guess spreading online.


I didn't even see the rumors. I just saw her post about it. I Didn't see the rumors Either. Yeah. And I was actually confused 'cause I saw the Insta story in real time when she posted it on her Insta story. And I'm like, why is she posting that she doesn't like it threw me off. But yeah, so she posted the meme of Rihanna where Rihanna's like swimming and she has the goggles on and she has a little finger up and the caption of the meme said me protecting my peace not pregnant and having a fun all summer. And then she posted another meme, another Rihanna meme that says, I'm not mean. I'm just not the one. So there was enough going around online that I assumed that she had to tell people that she's not pregnant. Please leave that lady alone. Koby Passed away in 2020, right? Yes. But so, so if she's dating or she's seeing somebody, that's her business. That's nobody business Behind her family.


Exactly. Please leave her alone regardless of what she's doing. She should not have to say anything about anything at all. Like she Yes. That that it. Well she Really didn't have to. She Didn't have to. But I think it bothered her enough that she felt like she did. Especially because she's so protective over like Kobe's legacy and all these things I think. And her girls Of course. Yeah. And her daughters. And it's just, yeah, By the way, your algorithm is not The World. Like just 'cause people are tweeting you something or sending you stuff don't mean that everybody saw it. 'cause I didn't, I that's the first time I'm hearing any of this. Would it probably bother her? Probably bother Her. I figured it bothered her because she does not normally address things of that nature. But it bothered me to see her have to even speak on it. But yes. And I So is she just getting big or something? That's that. That's also the most insulting thing too.


People say that you pregnant and you not pregnant. You know, you might, you might be blowing 'cause you're paranoid, you might gained a little weight. Like who can, you know, people just be like you pregnant And then, and then the Rihanna means, 'cause Rihanna is pregnant currently. And that's probably what, you know, people just live online and just speculate. Speculate stuff. Yeah. You do gotta be careful of that though. 'cause you know, sometimes even like, you know, I hear things up here 'cause Taylor pregnant, she eight months. People like, yo, you big as a house. I know. Saying and the person who Said it is big as a house. Yeah. You know, I'm though, that's not true. Okay. What's not true? He always bring in-house stuff outside. Yes, he does. Jess's. Well Jess in-house stuff outside. That's right. That's right. Crazy. You're right. He's, he's wild.


But go ahead. I thought Taylor, I told Taylor she looks amazing this winter. She's glowing. She is Definitely Glow. But I did hear the other comment, we was like, whoa, why would you say that? What? Oh. Oh you heard it? Yes. It was crazy. Oh, That actually happened? Yes. Yeah, it actually happened. It did actually happen this morning. That's Because I was wondering why you Say to a pregnant woman, daddy picks a house. Yeah. Yeah. Who said it? We not gonna get into it in the house. Me and me and Yes. Place We are. We, we had already big her up before all that happened. 'cause she did, she did look so glowy and Dos are rights. Okay. Its beautiful. Okay. In other news, the short King reign might be over Neville Rapa. What That, so this, this story's a couple days old, but people were still arguing about it.


So I figured, let's jump on into the argument. So Tinder, the dating app now has a feature, it's a height feature to help people date more intentionally. Oh. So it, a spokesperson for Tinder came out and talked about the fact that they, you know, they wanna help their users be more intentional, especially navigating the AL algorithm on these dating apps. Because a lot of times, no matter, you know who you're responding to, what your preferences are, it's taking you to people that you don't wanna date. You Don't know the height, You don't A lot of short men on Tinder. Go ahead. Break it down. Well yeah. So if you have a platinum level of Tinder, which costs 39.99 a month, you will get the option to select different heights that you want to date or not want to date. There's Different levels on Tinder. Yes. So you can get a, a better crop.


Yes. So 39.99 you get better access to better people. 30. That's why you just get more preferences. So you already can do in your discovery area. And I actually made a tender account 'cause I was trying to see what this was like. Sure you did. I just made it five seconds ago. Sure. Because they asked you so many different preferences. Like they gave you, when I, they asked me if I'm a man or a woman, I select woman. They gave me like 10 different options of women. Oh, then they give you, Okay, so you, you, you, you. That's what you going now? No, they asked me my like, am I a man or a woman? Oh, I thought you said your preference and you said woman, You just said be quiet. Okay. 'cause we gonna get to you in your height of people. So then they give you the selection of heights. You go from How tall is your daddy? They can give you Oh, he like six three. Oh my god. You could never.


But you got Big tall, right? Yes. Big father nasty. Not a little gu nasty. Okay, Continue on. All right, so then it goes from height to any height. So you can have taller or shorter. But you know, people are seeing that this whole height thing and putting this preference in is height is and height supremacy. And I looked up height is, did you know that is a thing? No, But continue, I'm gonna let you going. Height is is the prejudice of discrimination against someone on the basis of their height. I did not know that these were real things but the people are upset at Tinder, A short man days, sl all the short kings out there. Here's the thing, my brothers, when you a short king just understand you live longer than taller people. So all you gotta do is wait it out. 'cause the tall people die.


Show people wait it out. Show people who live two to five years longer. All we gotta do is wait it out. So wait until 88 to find somebody. That's it. Just wait it out. Don't let sha play with you can't. It can continue on. Whatcha about to say, whatcha about to say? No. Dispute that so you can look it up and realize that it's a scientific fact that show people live longer than taller people. That's crazy. Oh wow. And I, because people get arthritis quicker, huh? Right. I was looking up the, the amount of short men who get denied on dating apps. And according to a, a study in 20 14, 40 9% of women's dating ads specified that they were looking for men taller than them. Another study indicated that men between five two and five four have fewer sexual partners suggesting a correlation between height and dating outcomes.


That little Man so depressed all the time. They got that king. See the women with wigs get denied on Got wig And I dating that. And I definitely saw you reading with your finger. You Just now Think you She was that. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I told you there's nothing wrong with that. Well Continue. All right. What Charlene? No, I just asked Chad. GBTI said it said, I asked do women with bad wigs get denied on dating apps and say while wearing a wig shouldn't be a determining factor in dating apps success. A badly styled or poorly maintained wig could potentially negatively impact someone's dating profile. Mm. Continue on. Glad audio wig been left your head. Okay, so the iHeart Media Awards were announced today for, I'm sorry, the iHeart Radio Music Festival lineup was announced today.


Let's cheer bomb something for that Cheer Bomb Cheer or bomb. You Know anything about this? No, I know about it. I have all the details right here. So this is taking place on September 19th and 20th at the T-Mobile. T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. So this is a two day festival that is gonna be hosted by Brian Seacrest and it'll include Performances by Brian Adams, ed Sharon Gorilla Jelly Roll, Lil Wayne LL Cool j Mariah Carey, maroon five The Offspring and Tim McGraw. That is a fantastic lineup. We got four. We got four. A fantastic line. We got four. Tim McGraw, we got four From our culture. Yeah. Emini here. There's a, there's gonna be a Yeah We got more than four. Yeah, we got Illa. Gimme Gloria. Gimme ju.


I'm talking about yes LL Lil team, but I'm talking about Gimme Jelly Roll Ed Shean. Yeah, I'm All in. And I like Tim McGraw. That's Jelly. Who else you Say? Tim McGraw Jelly Roll. Ed Shean Gorilla. Brian Adams, justice Lil Wayne. Some of these people I don't know. That is Carey. Carey. Maroon five. That's gonna be dope. Yes. Why Is it Justice for Lil Wayne? No, justice is a person. Oh, justice is an Artist. Yeah, justice is an artist. I don't know. I Say what? Alright, I like it. I like it. That's what said yes. And performances will again be streamed live on Hulu for the fans watching at home. Nice. And yeah, tickets are also available to General Public on a xs axs.com beginning June 13th.


Okay. Alright. I might go to that. I don't know how I'm feeling in September, but I feel like I might go to that. You Didn't go last year, you last year? I don't Remember. Yeah, it's in Vegas. Ain't no you didn't go last year. Y'all went one year. I got one by myself last year. The, the year before that we went. I really, I'm be honest with you, I have, I really He Is the king of flaking. Like yeah Fla. No, sometimes you will make it seem like you going in He'll agree to something and then it'll be like, nah, I gotta ask, I gotta ask him 20 times. You sure you going? No. Yeah. You sure the week before You got line up a backup person? 'cause you know he just might not come and, and if you really wanna go, but yes, My anxiety set up sometime I don't want go And I reserved the right and to not show up if I don't wanna show up.


Oh yeah, they said you went two years ago. You didn't go last year. Last year I went by myself. He went two years ago. What? Didn't y'all all go two years ago? Was it That was That was a A black party. Okay. Black. Well for those of you guys who decide, you don't wanna go in person in Vegas and get actual tickets like you know a Charlemagne, the iHeart Radio Music Festival does, like I said, will have a live stream available on Hulu for all the fans that wanna watch at home. Alright, What's Up? That is the latest pencil man. Yeah. Right. To not go. Probably won't even watch it either. Now. Gorilla at Shean Jelly Roll ll Tim McGraw. Justice. He's not Wayne. I need to see everybody all. Well it's The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the mix. You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now. Just it's time to rep a gate a day Make up bitches. Today is right when your rainbows is gay outside. I know y'all wondering who made that lovely intro? Listen, shout out to Taylor but she not gay. The person who actually the voice that you hear is gay. Shout out to Flavor P Fever. I will be honoring Flavor P Fever today. She is a dope ass chef, artist and comedian and also a rapper out of East Atlanta and she's responsible for that.


I saw that June 1st on on the the beginning of Pride. Yo, I woke up And I, first thing I did was go on Instagram And I saw that video and she made that. All right. She also got other music as well. She goes by Chef Flavor P, that's her artist name. She has a song called Megastar last year. I know that I honored a lot of like gay celebrities or whatever, right? But it's good regular gazes out there too. And she is one of the good regular gays. So shout out to Flavor P Fever, okay. Period. That's Flavor P. All Right. And it is Pride month. So salute to everybody out there. The LGBTQ plus Community Salute to Candace Parker for joining us this Morning.


Bear. Candice Parker's book is in stores right now. It's called The Can Do Mindset, how to cultivate resilience, follow your Heart and Fight your Passions. Very interesting story, man. Very, very interesting story. I thoroughly enjoyed Candace Parker's book And also Congressman Eric Swalwell for joining us this morning. Yes, man, listen, I like having the Democrats up here and just Republicans, politicians, period. Because I be wanting to know what the hell's going on in the government, you know, and sometimes when they can just not worry about representing their party and just explain things to us. I am all for that. So salute the Congressman Eric Swalwell. All Right. And you got a positive note. Positive note is simple. Don't entertain negative energy. Okay? Some situations will test your patience and try to make you overreact, overthink, and respond to things that don't deserve your life force.


Okay? Your attention is your power. Don't feed what doesn't add value to your life. Conserve your energy, protect your peace. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


Okay?


Have you heard about this? Last year, the Green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's anti per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Ronald is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.