
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Wicked ass. Stop. Charlamagne the guy. Peace To the planet is Tuesday. Hey, How y'all feel out there? Happy holidays, everybody. Yes. It's Tuesday. That right man. Good morning. Absolutely all appearance. I'm reminding you, the elf on the shelf should be back already. So they should be in your crib. They should be in your tree. So if you woke up and you didn't see the el, it was on the shelf or it didn't happen to hit your house yet, just, just reminding y'all. Okay. My elfs were two days late. So just reminding y'all, You are late. 'cause I mean, the reality is it's December 3rd, so you got 22 days until Christmas and then it's over. That's right. So You know you gotta enjoy every moment.


They call it the holiday season. That's right. For a reason. It's not just the day, it's the seasons. That is right. You know. I feel blessed. Black and Holly favorite. How y'all feel? Man, I feel good. I feel good. I went past Astoria yesterday in Newark. It was good. Oh, you got your smoke? I did. I pulled up in the hood. I was like, oh wow. I feel like I'm back at home a little bit. It's 7 9, 9 Broad Street. Newark, New Jersey is not the hood. It is a very respectable place. I, when I say don't, don't make try a yo yo. You're like, no, don't say it's hood. 'cause people won't go. No, it is actually like a, it's cool, it's not like a hood corner in the projects. But like what? I mean when I say hood, people was getting out. Like they, when I got outta the car, like people was like, they knew me like coming up to me or we gonna watch your car. Nah, I don want you wash my car. 'cause I come out a Beer Here.


Security gonna wash my car for me. But You know that's, that's the, that's how the, the neighborhood does. You coming in here, we got your car. Don't worry about it. We got your car. I love that. But then you gotta give a k little something when you come out though. Yes. Yeah. See that? That's back in the hood. That free. It's that free. You gotta lose something for me. You gotta You know. Exactly. Little smoke. Yo, it was this lady outside with yellow pants. She was like, I'm short. Can you, she wanted me to help her get the rest of her weed. I'm like, if you can't afford this weed, you can't buy. But I did give a give. I got her something all Watch, We dropping the food bombs for yellow pants. Yeah. Yeah. But it was lit though. I, I I, I like the place. We appreciate your patronage. Absolutely. Absolutely. Thank you Jessica. Robin Moore. Salute everybody in Newark, New Jersey.


If you ever in New Jersey area or in Newark, go to Astoria. 7 9 9 Broad Street. That's dope. In Newark, New Jersey. So that's right. A premium legal dispensary in Newark, New Jersey. That's right. Yes. Alright, well let's get the show Cracker. We come back, we got front page news. People are pissed off That Biden Pardon his son. Huh? They really mad, like, Mad mad. That's, that's his fault. But we'll discuss it. I was ready to say Yeah. You said this his lie Like they mad. Mad. All right, we'll get into that next. It don't go anywhere as The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news in Monday Night Football. The Broncos beat the Browns 41 32. All right. Good morning, Morgan.


Good morning. Good morning. How y'all feeling? This? Hey girl. Morning Peach Morgan. All right. It's giving Tuesday, but You know I'm not gonna get too much into that just yet because the only thing giving right now are these reactions to President Biden pardoning his son. So Biden initially promised that he would not pardon or commute hunter sentence on a hunter's sentence on federal gun and tax evasion charges. In case you missed it. Let's roll tape on Biden to hear those comments. I said I abide by the jury decision. I'll do that. And I will not pardon him. So Biden initially or promised, excuse me. Yes. So Republicans and some Democrats, of course, like you mentioned earlier, envy are not happy with this part and Biden claim, claim claiming that Biden put his family above the country or ahead of the country.


Meanwhile, I thought he Did. What what other reason was he doing this for, For White House is defending Biden's decision to pardon his son. Hunter, saying the decision came just this past weekend. Kare Jean Pierre, the press secretary, she spoke to reporters as Biden boarded Air Force one to travel to Africa yesterday. He has headed it to Angola. Let's hear more from White House Press Secretary Kareen Jean Pierre on the, pardon. Those who were late paying their taxes because of serious addictions, but paid them back subsequently with interests and penalties are typically given non-criminal resolutions. It's clear that Hunter was treated differently. How you I was just about to say who, who get non-criminal.


'cause Yeah, like you said, not when you're black woman. When you're black. I'll speaker Mike Johnson. He also criticized the decision in a post on X saying Biden is abusing the justice system. Now your comments, Charlemagne has been picked up all over You know across many TV networks. What are you making of this? Now that You know the, the dust has settled a little bit anyways. I feel the same way I did yesterday. And You know Biden wouldn't be in this position if he didn't say You know a few weeks ago that he wasn't gonna pardon his son because he's the one who said he wouldn't do it. Because he has a respect for the rule of law. That's his fault. Because Democrats always want to act like they stand on this moral high ground. Like be unapologetic about it. Trump don't explain why he pardons his people, but he also doesn't act like he's above doing things like that.


Well, people Could change their mind though, right? Maybe he thought and dad, Kamala Harris was gonna get in office and he was like, we'll take care of it later. And then when he realized Kamala was losing, he is like, nah, I'm not playing this game. I'm gonna get my son outta here. Now ab sure people can change their mind. Sure. Right. But, but once again, don't act like you're a a, you're standing on this moral high ground. Don't say things like you respect the rule of law. 'cause 'cause that's not something that should change. Right. Course you should always respect the rule of law. Of course. So don't And I. No. When you on your way out, things may change. Right? And, and he might be his on his way out, way out. But You know, it's funny to me when I hear, when I hear Trump start talking about, oh, I can't believe he doing it. I'm like, do you see all the people that Trump pardoned? Yeah. He part of his son's, his his son's stepdad. He pardoned everybody. So Once again, Republicans are more sincere about their lies then Democrats are about their truth.


I've been saying that for years, and it has not changed as and and You know what Biden should be doing. He, he should, since he's a proud author of things like the 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act and the 94 crime bill. He should pardon everybody in federal prison for a non-violent. We defense. I agree. We, we've been, that's something else we've been saying for the last couple of years. Absolutely. If you in federal prison right now for a nonviolent weed offense, Joe Biden should party You and this and this is a full party. Right, Morgan, where he can't be charged or tried for 10 years between the last, last 10 years. Right. From 2014 to 2024. It's everything Ever red thing. Absolutely. Yes. Excuse the Prostitutes and all that just party stuff In Ukraine. He's aware of all Biden's crimes. He's aware of all his son's Crimes. Anything he did. Yep. And he cleaned them up.


Speaking, Speaking of which, Chad Chronister, who is the Hillsborough County Sheriff, he has been nominated by President-elect Trump to head the Drug Enforcement Administration. Now, the funny thing about Chronister is his father-in-law, Eddie Debar DeBartolo, who you mentioned earlier, he is the former San Francisco 49 ERs owner. Owner who was pardoned by Trump during his first term after the 1998 plea deal in a Louisiana gambling case. Now okay. The, the, the father-in-law of the DEA elect or select anyways by Trump. So tra Chronister, he, his agency has participated in DEA programs on a local level to fight the opioid crisis.


Let's hear more from him. I Couldn't't feel more privileged and thankful that the DEA has now brought the de the the 360 program here to the Tampa Bay area to help us combat this crisis. This is not an epidemic that we're gonna arrest our way out of It is gonna take treatment, prevention, education, and obviously enforcement. Yeah. That's the Drug Enforcement Administration, the DEA. So of course Chronister. He has been in law enforcement for three decades, sheriff at Hillsborough County since 2017. And he went on to say he is committed to stopping the drug traffickers and keeping their highly addictive drugs off our streets and out of our neighborhoods.


So yeah. So it's cool when they do it. It's the problem when I do Listen once again, once again though, Trump is unapologetic about it. Right. Ping his people, giving them jobs in his administration and not explaining it are acting like he's above doing things like that. Right. Right. That's the difference. Very much so. Alright. Looks like we're running outta time, but again, it's, it is giving Tuesday. So nonprofits are looking for your support today. The occasion happens on the first Tuesday after Thanksgiving each year following Black Friday, small Business Saturday and Cyber Monday. The effort has been growing in popularity in recent years with more than $3 billion in donations made on Giving Tuesday in 2023. For those who are looking for a local organization to support, great nonprofits.org has reviews for charities that are searchable by state based on where you live.


So if you're looking to give, today is the day to do it. Give every day Giving Tuesday. It's today. Alright. Yeah. The more front page news about where your president is and where your president elect is coming up at seven. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines or wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Did you get some Monday cyber deals yesterday? Were you able to catch up on some things you needed to catch up on? You got a good, a good deal. Oh, You already know I've been eating good deal since Friday. Jesus Christ. Alright, get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk away, that you talk.


I hate the way you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next. Five eight five one oh five one. Not just me. I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? Yeah, this is Will, how are you doing? Calling from South Carolina. What's Up Will? What part of South Carolina will I'm in Greenville. You know where that's at. Charlemagne, Of course, I know where upstate at. What you talking about? No. Greenville. Greenville. Greenville. Greenville. Right next to Stevens. Next to what? St. Stephens. Oh no. I. don. I know St. Stephen at though Luther to St. Stephens. Can you take us off? It's right there by King Street. But anyway, I wanna agree with envy. People change their mind all the time. And then with this administration coming in, someone is unhinged as Trump.


That's what a father do when he gets in office. He coming directly for your son. But what father has a position to protect his child and not he gotta be crazy without a doubt. I'm applaud them. And. I wouldn't give a damn what the American people say because they only hold Democrats accountable to the law when it's Democrat. But anyone else, listen, there's too law. It's a law for blacks. A law for Democrats. That's the thing with the Republicans. They stick together a college of the white or wrong if that's our problem. The percent to agree with you, he did the right thing. I would never be a father if no, someone has the power to come after my son the way they do. And he looking at 25 years, I wouldn't even think about it.


I wouldn't have nothing to, I wouldn't give a damn about what the American people say. Took all the stuff that Trump had done, said, and try to overturn America. And then we worried about he part someone who has one charge. People in this, in this cabinet have done worse than that. So what are we talking and thinking about? Why is this a conversation? You know why You know why. It's a conversation and everything you said. Go ahead, my brother. Everything you said is absolutely true, but the reason it's a conversation is because Democrats always want to act like they stand on this moral high ground. They are. They're the ones who say things like, I'm not going to pardon him because I respect the rule of law. They should be unapologetic about it and unapologetic about what they decide to do. Just like Donald Trump is in the Republican law.


And, and and all due respect, y'all man, I'm an activist. And. I. See things. I'm 65 years old. I've seen it on both sides. I would have normal problem changing my mind and taking the heat to protect my child. No problem at anymore. None. I get it. But I but but as an activist, don't you want him to have that same energy for, for people when it's not self-serving? Like, like, like, like I said, no, like I said, like I said earlier, why not? Pardon everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent weed offense right now. People are calling for him to pardon Marilyn Mosby. If he can see, if he can see You know what his son is going through because of his addiction and everything else, why can't he see that in other people? And what you say, And I agree with that young black brother.


But let's just keep it real. Let's keep it the but, and let's just be honest. In a perfect world, would you not step out of bounds and pardon one of your child if it was looking at 20 something years of someone coming after off page like Trump, I would have no problem. Absolute. I understand absolutely what you said. Methodically. Absolutely. And. I wouldn't And I wouldn't act like I'm above it either. Yeah. I would've pardoned my son earlier. I would've never said, I would've never said I'm noting my son. I would've never said that. I'd Have like y'all convict him. I'm gonna pardon him. I would've said it just like Trump. Yeah, I would've never said that. But that's what, but that's what Vy said. You know people. People change their minds all the time. You. know what I'm saying? No, no, No, no. You got no, no, no, no. I said I would've never said that. I would've never said I respect the rule of law when it comes to when I see y'all targeted.


I would've never said that to begin with. Well, I would. I'm And I got three people that I try to look out for. Can I give them a shout? Because they trying to do the right thing. And I wanted with them. Their name is Tyrone JV and Anaya, they're on the straight track. God bless you. And y'all doing a great job. Love you guys. Thank you brother. Thank you And. I. I would've never said that. I would've never said, I'm not pardoning my son I don neither. That would've never came outta my mouth. I Would've say nothing. I would've said, we'll see. But I would've definitely pardoned My son before we got outta here. We see. We'll see. But I would've not pardoned my myself. Gimme the catalog. I'll show you how Daddy ball. That's right. I definitely my son. Y'all forget I'm president, right? And this is a federal case. Sure. I would've said nothing. Nope. He'd have got convicted. Pardon? Pardon. And guess what I wouldn't answer. No question about it.


Nothing at all. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, call us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or Blessed, It's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this this Sean from Georgia. What's up Sean from Georgia. Get it off your chest, brother. Hey man. I I wanted to call in so bad. I think it was yesterday when y'all was doing the thing about the lawsuit thing with Drake or whatever. Yes sir. And, and Char Don't, don't talk to me this morning.


Don't Use the word D rider ever again. You the biggest K by D rider I ever seen in my life. Damn. I if anyone doesn't agree with you, you argue them down. Y'all had people call in and ask their opinion and if their opinion get line with yours, you argue them Down. That's not true. Just, just don't think that that not like us is the best this song of all times. And you ready to argue her down? Because I remember in my life, I didn't argue with her When I heard Tupac hit him up for the first time, it broke my heart. I felt like people were going to die. Like that's how bad people, People did die. People did die, sir. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about when I first heard It. Oh, got you, got you.


I'm just saying, but the not like us thing, I didn't feel like nothing was going to happen. I didn't feel like a hole was in anybody's heart. Nothing. So, So that's how, so that's how you gauge how good a record is based on how many people gonna die around it. Oh my God. You know How it makes you feel. My my four four makes sure all your kids ain't going grow like that. That's, that's different. Yeah. But that last verse on not like Gus, when he breaking down You know why Drake is a colonizer. That's powerful too, bro. But I will say this, Sean, everything is is based off opinion. Right? And, and you grew up in an era where you feel Tupac's record was a lot harder. There's a lot of people that feel like Kendrick's record was a lot harder. The difference between me, I do think in my opinion, PX record was more disrespectful.


But Kendrick was disrespectful and is number one on the charts. It's one of those records that you going hear on the radio, you gonna hear in the club. That record is not gonna go anywhere. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't know if Pox was more disrespectful. I think, I think pox sounds sounds more aggressive. That's why IF your it, you fat mother. I Would much rather somebody say that than call me and my crew a bunch of pedophiles. Nah, nah. See, But the difference Is it depends on what's true. Because if Pop lil it You know, I'm gonna feel away. And that's the first thing he said. Yeah. But you see what I'm saying? It is a matter of opinion You know what I mean? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I get I get what you're saying. You, you Right. The the opinion does matter. But I just feel like there's a difference between impact.


'cause to me, like he knew what he was doing. Like when you put all the, the, the, the Twitter quotes, You know that, that he took from Twitter from people years ago. The the O-V-O-O-V-O thing and the You know What's the point you're trying to prove because it sounds like you're thinking about it and you like, damn, not like us is the bigger record. You know, You know. Not like You know, not like us is gonna win a Grammy come February. We ain't never seen a dish record do that. It was the number one record in the country. I. Don't think, I don't think we've ever seen a dish record do that. And how old are you, brother? I'm 37. Yeah. And, and and and and there's some things You know And I. We was talking about this yesterday. We talked about cultural phenomenon. It's some things you just can't control, right? Like who knew the La Dodgers gonna win The World series and then that was gonna become name motto.


Damn record I don would deny I. Don't deny that that that this good song. I'm just saying. Yeah, at the end of the Day, Sean And I wouldn't agree with you. But you you, you wrong on this. This is wrong. You gotta think about it like it's been the slogan for the year for NBA teams from the Olympics. Like, it's one of those records. I You Know it is a cultural fire for a whole coast. I was the first DJ to play hit the month. And it ain't like this, this, everybody's walking outta that like us You. know what I mean? Yeah. It it, it almost felt like the whole world knew what was coming because within an hour or two DJs already had it ready. It's almost like they called and was like, Hey Sean, come on bro. It's called the internet. Cut it out, bro. It's called the internet.


What? Talk got policeman went out. But what do you Sean, Hey, I want to tell y'all something. Sean called up here ready to argue. But then at by the end he was like, damn. You know what? You know what They right the facts when you give him the facts. See he was, he was basing it off of internet facts. He wasn't basing off real facts. I'm 46. So I was born in 1,978. I was there for hit him up. And, I'm here for not like us. So I can properly compare the two. And social media plays a big part too. A huge role. It's not even close. That is A number one record. You can't take that. It is a number one record, Not like us is the, is the best and biggest. This record of all time. That's the, that's just, that's just how I feel. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent. Hit us up now. Now we got just the mess coming up.


Yeah. They trying to extort Roddy Rich. All right. We'll talk about it when we come back. Who they She gonna talk about it when we come back. Community. Trump already told y'all what gonna happen to day. He after January 20 of y'all better give Roddy Rich he Please Stop me. Stop. That's not, no, it's not them. Oh, you stupid. It's the other eight. Oh, okay. You stupid. We be bad. Mr. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D ej nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess You music is real. Robin Moore just Don't do no lying. She don't nobody Worldwide.


Just worldwide on The, Breakfast Club to the coaches who she was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. Okay. So a YouTuber named Preto Hunter, he recently purchased a storage unit for $280. Now this is what he does. He, he basically does storage wars. Like that's what he's known for. I love that show. YouTuber. Yeah, I know, right? He does it on YouTube. And he bought one for $280. It belonged to Roddy Rich. Oh. And in the unit he found some designer clothes and Roddy, Rich's Grammy that he won back in 2019 for the best rap performance.


And the Grammy, he won the Grammy for racks in the middle featuring Nipsey. So that was a very important Grammy rest In peace. Nipsey Hussle. Absolutely. And shortly after that, he found a Grammy. He posted a video discussing the backlash that he received from it. A lot has been going on these past couple days since I found this. Never did I think it was gonna turn into a nightmare. Yes, I got in contact with Roddy Rich and his assistant. And no, I'm not asking for a million dollars for this, none of that. All I wanted was a video of me giving it back to him. Or at least a video of him telling me thank you. That's all I want. Clearly that wasn't possible. Threats to me and my family. Pictures of my house. Correct. My whole full social, all my family's getting affected by this.


All the people saying that. And I'm getting threats saying to take down my videos that it's a threat. It's a disrespect to Nipsey's family guys. This was never my, my intent respect to Nipsey's family and everyone, you guys know that this is what I do for a living. I post videos of what I find in storage units. Did I think this was gonna be in there? No. All I made was a, all I made was a video of me finding this. And that's it. Question, how do you buy a storage unit that's already owned by Somebody else? It's not owned by 'em. Yeah, it's not. And then You know, like on storage wars, like if, if people take too long to, If they don't pay the monthly Bill don't pay. Then they can auction it off. They can auction it off after about six months. So I think it's three to six months. But if you don't pay for three to six months, they auction it off. And anything they find in there is there.


So that's actually his property. Like all the clothes, the Grammy, everything is his, Because he found it. He didn't have to give it back And no he didn't. And that is Roddy's only Grammy too. Like that. That's crazy. But people was asking like, why was your Grammy even in the storage anyway? And he posted this, he said, dear internet, my personal assistant was in a near fatal accident, which is how the storage unit was mis handed. I appreciate the kid for returning the Grammy much love. But he jumped on live to give more of the story, more context. Me moving back and forth or going back and forth to Miami. I just put my stuff in the storage for safekeeping knowing that when I get down there to the house, it's gonna be there You. know what I mean? Whatever. So once we received the news that the kid had the Grammy and everything, we get on the phone with him immediately we found a video at like a thousand views.


Caught him immediately. You, know what I mean? And like, bro, I got like 10 bands for you or whatever. He like, man, that ain't on 50,000. First he asked me for an AP then, then he asked for 50,000 was, it was more so about an trying to get clouded off of it or an trying to basically store me for $50,000. We come to an agreement of we'll meet you here and get a Grammy back or whatever. So we was like, You know what? Since you bringing it back, we gonna give you some money. He end up coming to the police station that we met up at. He had two cops. Cameras trying to create a moment out of it.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we are here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has some amazing gifts like an eye massager and perfume sets and hairstyling tools for the person in your life that just needs a little bit of self-care. This is a time to be joyful and around friends and family and people you care about and love. So don't stress. Go to Amazon, they have everything. Find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four detail.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. A State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Didn't pull up with anything, which was confusing too. And that was that, bro, I think we gotta learn how to use words'. That's not extortion. You know what I'm saying? If, if, if, if you obtain the storage unit, he owned it legally. Yes. Right. He did. He didn't make no threats or tell Roddy Rut, I'm gonna do X, Y, and Z. If you don't gimme 50,000, he just, Hey, this is the barter. Yeah, he did. And and he did get the Grammy back, but he ain't get them clothes back. And the the people that he sent to get, 'cause Roddy didn't go himself. He sent You know his peoples and he was like, he was like, well where the clothes at You know. And, And he know he can't wear Roddy sauce. Okay. From what I can tell, Roddy seems much smaller than me. You know people do this and then they sell these things online and they make more money. That's big.


How make his money Big? It's big business. Yeah. So they probably should have did a deal and say, I'll give you this much for the everything in the unit. Yeah. But the guy just bought the unit for two $80. I'm sure he didn't know what was in it. Who was in it. And then he just, it was just like Christmas. Christmas. Absolutely. But I been there. You can do that. I remember I had a ex, right? And he was like big playing with me. Crazy. Like cheating on me with strippers stealing from me to go gamble on everything. Right. Legend. So, yep. Right. So I did some legendary stuff. Mouth. No, no, no sir. I did something legendary. Right? So all his stuff, I, I changed my lots, right. So we couldn't get my house. All his stuff. I put into a storage And I didn't tell him where it was at. And it was auctioned off like months later. Everything, Jordan's, jewelry, everything that he owned that was in my house, I took it, put it in storage, didn't let him know where it was at. And it was auctioned off.


Legend. So we moving on. But how much was the jewelry worth though? Oh, it was real. He had a, he had a, a bunch of jewelry that I couldn't wear. You know, obviously it was chains sell. So why Would, why You keep it for Yourself. Sell. Yeah. Why did you sell it? Sell? Why'd you put it in auction? Why Would you just let somebody else just get it? Yeah. Come up off that. Maybe I was a little goofy I. Don't know. I was hurt. But he ain't get it. That was, that was the objective. He ain't it Justin. I ain't get it. He didn't get it. I ain't, I didn't care about that one. I'm just going back. He didn't it. That would've been smart if somebody told me to do it. But nah, I just didn't want him to have it. So that was that Cam Newton encouraged the little Wayne to drop a disc track. Now, yesterday we talked about Kendrick's new album and the song whacked out murals where he mentions Lil Wayne and some other people and Wayne shared a tweet after that.


We, we said basically he was like, man, what the after did I do? He said, don't wake the beat up, don't play with me. I don't want no problems. But it'll be some, during a recent interview of Cam Newton's podcast, he's begged little Wayne to drop to this record. I'm a fan of Drake. I'm not gonna give a si it is a backhand compliment. But after Kendrick and this beef, I look at Drake different. I don't think Drake has it in him to, to go to the places that he needs to go to attack Kendrick properly. He won't be able to do that with Dwayne Carter. Just for the appreciation of the art. Because Drake ain't capable. I wanna see Lil Wayne, Lil Wayne is this lil wake that mother up. You gonna let this motherfucker come into your mother city on mother February and you ain't gonna drop nothing.


I love Lil Wayne, but they better not gas Wayne. Yeah. That's crazy. They better not gas. Wayne A. Gay. Gay. I said gay Wayne has too much history. Yeah. There's too much dirt out there. It's too much to dissect. It's, it's hard to dissect somebody that really is nothing out about Kendrick. Well, Well also too, and listen, Wayne gets busy. Wayne is the top five mc of all time. But he don't want those problems with Kendrick right now because Kendrick has been doing the work on himself. So his breakdown of Wayne is going to be very different like the space that Kendrick is in mentally, spiritually, and emotionally. He is gonna break down Wayne in ways that a therapist would. He's and it's gonna be outta love. Like it is not, it's not even gonna be a, this is gonna be outta love. He's gonna break down how Wayne ushered in the era of defeats.


Oh My God. Because he did like let, like it is what it is. He's gonna talk about You know a lot of Wayne's traumas. He gonna tell us why Wayne only got three dreadlocks. It'll be, it would be, it be a lot of Pressure. It's five. Don't you Got more than three Dreadlocks? Five. But it would be a lot of pressure from coming from Wayne. I mean, coming from Kendrick. I'm just telling you it's just gonna be different. It's gonna be a different type of breakdown that he would do to Wayne. We don't want that right now. No, We don't. We don't. You said this yesterday, so, And Wayne gets busy, but I just, I've just never seen Wayne be surgical when it comes to You know, breaking a person down in a record. We've seen, we've seen Kendrick do that. But this would be outta love. It would be like meet the Grams almost.


And Not for nothing. I I I honestly feel like if Kendrick mentioned his name, Kendrick already got stuff already. Just in case. Just in in case. You Try to already be expecting somebody to come back. Yeah. And take what you said the wrong way. Yeah. Yeah. Because And where Kendrick is at in his life and what we hear in his music, we know he's ready to take Wayne. It's A healed person. Because, Because listen, somebody there, we, we, we love, we got mad love for Wayne, but we can't act like Wayne did not usher in the era of the fiends. There was a, there was an era when the best rappers were hustlers and then it was an era when the best rappers were fiends. Okay. And he ushered that in with them. Double cups. Yeah. It just is what it is. Yeah. And. I'm sure Kendrick had some ball ready for that.


That's What I'm saying. I'm sure Kendrick just got, he's just sitting in the cut waiting room. Oh My God. But that is just for the mess. For the first hour. It would be entertaining. But I wouldn't wanna say, I don't think it would be that entertaining. I, I like Wayne's legacy right where it is. Okay. Yeah, I do too. He, in my chapter Kenrick right now, You know that basketball game, you keep hitting the three like on fire, on fire. He's right now he's just on fire. He Just leave. That's just not a good matchup. Styles make fights. It's not a good matchup for where Kendrick is in his life right now. And, and You know how emotionally, mentally, and healthy he is. The, the breakdown he would do a Lil Wayne in a, in a, in a, in a loving record. 'cause it wouldn't even be a dis record. It would just be him breaking him down lovingly. We don't need that. I don't know if it would be loving, but he was definitely, they Wanna look up to him.


He said it. Yes. Kendrick looks up to him. But Yep. Nine. Well, when we come back, we got front page news, Morgan Wood will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's getting some front page news now. Last night, Monday night football Broncos beat the Browns 41 32. All right, now where we starting Morgan? We starting with the president. He has headed overseas and good morning to y'all. How y'all feeling? Morning. Good, good. Alright. Yeah. So President Biden, he's the first sitting president to visit the African nation of Angola this week. His trip is scheduled through the fourth and we'll begin with a meeting with the president of Angola at the capital of Luanda.


Now the White House says the goal is to deepen ties between the two countries and highlight recent US investments in the African nation. Now the US is supporting a railway project that will export minerals from Central Africa to the Ang part of libido. Biden was initially set to go to Angola back in October, but the trip was postponed because of Hurricane Milton and he stayed behind to respond to the aftermath of Milton. Now meanwhile, president elect Trump, he's headed to Paris this weekend and in a post on truth social on Monday, he said he'll travel on Saturday to attend the reopening of Notre Dame. The Notre Dame Cathedral, which has been fully restored after a devastating fire five years ago, he added that French president, Emmanuel Macron has done a wonderful job re ensuring Notre Dame has been restored to its full level of glory.


It'll be Trump's first he was elected to a second term in office last month. Also President-elect Trump's cabinet picks are making rounds with senators on Capitol Hill. Former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondy is Trump's nominee for ag. This comes after Matt Gates. The whole Gates situation. The Gates Gates situation happened. And of course she met with Republican senator Chuck Grassley in Iowa. Let's hear from them at the Senate Judiciary Committee. I hope that you feel the honor that you should feel for having this nomination from President Trump. I do Chairman, should I earn the, the trust and the, the nomination from all of the, the Senators.


I will do my best every day to work tirelessly for the American people. And I will make you the president in our country. Proud. Now, it is important to note that the Attorney General of the Ag is supposed to be a bipartisan position. It is. And it is a position that needs to be confirmed by the Senate. Now Grassley is the incoming chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee. And of course Trump has named over two dozen people to top positions in his administration. Now the latest is Cash Patel, who we talked about yesterday to replace FBI director Christopher Ray, who ironically is a Republican initially appointed by Trump back in 2017. Christopher Ray would, excuse me, Patel would be replacing Ray, which mean Trump would have to force him to step down.


Now Patel is the former Justice Department prosecutor. Alright, a again, California lawmakers are starting to starting a special session that would request at the request of Governor Gavin Newsom who says he wants to Trump proof his state. Now political analyst Mike Lurie says this is about optics as Newsom positions himself for a possible run in 2028. Let's hear from Mike Lure the political analyst on this. Newsom wants to expand his national profile and position himself as the anti-Trump. And it's worked in some ways. He's gotten lots of attention, including a big New York Times article, giving him the national press that he craves That. Yeah, so Lori goes on to say that Newsom has three problems right now.


California is a toxic brand with more than 800,000 people leaving the state since 2020. He also says that President-elect Trump is also more popular than Newsom nationwide being the, and the anti-Trump thing that he's doing, Newsom is doing. He said it's not necessarily a winning strategy. And he also went on to say that Newsom is asking for money when the state is facing a $2 billion deficit. So none of this is supposedly work going to work in his favor according to this political analyst. Now Newsom is asking the legislature for $25 million to fund possible litigation if the Trump administration enacts rules that impact California policies. Now I'm not sure if this is a good disbursement of resources considering that who would prosecute the forthcoming administration, especially when Trump is making all of these appointments and nominations.


So as you were talking about You know the Dems, rallying, trying to figure out You know what strategies are working. What are your thoughts on this? I I'll say one thing about Gavin Newsom and I, I, I think I said this before, but I enjoy his media strategy. Like You know, he's been going on Fox News for the past year. I think we all remember the debate he had with Ron DeSantis on Fox News. He's got his own podcast with Marshawn Lynch and, and Doug Hendrickson, which I think is very important because it's a way to build real connection and trust with people. And I, I like how Gavin Newsom makes everything. He's doing a story. We heard about him visiting counties that flipped red in California. Now we hear about him trying to trump proof California.


He knows how to make everything news. And that's something that all politicians who are thinking about 2028 they need to be doing now. Like, don't wait until 2026 to start your campaigns. You gotta start campaigning right now. And I think he's doing that with his media strategy. And I think him having that podcast politicing with Marshawn Lynch and Doug Hendrickson is very important. 'cause Marshawn Lynch brings like a just a certain level of of reason and and reality to it. Right? While, while, while, while Gavin is there talking politics, You know, I I think it's a very good podcast. I think, I think, I think everybody who wants to run in 2028 should have some have their own platform. I think West Moore should have his own platform. I think Josh Shapiro should have his own platform.


I think Governor Whitman should have her own platform. Like all of them should have their own platform. Gavin Newsom is ahead of the curve on that And exercise some of that unapologeticness like You know the president Nikki Haley. Nicki Haley, I was on her show last week. She's got her own radio show on SiriusXM. So all of these people who are gonna be in the mix for 2028 You know some of them are ahead of the curve. Like the Gavin Newsom's and Nikki Haley's. 'cause they, they, they got their own platforms. Right Now you're saying straight from the source farm to tape. That's right. Information. Right. That's what we want. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all. Happy Tuesday. Give Tuesday Kiss something.


Morgan Lewis behind y'all. Thank you Morgan. Oh, not yet. Not yet. But You know soon. Lemme get some, lemme get something from that. I got you as story Astoria. Got you. Ask me something from Astoria. Alright y'all have a good one. You too. You too. Now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Little scrappy said that moms are the emotional ones in a family or relationship. And dads teach their kids how to be solid. Let's listen. We gonna teach them babies how to be solid. But they dad, they mama the emotional person. Nah, You know what I'm saying? You, it is very rare that you have a solid complete mom all the way around. Sometime the daddy too.


But you got to tap in. Let the daddy do his thing, man. Them real good daddies. Watch your kids when they grow up. If they have a real good daddy in their life or a fa good father figure in their life, watch your kid when they grow up. Guaranteed they gonna be doing something great in they life. They going to be, they going have a balance. I'm telling you. Do you agree? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 less discussed scrappy saying that moms are the emotional ones and dads are the ones that teach their kids how to be solid. Let's talk about it when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It is topic time Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The.


Breakfast Club. Talk about it. Morning Everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Little Scrappy was online yesterday and he was talking about parenting a little bit and this is what he said. Who Gonna teach them babies how to be solid but they dead. They mama the emotional person. Nah, You know what I'm saying? You, it is very rare that you have a solid complete mom all the way around. Sometime the daddy too. But you got to tap in. Let the daddy do his thing, man. Them real good daddies. Watch the kids when they grow up. If they have a real good daddy in their life or a fa good father figure in their life. Watch a kid when you grow up. Guaranteed they gonna be doing something great in they life.


They going to be, they going have a balance. I'm telling you. Who gonna teach them babies how to be solid. But they daddy, they mama the emotional person. Nah, You know what I'm saying? You, it is very rare that you have a solid complete mom all the way around. Sometime the daddy too. But you got to tap in, let the daddy do their thing, man. Them real good daddies. Watch your kids when they grow up. If they have a real good dad in their life or a fa good father figure in their life. Watch a kid when he grow up, guaranteed they gonna be doing something great in their life. They going to be, they gonna have a balance. I'm telling you. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? And all those scrappy said that You know moms are the ones that are emotional ones and dads teach their kids how to be silent.


What's your thoughts? Start with you Jess. I mean I guess it depends on the situation. You know 'cause you got some dads that ain't silent. You know you got moms who, who already you got moms that's not that You know. Yeah. That has to do. And then there are dads that do both too. You know. You know. So it just depends. I think he more so speaking like from his situation I guess or what he's seen. But I agree with him. But it can also be the other way around as well. You know One of the biggest lies ever told is that women are emotional and men are rational f outta here. Okay. Men are just as emotional all if not more. And You know sometimes women can be rational, sometimes men can't. So You know that whole dynamic about You know, hey you need the father in the life.


'cause the father's gonna teach the son to be solid and not be emotional. That's just not true. And You know what, what you gotta teach people how to do is deal with their emotions. Men need to learn how to deal with their emotions. Women need to learn how to deal with their emotions. That's how you teach your child how to deal with their emotions. Because it sounds like a lot of times men, we be telling especially our sons to be emotionless and we don't want that, we don't wanna raise a generation of sociopaths 'cause we've already done that. Yeah. That's why so many of us are in therapy right now. Yeah. Dealing with, dealing with so many different traumas. So I don't like the, I've never liked the, the, the whole men are rational. Women are emotional thing because this just not true. Men are emotional as hell. Yeah. I don, I, I don't, I don't disagree with you when you say that, but what he's talking about as far as parenting are concerned.


'cause men are definitely just as emotional emotion or just as emotional as women. But I, I, I notice And, I recognize in when you parent your kids, women are usually more into the emotional side of a child than a father is. That's just what it is. I see it like even with, with me growing up when I had problems or there was anything that was affecting me, mostly I would go to my mom, right? Because my dad was more of the tougher skin. What it seemed. Same thing in my relationship with my wife. If my kids are having a problem when it comes to something emotional, they talk to their mom first. Like, because mom is more understanding, she's more patient. She'll sit there throughout the whole thing. I see that with parenting though. Yeah. Yeah. But whose fault is that though? Like, it shouldn't be like that. Like your kids should feel, be able to come to you about anything. To Both. I mean, they do, but, but mom is, and it is the truth.


Mom is easy to talk to. Mom is more patient. Mom is is, you Need to work on Yourself. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. A lot of people can't even recognize to do that though. Maybe, but You know. But it, it is also is, as a man, you're raised a certain way, right? So if your kid gets hurt, the first thing that usually thinks on, on a father's mind is not pick it up, you be all, you Shake it off. 'cause you don't want your kid to be out there in The World and have The World attack him and him not be able to, because The World is a very nasty and scary place, right? And you don't want your kid to be attacked out there in The World. So you teach a kid to be tough out there so that he doesn't think about suicide. He doesn't think about hurting himself. He doesn't let the comments of other people in social media hurt him and affect him. So as a father, you make sure that you try to make sure that your kid is strong enough to do that physically and emotionally.


Yeah, but the comments hurt you. No, you don't hurt me. Oh my God. Shut up. Mean the, oh, okay. Well, not you, the comments hurt. Most parents, the Comments do hurt. So how so how, how so you're lying to your kids. Where you Going? And, I mean and all right, so for instance, my dad, all right. So going off of what, what he's saying and what you just said. So my dad, I wasn't, I was more emotional with my mom, my dad still, he was very tough with me about things like when I was, when I would, I would go fight And. I would cry. I would lose a fight. And I would cry. He'd be like, no, go back out there till you whip her ass. Like that type of stuff. That same thing he did with my brother. That's tough love. Right? Now, my, my father, he didn't have his father. My grandmother, well my father kind of raised himself, but my, he, my, the only present parent was my grandmother.


And my dad is solid, you feel me? So it's like I get what he's saying for his situation, but it's different. My dad ain't had my dad most solid. I know. And he ain't, he ain't never had no father. And, I, And, I. Don't wanna raise my kids out. Fear. Yeah. And not love. And that's something that I learned in, in therapy. That's how I feel like I was raised by my pops. And it wasn't because he didn't love me, it was because he didn't want me to make a lot of the same mistakes that he made. And he, to Envy's point, You know, he's like, oh, The, World is tough and You know The, World gonna be hard on you, this and that. But you can still raise your kids with love and nurture empathy and nurture them and they still be solid. You don't have to have them fear you. Tough then. Yeah. You know what I mean? Fear you or tell 'em you gotta be tough and you gotta be hard in order to survive.


It's like, see, I see. I kind of disagree on some of that, right? So for instance, right? I remember the first time my daughter Madison, who's 23, she cried over a boy, right? Then they got into a thing and she cried in front of him and she spoke to her mom. And then she came and spoke to me. And I was like, you don't ever cry in front of no that, yeah, excuse my French. But the reason I said that is because I felt like you give somebody the power. That's just me the way I know. But you've Cried in front of your woman. We've been married for 30 years. It don't matter. That's, you tell somebody not to express their emotions. I Agree. But, but me and my wife are in a different relationship. A lot of times men will use the fact that you are crying and you are hurt against you. We've seen it 1,000,001 times. Or maybe you just like that Person, me and my wife, we've been together 30 years. Like it, it's, it's a lot different.


Or maybe you just Like a person. And at that point he had to cry. OIE was about to leave. That is true. That was true. Listen, you was, you was butt naked running out the psych ward. You was in the club DJing with the freaking nurse gown on and your ass out because of what you was going through. But you gonna tell your daughter that she can't be a, she can't have emotions. But that was my wife and this, and this was somebody that was a new relationship is totally different. No, not really. It's totally, yes, it is totally different. I'll tell you why. It's not different. It's not because humans are humans. Yeah, we are. And it don't matter what the relationship is. If you feel something for a person that's going to come out, like, I think one of the worst things we do to people is tell them to suppress their emotions. I, I really do. Like I. Don't not, I don't let people nasty place.


One of the first things your therapist gonna tell you is feel your feel. This world's a nasty place. And, I just wanna protect my kids from all of it. But let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this This's your boy man from Charleston? Man. Hey, What's man? 8, 4 3? What's happening? Right? I tell him, man, well listen, I, I agree with scrappy, but then I disagree with him at the same time, right? Because I've been raised in a single parent household just by my mama. And my mama really ain't never displaying no emotion. You feel what I'm saying? She just bus her ass to vibe and You know. So that right there was, she just instilling me. So I just got a real grinder mentality. But I did learn what not to do from my old man being absent.


You feel what I'm saying? So it just kind of You know. I, I agree. And I agree. Ann disagree with him. Alright. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's This? This Devon from Detroit. Devon. What up? Dope. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Good Morning. Good morning, envy. Good morning, Charlamagne. Good morning, Jess. Good morning. Peace. Peace. Peace. I feel like fatherhood is very important. I'm a single father myself. And just the lessons that I have to teach my daughter on a daily about conflict resolution and not the panic. You know she wouldn't have that because of that emotional side from her mom. It's just act once that emotion is up, they just act without reason. And I'm trying to get her outta that. Now she's seen.


That's just not, I just, that's just not true. And I don't know why men act like we don't do the exact same thing depending on what is pushing us in that moment though. No, we not what he said we h we not men resort to violence way more than women do. But we can't, we under much more scrutiny. It's a, it is a much more punishment for if we lose our control than if they do. I, I I don't agree. It depends, depends on how you lose your control. I'm just saying. I don't, I don't like when we act like human beings don't have emotions. Because that's what it sounds like. Men are emotionless and women have all the emotion. That's just not true. No, I I That that is not true at though. I, I don't think he was saying that. I think he was saying in parenting.


I think usually women are more emotional when it comes to a relationship, meaning a of parenting. Because they tend to their kids' feelings more. They have more patience. And, I think dads are a little different. I just don't have the patience When you say, I really I don. I just don't have that patience. So when Your daughter comes to you and she's crying over a boy and you say f that you don't cry with. No. Isn't that you showing emotion? Mm Yes. Yeah. You showed emotion. Emotion. Yes. You, you're super. But, but I'm also trying to tell her how to protect her heart. Just like when my, when I'm, my female friends come and talk about their man and they tell me the things that's going on. I tell 'em from a different angle. I tell 'em from an angle of I've been there or my friends have been there. And, I. Tell 'em what it is. It's not Do you tell 'em how do you tell 'em how y your friends was?


Trash? Yes. And they, that they needed to do a lot of work on theyself. Absolutely. So nine times outta 10, it's, it's not them. It's you. It was, you tell 'em that It's not her. It was them. It's not her. It was you. Absolutely. Oh, okay. Now, now if they don't, they don't. And half the time they don't wanna listen. But I tell 'em, all my friends like, yo, they trash. Like this is not the way to go. But most men are because You know what whatever. But that's what, and that's some whole stuff. Huh? That's some whole stuff. I'm be honest with you. That's like you, that's like you suing you mg I'm gonna be honest with you. Oh, that's what that, that's what that feel like You. know what I mean? But I'm, but you're right. I'm not mad at you. But Most women, well that's another conversation for another day. But 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss what scrappy dad. This is what he said. Let's listen. We going teach them babies how to be solid. But they daddy, they momma, the emotional person.


Nah, You know what I'm saying? You, it is very rare that you have a solid complete mom all the way around. Sometime the daddy too. But you got to tap in. Let the daddy do his thing, man. Them real good daddies. Watch your kids when they grow up. If they have a real good daddy in their life or a fa good father figure in their life, watch a kid when he grow up, guaranteed they gonna be doing something great in they life. They going be, they going to have a balance telling you It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about something a little scrappy said yesterday online about parents. And let's listen. We Gonna teach them babies how to be solid. But they, they daddy, they mama the emotional person.


Nah, You know what I'm saying? You, it is very rare that you have a solid complete mom all the way around. Sometime the daddy too. But you got to tap in. Let the daddy do their thing, man. Them real good daddies. Watch your kids when they grow up. If they have a real good daddy in their life or a fa good father figure in their life. Watch a kid when he grow up, guaranteed they gonna be doing something great in they life. They going be, they going have a balance, I'm telling you. So we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Ronnie. Hey Mama. How, how are you feeling this morning? I'm feeling well. Thank you. Can you hear me okay? We Can hear you clearly. What's your thoughts, mama? Okay. I'm a Covid widow.


I spoke to you guys last year when my son called in about chance. The rappers making smacking bumpies. I, I agree. I think it makes sense on the surface level, but when you go deeper, I can testify to the fact that it's not necessarily true. I was off at nine And I am now a Covid widow and a solo parent. And I. Think that connection when you're raising children. I think connections to both parents are necessary. However, you have a large segment of this population due to Covid and many other diseases who are being raised as orphans or parents who are on their own with the deceased parents.


That's not there to lend the other hand. And I think what matters the most is that people are healthy mentally, well, mentally healed whole spiritually. I think that it's important to look for churches and community organizations. My church, cornerstone Baptist Church has been instrumental and our healing, my family has been a part of introducing four bills into New York State legislation. One of them is named after my late husband. If, if you search fairness for fallen frontline workers, we're also on NBC. New York Hidden Pandemic.


We're also CNN orphaned by Covid. My sons are empowered to talk about the emotional aspect of their journey.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts. It's the guest, the party planning, and the true meaning for the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now's the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I mean, personally, I would just love one of those robo self-cleaning kitty litter boxes. Thinking about things I know that's real specific, but hint, hint. And here's a tip, write a list and execute early. Find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint, is about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. A State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


And what it means to have lost their father at an early age. But they also have learned how to give that pain and passion purpose by helping other people. And it's because of the positive aspect of both their father and their mother. Okay, well thank you mama, and appreciate the work that you're putting in. Nice. Thank you. And thank you just for, I spoke to you, I was right in the middle during your, just with the mess segment at the podcast festival. Oh yes. When I asked you for dating advice about where those things you said I was beautiful. I was so honored. Thank you so Much. Oh, you welcome. I remember. I remember. Yes. And thank you. And thank you Charlemagne for giving us tickets The first time last year.


We'll be doing it again. We'll be doing it again next year in April, the Black Effect Podcast Festival. So what's, Well, when's they go on sale? Because I need to do the meet and greet and this time all the kids are coming. I gotta talk to Dolly about that. But I soon, as soon as soon as we find out, we'll let You know. Thank you mama. And she's absolutely right. We need, you need both, man. Like absolutely. You need the perfect balance of man and woman. I just don't like when we act like one is emotionless and one isn't. Like You know too many emotional men. Hello. I work one. I'm emotional answer You emotional. Hey, this is Chris. Chris, good morning. What thought? New Jersey. Yeah, so I like what you're talking about, but at the same time you're correct. 100% You know we grow up as men trying to suppress our feelings and emotions and everything.


But our children nowadays, like you look at all the suicide rates and everything that's going on with the substance abuse and everything around the whole world. You know, suppressing our feelings is what is what got us in this situation. Us being more open and understanding is definitely what we need to do. That's right. We need to express our feelings and emotions, especially to women as well. Women You know they like a guys that can be open. You know that's how you, that's how you have a longevity. That's right. Okay. Well thank you Chris. Yeah, no problem. All right Brother. Alright. Well what's the moral of the story guys? I mean, the moral of the story is I think that we need to stop with these, these these stupid stereotypes. We need to stop profiling. Stop saying You know men aren't nurturing and men don't know how to deal with emotions.


And women do know how to deal with emotions. Here's the thing, my brothers, if you don't know how to deal with emotions, go learn how to deal with 'em. You. know what I mean? Yeah. Take your ass to therapy. You, I'm not I don. I don't be out here telling brothers they're investing they mental wealth for no reason. These are the reasons that I pushed those conversations. And, I pushed those narratives. Go out there and learn how to deal with your emotions. So you can not only be more nurturing You know for yourself. You can be more nurturing to your spouse. You can be more nurturing to your kids. Like I, I think, I think, I think if you got a problem You know, dealing with your emotions, then you need to go fix that. That's Right. And, I think everything is is perfect with, with balance in the relationship. Right. I think you need balance And, I. And I'm seeing if now you have a a young little baby and how, how, how are you and Chris gonna raise that little baby?


Oh my gosh. Balance. Balance. Because he is not a disciplinarian at all. You know what I mean? I am He's a hard worker though. Both of y'all are very hard Workers. Yeah, very much. Yeah. So I mean I, we got this, but he's definitely the opposite. Like You know he's And that's his baby girl. Y'all Get Ain't no discipline girl. When you a guy, it is hard. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. He gonna be a sucker for his baby real Bad. Like we all off our little baby girls. All right. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Oh My god. Sna Right? Serena Williams explained why she looked how she looked the other day. Damn. That's what she said. She said, they said she was bleaching the skin.


We'll, we'll talk about it when we come back. It The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. I want girl. Really want to get booed up since it's cold out. It's cold now. You. know What I'm saying? Well she did say that she was celibate until she find the one. Oh, okay. Okay. She You don't know You know. We don't know yet. She ain't update us. It Ain't warm no more. You can't brag about not having no, no man Now, okay, you need somebody to keep you warm. Well let's get to just with the mess. You real Jessica, Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't Nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The, Breakfast Club.


She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. Alright, so Serena Williams last week, she went viral for video that she posted with her husband while she was looking crazy. You know her skin tone was noticeably lighter. And this is the photo on the right is what it looked like. They're accusing her of bleaching, like they've been accusing me of bleaching for years. Yeah. They, they definitely, well you do be getting a little light. It'd be like you, you, you up and then you down. 'cause sometimes you look like you need concealer. Sometimes you look like you already got it. You know. But sorry, it's sorry. You still a beautiful man. Well, thank You Justin. After the backlash, she went to live to address the haters while she was doing her makeup and said that she, she was posting while she was in the sun at her after her daughter's play, she volunteered to be in the stage.


Basically. She said it was stage makeup. But we got the audio Haters out there. I do not bleach my skin. There is a thing called sunlight. And in that sunlight you get different colors. And if I'm not posting and re correcting my pictures and posting from my daughter's play that I was volunteering on and had stage makeup on. Yes. I'm calling you out on this because it is ridiculous that everyone's like, oh, she bleaches kid. I'm a a dark black woman. And, I love who I am. And I love how I look. And that's just not my thing. And if people do it, that's their thing. And they have every opportunity and they should. I don't judge. Yeah. Well we know people have been dragging her for years saying the same thing that she's been accused of.


I mean that she's been bleaching. This was one back in June that she took. She was, That's just a flash, right? Yeah. Huh? Outside. Oh, okay. I If somebody took a picture. That what I'm saying? That's the pictures. That's No, that's her. That's selfie. Aint You know Flash on the front of the phone. So is it the makeup? I don't freaking know That. It could be the makeup. Yeah, it is makeup. She says she's not bleaching. So it, it could be the makeup. She, but she just needs to get her shade. This is another one. Mm. So yeah, I'm showing them the picture y'all. But yeah. So what, what do you, what do you think you the woman in here? I just think that she, I, if she says she's not bleaching, we have to believe her. We have to take her word for it or we don't. But I just think that here, I don't think she's bleaching. I think she just doesn't Have the right color Needs her.


Yeah. She meets the dude conceal a complexion. Conceal. Conceal. Like she, you guys, she gotta go to like Mac or one of them and get them to find her. Her thing Pink Beauty has a shade finder on line. Shade. Shade. What's your shade? Charlamagne. Maybe She don't use spiny. This. I'm 50. Watch this. Jess, what's your shade? Charlamagne? I used to know. I don't know anymore what my, he lied. He Don't Estee Lord or Rich Coco? No, it's 5 7 9. No, whatever. What is six W one? I don't remember. I used to know. No you didn't. I did. Used to know at one point I did. Okay, well whatever. That's, that's what that is. All right. Rolling Stone's top 100 albums of 2024. So I think you was just going over this.


Beyonce came in number two with Cowboy Carter. Tyler got on here. Future Metro, Bowman, DOCI, Tyler creator, Kendrick Lamar, Gloria, well Gorilla, but Gloria Hallelujah. And Tim's Lotto. CashCo Bang cha boozy. Shout out to my guy. Schoolboy Q, sexy Red, And, I Spice. There's some other people on there, but those are the most important people to me. I don't have a problem with this list. I don't. So what is it you said top hundred albums of the year. Top 100 albums. I ain't listening to a hundred albums. This shit. God damn. Yeah, it's Not, it's not in order. They just saying it's the top hundred. It's not in order though, right? Yeah, that was in order. So Beyonce is the number two. Tyler came in number six, Tyler, not Tyler, to created Tyler.


And in Future Metro Bowman came in number seven. Mine would be Gloria. Yeah, because Gloria. Gloria, She was number 25. Yeah. Yes. Gloria Glorious album. That would be one. Gloria Kendrick Lama Kendrick is in number 21. Yeah, that Would be one. Who else You listen to? Tyler the creator. Tyler creator album though. He's number 17. I Ain't get the Tyler yet. Oh, Doce album. Doce Alligator. Never Hill. That would be in mine as Well. Butchy was number nine. Rapp rap Rdy not on there. Is she? She be on mine. Rap is not. Nope. But Vince, Vince Staples is, Vince Would be on mine. Absolutely. They keep telling me Wiz Kid album is dope too. I didn't hear Wiz Kid. It just came out recently. They said, they said Wiz Kid album is Dope. Okay. Common and Pete Rock. I know that's Oh absolutely that show on people's, that's number 98.


So that's what's up. Okay. L lo Cool J he released an album this year called The Force. The album wasn't on the list. Ironically, he just did an interview on Apple Music talking about people giving him the recognition he deserves. One day, I'm gonna say this with humbly, but I I really mean this. I think one day people are gonna wake up and realize that LL Cool j is the most important rapper that ever existed. I truly believe one day people are gonna say that they're gonna look and they're gonna say, wow, when it comes to the jewelry, this is the guy who introduced all the Diamond and the ice and the champagne. They're gonna say when it comes to the love songs, this is the guy who introduced the love songs and all the love when it comes to the Bad Boy vibe. They gonna realize, oh, this is the guy who in introduced all the rebellious bad boy vibes before it was was done.


When it comes to the goat terminology, they gonna say, yo, this is the guy who came up with the goat stuff. They gonna say when it comes to Def Jam. Wow. This is the first artist that was on Def Jam. Yeah. When it comes to the solo artists gonna say, wow, this is the first solo artist to take it way around. The World. Like, I could go on and on and on and on and on. He's Right. Drop you talk, drop on the two bombs for ll Absolutely. Positively. Right. He's not wrong in no way, shape or form. He is the first rap solo superstar. Yes. And he knows who he is. Clearly he knows. 'cause he said he's one of the most, well he said he's the most important rapper too, Dan, Whatever the modern day aesthetic is for Rap Superstar. LL Cool J was that I love that. In the eighties, one Of the first going to do acting and all that.


Like he's one one of the first. He's not Lying. Yeah. He and and You know it's sad if he don't tell his story, nobody will. Yeah. That's why it's beautiful that You know we got so many legends that are still alive to be able to tell their stories. Because if he don't say that, it's not gonna be said. Right. And you gotta put things in people's heads nowadays. Yep. That's Right. Because he, I I'm he's not Wrong. And that's why I said You know when he was up here, I would love to see a ll documentary, a movie talking about his life, how he came up and, and how he changed the game and all the things that he made and the moves that he made and all that stuff. He Is hip hop's first rap superstar. He is. That's just a fact. Yeah. Y'all are right. And I don't have any more arguments about that. It's just with a mess. Thank You Jess. Charlamagne, we giving that down too.


Four after the hour, we need President Joe Biden to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him. And then we gonna go to The Breakfast Club Court after. Man. Yo You know what's crazy. Biden probably like Thank you to that good brother Charlamagne for giving me the donkey of the day. He don't even know. Thank you So much. He don't even know. He don't even know. Just like what he put on that Trump hat. He don't know. Thank you. Thank you Charlamagne for giving me donkey of the day. He he loves me. Yeah, he loves me. That's showing love. That's how black people show love's. Right. All right, we'll get into it. Next is the Breakfast Local. Good morning America. America has a problem. Wade been overturned. They taken black jobs. The Supreme Court Has issued a ruling on the extent of presidential immunity from criminal prosecution. Shocking body camera video released today shows the deadly police shooting at it feels like my country doesn't stop me.


Charlamagne now is not the time to sit this one out. It's time for Donkey of the Day. America is a big reality TV show On The. Breakfast. Club. Would you rather have the black president or the white president a problem figuring out we're here Premier Trump and you ain't black. It's Enough. America Has a breakfast. Yes Donkey today for Tuesday December 3rd goes to President Joe Biden F First of all, drop on a cruise bomb for Taylor made it Damnit. Hey boy. Taylor be killing him. Intros don't she? She Cheated the intro yesterday. Oh crazy. Yeah, she just being there. High working. Go ahead Kevin. Please open. They wear like that out. She, she took you though. Now if you haven't heard President Joe Biden pardoned his son, hunter Biden. Hunter Biden was convicted by a jury in June of illegally buying and possessing a gun as a drug user.


He then pleaded guilty in September to nine tax offenses stemming from 1.4 million in taxes that he didn't pay while blowing bags on escorts scripts, cars and drugs. Lord have mercy drop on a clues bomb for Hunter Biden. Who do you think he is? Future. Let's go to CNN for the report please. The President issuing a full and unconditional pardon to his son Hunter After repeating insistently ins repeatedly insisting in public that he wouldn't do it and to defend his decision, the president adopted an argument that could have come straight out of Donald Trump's playbook. Blame your political opponents and claim unfair persecution. President Biden said this quote, the charges in his cases came about only after several of my political opponents in Congress instigated them to attack me and oppose my election.


The president adding quote, no reasonable person who looks at the facts of hunter's cases can reach any other conclusion that Hunter was singled out only because he is my son. And that is wrong. End quote, president Biden pardoning pardoning his son not just for the gun crimes for which he was convicted and not just for the tax crimes for which he pled guilty. Instead, Biden gave his son an extraordinarily sweeping pardon for any and all crimes he committed may have committed or even merely been involved in at any point in the last 10 years. You gotta cover up those things that happened in Ukraine. Just like anything else that happens in our society though, there has been mixed reactions to Biden pardoning his son.


Let me be the first to tell you I don't care. Okay? As I said yesterday, I don't care if he pardons his son. I just want Democrats to stop acting like they are on this moral high ground politically. When they have shown us time and time again, they are not okay. Stop acting like they're at a pure party and Republicans aren't. Because what happens in situations like this when you are always calling someone else out, people expect you to be perfect. And in politics we know nobody is perfect. So the least we should realistically expect you to be is better. And Biden pardoning his son for crimes that he actually committed isn't showing they are better. And You know who's to blame for that? Joe Biden. Joe Biden and his administration. Okay? Because once again, like they tend to do, they volunteered a lie.


President Biden, nobody would care about you pardoning your son. If you didn't say over and over that you wouldn't pardon your son, okay? Nobody would care about you pardoning your son. If you didn't have your press secretary, KARE Kare John pare constantly saying that you wouldn't pardon your son. You are the one who said you would never pardon your son because you have a respect for the rule of law. Okay? The reason you are getting this backlash is because Democrats always want to act like they stand on this moral high ground. I see all these folks comparing Biden's pardons to all the folks. Trump is pardoned and You know the difference. Trump is unapologetic about it. He pardons his people, gives them jobs in his administration and he doesn't explain it or act like he's above doing it.


Meanwhile, this is what you and your press secretary have sounded like every single time you were asked if you would pardon your son. Is there any possibility that the President would end up Harding his son? No. Well, is there I I just said no, I just answered One. Would the President pardon? Or commute his son if he's convicted? So I've answered this question before. It was asked of me not too long ago. Couple of weeks ago. And I was very clear. And I said no. You said before the President would not pardon his son. Is that still the case? Nothing has changed. That is still the case. And have you ruled out a pardon For your son? Yes. I said I abide by the jury decision. I will do that. And I will not pardon him. I could speak for the president and he said he would not pardon his son.


Does the President have any intention of pardoning him? We, we've been asked that question multiple times. Our answer stands, which is no Man dropping a clues bombs for Kareem John Fre. Boy, she's so tired of lying for y'all white people. My God. Nah. I know folks are saying Biden changed his mind and you have the right to change your mind. Sure, I agree with that. But I was reading an article on CNN this morning and it said multiple officials who recently worked for Joe Biden said they never believed the president, our White House aide, speaking on his behalf. When they insisted in recent months that a pardon for Hunter Biden was off the table. A former senior West Wing Aid said anyone who was even close to the top knew that he was probably going to do this.


So why did we pretend otherwise? That's what us inquiring minds want to know President Biden. And that's the reason you are getting backlash about this. You said in your statement that you just came to this conclusion over the weekend. Yeah. Right. According to CNN's sources familiar with Hunter Biden's legal strategy said he would've never agreed to plead guilty in September to all nine charges in the federal tax case, exposing himself to the possibility of 17 years in prison and more than $1 million in fines without the expectation of clemency. So once again, Joe Biden and the Democrats, why act like you're above doing any of this? Democratic representative Greg Stanton of Arizona said that while he respects the president, I think he got this one wrong.


This wasn't a politically motivated prosecution. Hunter committed felonies and was convicted by a jury of his peers. I agree. He committed felonies and was convicted by a jury of his peers. But he got a daddy who's pretty important and that daddy isn't gonna let him go down. Okay? Once again, I'm not mad Joe Biden part this son. I just wish Democrats would stop being cowards and stand on whatever business they're choosing to stand on even though this decision is very self-serving. Okay? And that's the other thing. Some of you liberals are out there spiking the football, acting like this is some sort of lick back. No, knock it off. Okay? This doesn't benefit anybody except the Biden family. And it's not a lick back. If you think it's a lick back, that's a false equivalency. Okay? You lost the election.


Alright? Trump is in control of all three branches of government. Hunter Biden being pardoned. Nah, it's not the same. Okay, that's not a look back. Get the heck outta here. All right. I wish that Democrats in the administration also wouldn't be anonymous. Whoever told CNN that, I wonder if there was a way to be less righteous about it and more like we're not spending our time thinking about that. The same aid that I mentioned before said there were multiple ways Biden could have left the door open to a pardon rather than ruling out its possibility altogether. It's really that simple. The backlash wouldn't be so intense if you hadn't been so adamant about not pardoning pardoning him in the first place. Please give President Joe Biden the biggest, he all, And also Joe President Biden, I have a way that you can change the narrative.


Okay? You about to be out, you really wanna shake things up. People are questioning your legacy. To me, your legacy will always be tied to the 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act. Or that that Well, yeah. The 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act in the 94 crime Bill, you are the proud offer of both those bills. So how about, pardon? Everybody in federal prison for a non-violent we defense, we've been saying that for a couple of years. That would be something interesting that would get everybody talking about something else. Yep. And you don't care. You about to be out. And you should do that for your legacy because of those, the 8 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act because of the mandatory minimum citizen, it's people still in prison. Yeah, because of, because of, of laws that you implemented, because of the 94 crime bill.


There's people still in prison because of laws you implemented. So how about, pardon? Everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent weed offense? It don't make no sense to me that weed is damn near illegal in most of the country. Yeah. Whether recreationally or medicinally. I think I said that word right? Medicinal. Medicinal. All right. Supposed but either way. Well, I own a dispensary either way, but my point is, God bless America. That's right. That's right. I don't even gotta not be able to pronounce it to own it. But my point is, pardon? Everybody in federal prison for a non-violent, we defense. Yeah, you really wanna shake things up. Yeah, I agree with you. Well, thank you for that donkey. Today we opening up the phone lines. Let's open up the phone. People's opinions. Eight D Dr. Will say 5 8, 5 1 0 5 1 You. know what the TURs mean though. What disturbs me but really Bother me.


It don't matter what you just said. Disturbs the TURs. Okay. You know disturbs Me. We understand each other. We don't gotta pronounce things correctly. Who cares that we on the radio, that's as A bird. What pisses Piss? What disturbs you? Man, if there's a Lot of people out there, just think about it like this. Let's think about if you had a gun charge and you gotta serve three years. Yes. And you look at this, this white boy, right? That's going home. It ain't even that he white. He had prostitutes. He had allegedly crack and cocaine. Allegedly. Good time. Come on. Tell me some more about this. Good time. This man was After, did this thing overseas with the Ukrainians. Yeah. Right. And he had a gun charge and he going home before Christmas. Well, guess what? And. I got a gun charge my first time. And. I gotta sit here for three Years.


Well, your daddy should have made better choices. Your daddy should have been president. He could have got you off. Okay. I Thought the Democrats were for The people. That's the whole point of the Don here today. His people. That's ed up. It is. Well, is it, is it Ed up or is it just business? Well, if the president, it's just business people. Just family business. What you saying? All right, well let's open up the phone lines. Let's Discuss. (800) 585-1051 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Steady calling my phone. Calling my phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you're just joining us, Charlamagne gave Donkey the today to Joe Biden. Yes, the president, Joe Biden You know he pardoned his son. Hunter Biden. I, I, I don't care. That's what I expect. You know people in those positions to do. But it's the fact that he just, why volunteered. A,


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we are here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has some amazing gifts, like an eye massager and perfume sets and hairstyling tools for the person in your life that just needs a little bit of self care. This is a time to be joyful and around friends and family and people you care about and love. So don't stress. Go to Amazon, they have everything. Find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon dot coms slash Black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company.


I like why constantly say, I'm not gonna pardon my son, not gonna pardon my son. Why act like you're above doing something like that? I hate that moral, that fake moral high ground that Democrats You know. Well, lemme Ask you a question. Do you think they did it for election time? Just like You know saying, well, we gotta look this way for elections and then after elections then we can figure it out. Same thing with Governor Hoko did with the You. know the congestion pricing in New York. You know You Know what? I just feel like they do it into election. And then then go back to their usual Self You know You know who don't care. Donald Trump. He don't. And You know that's what, that's what constantly makes him look so human. 'cause what makes you look more human than saying I'm pardoning my son. I know my son is a, a dummy. I know he's an idiot. I know he got a Dr. A addiction. I know he got problems, but If he done did it before the election, your son that allegedly likes coke, crack, prostitutes, guns, did deals with you crazy.


This Is America 2024. I feel like I can relate What's up? Yeah. What's happening to say all that other stuff in the beginning? It's like, all right. All that though. Yeah. I mean that's him You know what I'm saying? You wanna kill yourself, do that You. know what I mean? You Got an album coming out to me. Right, right. Prostitutes. That's cool. That's fine. It's 2024. That's my point is who cares? This is my thing Joe Biden, you don't have to say nothing when you're asked these questions, you'll be like, man, I'm not thinking about that right now. We got more pressing issues. Right, right. Like you, you already know you got the power in your back pocket. The the the grant him this. Pardon? So why even make it an issue? Yeah. Like you don't have to say nothing when you're asked about this. Tell your press secretary. She don't gotta say nothing. I don't have no comment about that.


We got other things to deal with. Yeah. And then when the time comes, you pardon him and you keep it moving and you be unapologetic about it just like Trump is. Let's go to the phone lines. We got Tiffany on the line. Tiffany, good morning. What's your thoughts? Yeah, I was just gonna say, I'm not even mad at him. Like Charlamagne said, if, if you should have picked your better daddy or, or your daddy should have made better choices if my daddy had the power to do something hard to me. All right. Thank you Tiffany. Could you imagine that mom, that your son just got locked up for a gun charge? You see this other man's son get free after having nine More charges saying you gotta stop saying that. There's context of this. That other man's son is the president of the United States Ofer. His daddy is the president of the United States of America.


It's not the same. He Don't know he the president though. Let's go to the phone lines. We got Chris on the line. Chris, good morning. Yo. Hey, what's up man? What, what's your thoughts, brother? Hey, look man, my thing is, is though bro, I'm not really into politics at all. But I feel like Joe Biden honestly should give power up to Kamala Harris. And I. Think he should Go ahead. Pardon? Everybody with a nonviolent legal weed charge on him. Pardon? Everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent weed offense. I agree. I think it's like 10,000 people. I saw Nina Turner post that number yesterday. I think it's like 10,000 people who are in federal prison for a non violent weed defense. Pardon? Everybody. Let 'em all out. Kenny, good morning. What up man? How y'all doing this morning? How you feeling? Kenny? Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Pretty Good. Okay. I got a question, man. I mean, when Fresno Obama was running here, this whole thing about black man step up and everything and the sisters was, they was backing them up You know what I'm saying?


The fact they were r Kelly and when Oprah boy Dale came, did the interview, they throwing brother under the bus like punk and everybody else. But they don't come out with things like, this happened with Joe Bike about our community. I think the sisters got a, a huge influence on our community and they just not stepping up about things like that, they just throw the brother on the bus. I don't know how you find a way to blame this on black women. I, don Dunno, I don Dunno. What's up, bro? Like, let's talk, let's have a conversation. What's up, bro? How, how, how? I'm just saying they quick to come to the, these other men's defense on everything else, but when it's the brother fight puffy, they throw on the fence or something. Bus every single day. Oh, I see what you're saying. So, so, so I see, I see what you're saying. So you're saying you want to see more sisters pressing Joe Biden about this is what you're saying?


Exactly, Man. I mean, Alexis, they act like this is the best thing going since fight bread. And now it comes down to this. They like, oh well it's just another thing happening. I mean, it gotta be some form of accountability somewhere. I get it. I get what you're Saying. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Charlemagne gave Joe Biden president Joe Biden donkey the other day. We're asking what's your thoughts and we'll take your phone calls when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic times. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now just joining us, Charlamagne gave donkey the day to President Joe Biden, President Joe Biden for doing what Democrats constantly do, which is volunteer lies. I don't have a problem with him pardoning his son. I just, I understand why he's getting all the backlash because he constantly said and had his press secretary out there constantly saying that he wouldn't pardon his son. That's right. So we're asking what are your thoughts, Stephen? A Smith spoke out about it. And this is what Stephen A. Smith said yesterday, Because when you pardon your son, going back on your word telling the American people, there was no way that you were going to part of him when everybody and their grandmama knew you were lying but didn't hold you accountable for it.


And now you've confirmed what people believe that you were probably gonna be lying about that very thing that you said you wouldn't do for your son. All you had to do was say, he's my son. I can't let him go to jail. What's the matter with y'all now? You've brought more skepticism in the direction of the Democratic party. Why? Because you show you're no different than the other side, which you were accusing of everything. And it's really just that simple. If you're accusing the other side constantly than you have to be better than the other side. But things like this show that you're not better. So why act better? That's right. Why do y'all constantly act like you're standing on this political, moral high ground?


Why do y'all volunteer these lies? Because that was part of the attack with Trump, that he's not a good person. That he only looks out for his own people. He's gonna free all these people. So they can't, you can't free your son and then talk all the negative things about Trump when they're just the same. You're human. I'm a human being. You a human being. You a human being. Jess, are you not gonna look out for your people? Yes. Okay. Hello. Who's this? It's Trash from Jacksonville. Hey, what's up brother? What's your thoughts Man? I'm a father of six. Two boys, four girls. Joe Biden had 40 years in office serving all of us and doing what's, it took him that long to understand that his family was most important. So that's what he had to take care of. He's 80 years old, man.


He gotta lookout for his family, man. He ain't about to die him in, in, in, in, in his son in prison. Come on man. I'm gone. Well, you're wrong about him being he, he, he, yes. He's been in, he's been in, he's been in politics for that long, but he's ruined a lot of families because of legislation. Like the 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act, which introduced mandatory minimum sentences for, for, for crack cocaine and the 94 crime bill. He's the proud author of those bills. So he ruined a lot of families with that type of legislation. So once again, how about, pardon everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent weed offense, Joe, right? That would be something interesting to do before you walk and it would help your legacy, which is in shambles right now.


It's In shambles. Let's go stay in shambles. Hello, who's this? Good morning. This is vla. How Are you guys? Good morning, Vlad. What's your thoughts? I, I, I think that You know you guys are insane for giving him donkey of the date. You gotta remember, this man's the father. This man stood next to him through all these trials. Every, they kept throwing third at him, stood next to him like a father tried to do the press, the right thing. He voted people that have no scruples. The why not my bad. I mean, can I ask you, can I ask you a question? Why not? Go ahead, Brother. Why did I give him donkey today? You gave him donkey today for not sending to saying You know. I promise that I wouldn't give him a part. Yeah, that's the be so, so it's like, why say anything?


You're the, you don't have to say anything. You don't have to volunteer that lie over and over and over and over and over. And then tell us, you just came to the conclusion this weekend that you're gonna pardon your son. Come on, bro. But look what we did this November. We said, well, democracy is important. We decided to vote in, we said You know why the hell with democracy? My pockets are more important. We, we gonna vote here criminals, People getting hey, one has, no one has nothing to do with the other. What you're talking about is a completely, totally different thing. It is recognizing the error that we're living, that we've set up this political structure. We, we said, how would all that decency, this man does qualifi himself from being president.


We said, hell with that Doesn't matter. Let this man be a father first. He looked out for his son. We're supposed to be carrying up our people hurt. Instead of criticizing him for, for pardoning his son, we should say, Hey, go a step further. I I'm not, I'm not criticizing him for pardoning his son. I'm criticizing him for volunteering to lie and continuing to bring more scrutiny, scrutiny and skepticism to the Democratic party. America already clearly doesn't trust them. That's why they're not in office right now. Like, that's why they don't trust the Democratic party. The Democrats always volunteering lies. You know. No, it's not tell about them when that's a a lot of reason why she didn't win. But what they, but what he's doing right now, he's living in the area that we living in.


We are in that effort. Let's, this is what we doing, so let's do it. I'm actually happy that they found his and said, You know what? We just going to do what we do. It's too little, too late. They should have showed this type of political will and political courage way before the election. If they was doing things like this way before the election, then American people might have had a different perception of them. Yeah. This is the part of the reason why people don't like politicians. This is part of the reason why people say both f both, both candidates at the time because they don't trust and they don't believe. Right? You look at somebody who said they wasn't gonna pardon their son and they were gonna let the law and the, and and the judge handle everything and he was gonna stand by it and he did the total opposite. And the problem with that is, is like you said earlier, Charlamagne, this man has signed a bill where so many people are still in jail that he can get out.


He can pardon those people that have a non-violent weed. We offense Federal and and Federal nonviolence And let mountain, and these people can be with their family. These people, yes, they did sell drugs. Weed is legal now. There's nothing violent about it. Your son did a lot of, of of things like, I mean, bought, purchased a gun. I mean illegally. The drugs, the the prostitutes a allegedly did deals with Ukraine, things that 1.4 million in taxes he didn't pay, right? So, God, So the fact that You know, we see you do that for your son, which we all understand as father, but it's like, don't sit here and and make it seem like you guys are holier than th when you just like the other side, Just like the other side. Marilyn Mosby could use a pardon right now. That's right. Yes. You. know what I'm saying? Pardon? Marilyn Mosby.


Pardon? Everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent weed offense. That's that, that's what he should be doing right now. 'cause right now his legacy is in shambles. But I've never been a fan of Joe Biden. So all Right. Obviously, well we have Justin the mess coming up, But it's only because of things like the 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act and the 94 crime bill. Those things ruined black, black communities. Yeah, That's What the mess coming up. What we talking about? Some Bitches be dumb. Yo, I'm gonna tell you all about it. Damn. Yeah, it's crazy. Alright, well we'll get to it next. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


She don't nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Okay? So Drea Michelle had the cops called on her by her ex Tyro Taylor, who pleased for the Jets. All right, so earlier this year Dre filed court documents recently saying that he called the cops to have her and her three kids evicted from the house that they used to share. And Callie on November 20th. Dre's nanny called her while she was outta town. She wasn't even there when the sheriffs came to evict her and her kids. The nanny was there with the kids and she didn't even notice she was being evicted from the house.


Later on, Dre's attorney found out that Ty had filed for eviction through the company which owns the house, which is his own LLC. It's his own company. And he won the eviction lawsuit that he, that he had swar her. So look, backstory, she was with this guy that's not the guy that she's with now this, this, she was with this guy and they bought a hou, he bought a house for her and her and her kids moved in there or whatever, right? And so she made a verbal pact with him. This is, these are her words. She made a verbal pact with him to say, all right, whatever I do to the house, 'cause I plan to buy it and I'm living here 'cause I'm your girl that goes toward the sale. Like when I buy it from you. He said, all right, cool. So come time for her to buy it or whatever. I guess they not You know, not together no more. She wanna buy it 2.8.


He said, no, I want 3.8 for it. So she was like, all right, back cool. I guess he didn't expect for her to agree like she ain't had a bridge or so or nothing like that. She want the house. He just went MIA like no, he agreed to actually set it, sell it for that. 'cause that was his wager, right? She said, yeah, I'm gonna buy. He was like, no. So she still thought that she was able to stay, at least stay in the house until they figure out like the process like all right, is he gonna let me buy it? Like what's going on on with it? Right. But while he, while they was trying to figure it out, he went to go file to have them evicted. Right. Because clearly her name wasn't on nothing. Her name was on nothing. And, and all this is a verbal pact. Drea, you've been doing this long enough, like to know doing what?


Ain't no what she doing. Okay. You know So no having Been tricked on Her, NA yeah, you need your name on this like this. Like come on girl. Yeah. You can't even call it yours if your name ain't on it. You can't, you can't say he bought this for me. No you didn't boo. And you can't prove a verbal pact in court. So unless You know the person come clean and be like, yeah they, we said That Imagine telling the judge that we pinky swore on it. But I didn't know. I didn't know in California you could kick somebody out like that. 'cause usually if you've been in that house for a certain amount of time, you're an occupant. You are an occupant. It takes a long time to get out that house. Yeah, that's why he went to go file for eviction with, but she didn't know. So she wasn't, she couldn't be served like she, she had no idea she was out of town. She was moving, she traveled, she just had a baby.


It's a lot going on. So that's why she wasn't even there when they came to evict her in the KC. So he just won't, by default he won that by default. So where Where they, where'd they go? I got, She got a new bay now though. Yeah, she got a new baby used to and a new baby. Yes. He just sound like a $200 million contract now. That's the thing. Something Crazy. Now this is the thing, she probably did a lot of work to that house 'cause a lot of people could say, yo Dre caked up, she can live. The guy she with now can buy as many houses as she want. Correct. Right. Leave that situation alone. But I think she did so much work and put so much work into the house. 'cause she probably planned to buy the house from a mom along You, know what I'm saying? Or the kids are in school in that district and they wanna stay in that and stay School. This is our home. You get what I'm saying?


So I think it's, I think it's more than that. You know. I just, I think that she put a lot of work into it. They're comfortable it, it's a home You know. So she didn't just wanna up and leave. But I mean Andrea Is house fine, let's be for real. Yeah, but You know you gotta, when I mean house fine. Meaning that You know somebody, she fine enough that somebody will buy her house. Absolutely. But you just gotta make sure that her name is on the lease next time. Absolutely. There's whole name and that's for all women out there You. know what I'm saying? If a guy gonna do something like that for you, make sure that You know your name is on the lease. Yeah. And Then it's yours. That was so dumb to me. All right. Now listen Tory, Kelly and Fantasia. So there are current reports that Tory Kelly originally was supposed to get the song When I see you, Fantasia's biggest hit right now, a former manager for Tory Ross posted on IG with the caption and the reason Fantasia out her everything.


Oh look, this Tory cross come on now you talking About Singer Tory Kelly? Yeah. Who wrong? Yeah, but she ain't got that season. But She was young. That Fantasia. I know, I know. But now if you listen to the lyrics to saying but yeah she definitely not a Fantasia. Like she Yeah but but the thing is she was 11 when she sung it. But the lyrics matched the age she was when she sung it, they, it was played for both of them. It was sung by both of them. And I. Guess the better one. Got it. Actually did That. Thank, thank God Fantasia got The record. Yeah. I don don't say thank God I don't wanna hear no 11-year-old singing that record. But yes you do. But listen to When I see you. What in kindergarten? Just yeah, I scribbled X and Os on my Notebook. I picture a picture on my mirror. I start to blush when somebody see your name at 11.


I see, I see you walk in my direction. I go the other way. You doing this at your big age Fanny? Yes. This really? Yes. Okay. That. That's what they saying. I start to stutter when I speak. I mean that's what you do anyway. But I'm saying like damn, if you're not already a stuttering person, I think that Fantasia was perfect for that record. I start to stand but my knees go weak On your notebook. You grow. She doodles. Y'all don't doodle, y'all don't journal. You walk around with no notebooks. Yes. About a nigga. If I one you listen one, listen, Listen, listen. I lay my head on my pillow staring out the window. Wish on a star for a sign. You know the reason why you wishing on the star for a sign. What's wrong with That? Yo, shut up All yo scribble X and O.


Where's your notebook? Where you at? You not in school. I scribbled X and Os on my notebook. Check in how my hand, my nails look all I get that Y'all do y'all have the Tory Kelly version? Yes. Huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah we do. We got it. Look real quick. Hold on, hold on. I get nervous when you call. So I say I'm not home. All I hear is a negro spiritual. Them them, them Words Gospel. No. Alright, go ahead. Let's hit picture. When somebody my stomach direction, I start, my knees go away. It's happening. Me Not coming back over here for Thanksgiving dinner.


The food ain't season right? Nope. No it do give like kiss B do a little bit. I ain't with it. Like come on say Sexy boy Pillow. That's the reason why I guess childish the rest of our life. You know why nobody paid attention to it being childish lyrics because she can sing so good I. Don't think there's nothing childish about nothing. She said You are a child y'all. That's the point. So Chris, pick chain on your mirror right now.


No, it's not on my mirror. You don't blush when you hear Chris's name. See what I'm saying? No, what I'm saying there was a bunch of Christmas outta hat man. So we can't Like no. Whoa God. Lord. I had a Chris before Chris Brown. Chris Brown. I got a Chris now it's like no, no, but you Don't Got no book notebook. No And. I don't need a picture on my, I see this man every day. Lord. I could see if he was in the service or something. When you lay the service, we the truck driver same damn distance. When you lay your head on the pillow, you don't stay out the window. I don't wish On no star bro. You should try. What is wrong with you? You must, you should. What's wrong with wishing on a star? Nah, you, you're right. I guess old you.


I get, yeah. 46, 47. Oh 46. He Sits in the bed and looks at the star. Is that What you do at night? Wishing on the Star. Wishing on the star. I do Look to the somebody land right next to you. Y See y'all be looking at your phones all the time. Y'all be looking down. I be looking up. I look up And. I say thank you God. I prayed to the sun, I prayed to the moon. I prayed to the stars. Yes. Try it sometimes. No I'm blessed. We're not talking about, talking about wishing About the same difference. They were blessed sir. You Right. That's right. Okay. That's Right. Well that's it. That's just with the math star. There's a lot of people who have wishing on the star songs too, by the way. Yo, Good boy. Beyonce, right? Who's the other One was Joint was the Old. I like that. Lemme say Roy Song.


That's right. Try it. I got You. What's, who's saying that? We'll see. Alright, well that was the throwback talk and this morning. All right, now everybody else, the people starts mixes up next at The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. You gotta send up a a birthday salute to your girl. It's her birthday today. Who? Girl. Tiffany Haddish. Oh it is December 3rd dropping the close bombs for big Tiff, man. Yes. Happy born day Tiffany. She Shares her birthday with Trina. Lo baby JT and Monte Jordan. Oh, you see those two great people? Yes. Now, now, now. Right there. Now you talking about some people who mean a lot, the black people. Okay. Trina, JT and Monte Jordan.


Yo, what about this is how we do it for that. Yesterday somebody told, Somebody said that to me. I don't, I don't know. Not as big as can't Touch this. Yeah, it's big but it wasn't, Yeah, not as, can't touch this but this is how we do it. It wasn't a cultural phenomenon. No. Nah. Hit record though. Yeah, it wasn't Record. Hit Record. Still a hit record clap. Yes it is. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club of mine and parents out there. Elves on the shelf. Should be out every day right now. It started December 1st. So if your elf on the shelf didn't make it out in your house right now, there's a problem. So just make sure the elf on the shelf are out and if you need an excuse, they are actually helping the Santa make the presents.


Salute everybody Who has a elf on the shelf? Man, I, I'm, I can't get into that. I saw an elf on the shelf thing the other day where somebody had a I, don't even know what that is. They put plastic over the toilet and then poured the fruit loops on top of the plastic and then put the elf on the shelf there and said something like, I couldn't find, I couldn't find any other bowl. And I'm like, what's the point of It? Yeah. So what, what is it? What is it yo, What that mean? Well, the ELs on the shelves, they, the elf is for the kids in the house and they watch the kids in the house to make sure the kids are doing what's right and they report back to Santa so that the kids could get gifts. So the elves do all types of crazy things. Like this morning when I woke up, my elves were playing Uno in my house. You know sometimes they'll be cooking, sometimes they'll be pooping in the toilet. Sometimes they'll be You know whatever it may be.


But so this is A Hispanic thing? Like this is a No, this is Clearly Dominican Thing. I swear I've never grown up with Elvis. This is new. This is not, no, this is new. I didn't grow up with it either. Okay. None of us did. But this is new and this is what happens now. Okay, I'll tell you what else I'm never doing lying to my kids about no damn. Oh right. Santa is red. I work too hard. You got a positive note, sir? Santa Claus is not real. Yes it is. You got a positive note Before that. That's the positive note right there ain't no Santa Claus. My you right. January 11th I will be in Kaba Zone or Cab Zone California Morongo at Morongo Casino. This is my first time doing this, so I do not know how to pronounce y'all city. But get the tickets y'all ja official.com. Get your tickets.


You got a positive Note, sir? I do. The positive note is simple life is a matter of choices and every choice you make makes you so make good choices today so you don't have regrets tomorrow. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club, bitches, You. know y'all finish or y'all done.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, game screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done. They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these, these slide slip hoodies. I, I don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch and this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also sent me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans. Got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime. We might put on a few extra around the holidays. How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He's like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes, wearing 'em with shorts. Wear 'em with jeans. Wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em. Just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough. So do yourself a favor and hit up travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.