
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings. Designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlamagne the God peace to the planet. It's Monday. Hey, Good morning To you. Yes, it's Monday. Back to the work week. How you feeling? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here for another day to serve our Beautiful listeners, man. Happy holidays. The one in all. Absolutely. How you feeling, Jess? I feel good. My son got his braces. Oh, He's happy. Yeah. It actually did not hurt like he thought it was well, and like I thought it was the next day he was good. He's not able to bite all the way down. 'cause he had to get the bite ramps. 'cause Ash had underbite. We had an underbite.


So yeah, he wasn't able to get his bottoms yet. But You know how it is sometimes, depending on how jacked up your teeth are, you gotta get the tops first and then the bottoms later. Or the bottoms first and the tops later. So him and Aya, my sister walking around like twins and they, they, they twin painting, but they look good. My son look good with his little brace. There Go. You better than me go. I couldn't do two, I couldn't do 48 hours with them damn braces. I had to get get'em taken off crazy. Them things hurt too bad. Yeah. I had braces for like five years for real. Damn. Okay. Five years as a kid, I got called every name if possible brace, face, metal, mouth, you name it. Yeah. Every, everything you could possibly think of. I was called, but it was, it was a Robo Mouth is crazy. I never got called Robo Mouth. I never even heard of that. Yeah. What is that? That's some fantasy you have or something.


Okay. Alright. Well You know what I, You know what I did this week And I did the tourist thing. Okay. My wife wanted to take the kids to go see the Rockefeller tree. Nice. So then we went to Bryant Park, we went ice skating. We looked at all the stores and all the decorations and all that. And we stayed in traffic for like three and a half hours. I bet. Doing it. Yeah. It was, that's crazy. It was horrible. Everybody was sleeping And I had to drive into the city and out to the city. We looked at the stuff for like 10, 15 minutes. That's crazy. And then went back home. I went to go see Wicked. Oh, did you like It? I was, I, I fell asleep. I told you. You know what Long? No, it's not that even. 'cause it's long. It just was, it was a Friday and it was one of those things where I was still kind of working. So my family went before me. So I went to go meet them in there. So I already had missed like 35, 40 minutes.


You thought you was good And then I ain't know it was a musical. You Ain't know that. Nah man. I gotta be, see I like musicals on Broadway. I don't really care for musicals and movies, man. You gotta tell me that it's a musical if I'm sitting down in a movie theater. Yeah. Well if it's Cynthia Arrivo and Ariana Grande, you could definitely predict that It's a musical music musical. No, no. I never, I didn know it was a musical. No. Oh, okay. I had no idea. Yeah. So, But it was good though. I mean, how do You know if it was good if you fell asleep? I mean, I fell asleep but I was watching it. I was in and out. The Story of it felt good too. And it was gonna be a sequel. Yeah. Oh it has to be. Yeah. I mean, the way it ended, I mean, but like I said, it's two and a half hours long. 30 minutes of preview. So you there for three hours? Yeah. Hands down. Like it is what it is.


I went to go see Wicked on Broadway. I like Wicked on Broadway. I haven't seen the movie yet, but I do love Wicked on Broadway. I've seen that a thousand times. Mm. Yeah. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Ashanti Dos will be joining us this morning, Man. She has a great little pamphlet that she put out called Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas, an Online Pocket Guide of Tips. That's right. A mery little brief. Miss It's Little Grief Miss. Yes. Grief. Miss, I'm sorry for anybody who's, You know, navigating grief during the holidays. That's right. And then we got front page news when we come back. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start with some quick sports. Steelers beat the Browns. The Saints beat the Giants.


Dolphins beat the Jets. The Vikings beat the Falcons. The Buccaneers beat the Raiders. The Jaguars beat the Titans. The Eagles beat the Panthers. Seahawks beat the Cardinals. The 49 ERs beat the beers. The Chiefs beat the Chargers. The Rams beat the bills. And then Monday Night Football. Tonight the Bengals take on the Dallas Cowboys at, let's go baby 18:00 PM The Road to the Super Bowl is still open for the Dallas Cowboys. Baby, we in the Hunt. No it's not. We In the hunt. No, We are in the hunt. Okay. Whatever you wanna call it. And we got a salute. Well make sure. Juan Soto. Juan Soto, previous New York Yankee. He just did a new deal with the Mets, the biggest contract in sports history.


$765 million for 15 years. Why would he, I, I was wondering though, why would he leave the Yankees to go play for the Mets, especially being that the Yankees just went to The World Series? Well The Yankees only offered him What you mean don't, don't say on, first of all, you about to say something stupid. No, I'm not. Yes, you are only offered him what, $760 million only NB For Really? For 16 years. And the Mets offered him 7 65 for 15. But one is 47 million a year. One is 51 million a year. But is this a $5 million difference? My point is, why would you leave somebody Just a $5 million difference? That's a lot of money. When you got, when you got seven 60 and you just left, you just was playing for a team that was in The World Series the year before. Yeah. He has a, he has a chip already. He probably just doing it for the money. Who knows? And all he might, the Mets might be planning a bigger squad Or the Mets got a harder route 'cause they gotta go through the Dodgers every year.


Yeah, Yeah. I don't even watch baseball. And I Know that You know that. So I'm just saying like, why I, I'm saying why Lee Widely was storied franchise. Like the Yankees that just went to The World Series last year. You Know, Hey, a Yankees fan. I would've preferred the morning Yankees, but he decided to go elsewhere. Mm. All right. Well let's jump into some front page news. Morgan is on vacation and Mimi Brown is filling in. Good morning Mimi. Good morning Mimi. Good morning. Good morning. Envy Charlamagne. Jess, how y'all doing? Good. Good. Less black and highly favored, Mimi. Good morning. Happy Monday. Okay, let's jump right into it. So a nationwide manhunt is entering its sixth day this morning for the gunman responsible for the shooting death of the United Healthcare CEO, Brian Thompson.


Now the FBI has joined the search and is offering a $50,000 reward for information leading to his arrest and conviction. Meanwhile, the NYPD is releasing additional photos of the suspect and increasing patrols along the Mexican and Canadian borders. Now investigators, they believe the gunman left New York City by bus. Shortly after the shooting on Wednesday and over the weekend police, they recovered a backpack in Central Park. They found a Tommy Hilfiger jacket and some Monopoly money inside. And so speaking to reporters over the weekend, mayor Eric Adams, he said that investigators, well he hinted that investigators may know the suspect's identity but are not releasing that information.


Let's hear what Mayor Eric Adams had to say. We Don't want to release that. Now, if you do, you are basically given a tip to the person we are fi we're seeking. And we do not want to give him an upper hand. I believe the, I I think they're gonna release some news this morning when I, yeah, I drove by there yesterday And I haven't seen that much activity and cameras outside of the Hilton. I mean there, there must be at least 20 news cameras out there. So they must be thinking about doing a, a release statement or something this morning. 'cause there was so many people there last night. All I all I know is $50,000. They need to increase this reward money. You gotta adjust for inflation. Okay, well what, Well, You know, charlamagne, they they did, they added NYPD added $10,000.


So now the total is 60,000. Nah, they gotta make it like a quarter million. The pot. Mm. What else we got Mimi. Oh, alright. And so moving to our next story. President-elect Donald Trump is making a very strong statement in his first TV interview since winning reelection in a 45 minute interview on NBC's Meet the Press, Trump says he wants the people who investigated him to go to jail, including the lawmakers who led the investigation into the January 6th Capitol attack. Let's listen to exactly what Trump had to say And Cheney was behind it. Well and so was Benny Thompson and everybody on that committee we're gonna for what they did.


Yeah. Honestly, they should go to jail. So you think Liz Cheney should go to jail for what they did? Everyone on the committee you think should go Jail. I think everybody on anybody that voted in favor, Are you gonna direct your FBI director and your attorney general to send them to jail? No, Not at all. I think that they'll have to look at that. So it begins. Yes. So it, we knew Though, We knew that though, I'm looking for revenge all summer 2025. It's going to happen. Mm, Yeah. You know, and, and in response to Trump's comments, there are reports that Biden is considering some preemptive pardons for some of those lawmakers before Trump takes office. And some of the names that are possibly being included include former White House Chief Medical Advisor, Anthony Fauci, Liz Cheney of course, and Senator Adam Schiff, or Senator Elect Adam Sch.


And as you you may recall the January 6th committee, they did find that Trump encouraged his supporters to commit violence and effort to stay in power after losing the, the election in 2020. And during this interview, Trump also discussed his plans to pardon those rioters. Let's listen to that. I'm gonna Be acting very quickly Within your first 100 days. First day. First Day. First day. Yeah. I'm looking. First day. They're SUVs, Pardons. These people have been there. How long is it? Three or four years. Okay. You know, by the way, they've been in there for years and they're in a filthy, disgusting place that shouldn't even be allowed to be open. So you're telling me Biden can't pardon everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent drug offense if you don't wanna do all drugs, how about nonviolent weed offense then if you're in federal prison for a nonviolent weed offense Right now you telling me President Biden can't pardon you?


Especially being that he was the architect of the 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act and the 94 crime bill. You like, if you're talking about pardoning all of these other people and you hear Trump saying he's gonna pardon the January 6th riders, how about you do some real good before you leave office And pardon everybody that's in federal prison right now for a nonviolent drug offense. Yep. At the least a nonviolent marijuana offense. Yeah, absolutely. Charlamagne. And You know, Trump is also very, very outspoken about his immigration agenda. And in the same conversation with NBC's Kristen Welker, he doubled down on his commitment to ending birthright citizenship, which by the way is protected by the 14th Amendment.


He also stated that children born in the US could be deported if their parents are in the country illegally. Let's hear Trump's on. Let's hear Trump on immigration. I don't wanna be breaking up family. So the only way you don't break up the family is you keep them together and you have to send them all back. Even Kids who are here legally. Well, Well what you gonna do if they wanna stay with a father? Look, we have to have rules and regulations. You can always find something out like, You know, this doesn't work. That doesn't work. Trump is. Wow. Yeah. How do you deport citizens? He is like, Hey, well look, if you wanna go stay with your family, we're gonna deport you your family. That's, that's crazy. Damn. Alright, well Yeah.


He's saying everybody can go. So. Absolutely. Alright, well that is front page news. Thank you Mimi. Yep. Coming up. We'll talk about why Amazon delivery. If you're not getting your service, it may be 'cause you're, you're in a, a section that does not get, Amazon's not paying for that section. We'll talk about that. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was, how you feeling, what you're doing. If you had a great weekend. If you had a horrible weekend, whatever it may be. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, get it off your chest. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This Is your time to get it off your chest. I Got An indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now here and tell you what. It's, we lied. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. It's fab. Hey, what's up brother? Get it off your chest. Well, I want to talk about the New York, the New York shooter. I don't know if y'all, y'all ever seen the show Jackal that's on right now with the, with the lady that was in the last season? No, I heard About it. Lynch. I never watched it the Last Yeah, it's very close to that. 'cause like the, the guy like changes his face, he shoots people or whatever. He's like, like I was very close to this or whatever.


It got me excited when I saw it. But I'm also, you guys had a, you guys had the guy on that had that, so the tea bag, a bag with like the tea on it. Tell tell something. I'm not sure. Oh, Telfa. Telfa. He said the tea bag. Oh yeah. Hotel fall. Yeah. Yeah. I about to say, damn, what y'all on here doing? You had somebody talking about T? No, no, no. Tel You about No. So if, I don't know if You know the MBTA from Boston, the MBTA, like the, it's like the, You know like the train, the MTA for you guys? Yep. It's the exact same sign. I'm not sure if he stole the MBTA sign. It's the exact same T sign. So I wanted to, I also wanted to bring that up because I heard it just a couple of days And I just got through today. So I want to say what's up to you guys. And one more thing to get off my chest.


This is for any, this is not for anybody like as far as like abuse or whatever the whole Diddy thing. I just wouldn't have said that had, You know, if you, if you are running away from people, somebody's chasing you in the hotel or whatever, You know your best bets to take the stairs. You know, had Cassie taken the stairs, Didi would've ram Ran by man, shut your dumb ass up. What is wrong with I don Dunno what's wrong with people? I don what's wrong? People, he really thought that was a good idea. He thought about that tweet like, I'm gonna call The Breakfast Club this morning. I, this one would've just taken the what been on his mind for a long time. Elevator do take a little minute. I get what you get. What, what saying logic. You, you thinking about? Yeah. Yeah. Hello, who's this?


Hey, good morning, Sean Stone. What's up brother? Peace. Peace and blessing man. What's going on man? Good Morning man. Get off your chest. Oh, it's just there. Yes. Hey, hey, Hey. It's been a long time man. Since Im from you man. How you Been? I've been good Sean. It's been a long time. Hey you Jess, you been look Charlamagne. It's all about Jess man. Jess, you've been looking lovely on the ground, Man. Don't talk to her like that Baby girl. I got you looking lovely. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Dont talk to her like that. Oh, he said what? She looked lovely. He ain't trying to holler. He just said she look nice. I don't like all that. Exactly. Come on man. You need to back up. Show man. I got one of my coworkers that wanna talk to you too, man. I don't want to talk to them. Respect my boundaries.


I don't wanna talk to them. All, all. Hey Jess, man. Just happy to see you back man. I'm happy to speak back man. Thank you Babe. I appreciate you Sean. Yeah, yeah, well I, I wanted, I wanted to talk about the, the dude that got shot just walking down the street, the CEO. Yep. It's unfortunate that situation happened but You know, there's a fire company down here that's actually was suing you United Health here because these people been robbing people up, man. So, You know, when you do a scamming type of stuff and you live in a wrongful type of life, sometimes things like that will happen. I'm not saying it should happen, but things like that will happen. You know what I mean? Every action is a reaction. No, I don't know what you mean. 'cause I don't know nothing about that man's life.


I don I don don't know nothing about that man. What he does and what he was involved with. He's being investigated by the d oj You know what I mean? For taking people pension money. So, You know, Let's keep it real man. So, You know, so You know what I would like to see happen to that person. I'd like to see that person get arrested and have to deal with his consequences, deal with his actions in the court of law Life. Don't play light like out like that so some time, man. You know what I mean? When you do people wrong, things will happen to you A hundred percent. But guess what? Somebody might decide to shoot you because they don't like the way you talk on breakfast night. Why they not going do that? That to Sean Stone? Because I'm not going do wrong to People. You don't know that, You know what I mean? I'm not an evil person like that. So Hold on Sean. What you mean? I don't that So Sean? Lemme I'm not an evil person bro.


Sure, but you think so, you think everybody that gets shot and gunned down is, is is a evil person. Did I Say, did I say that? I'm talking about that situation. Unfortunately that it happened. But come on, when you are out there robbing and scamming people, these things will happen. Man. I don't know what that person was doing. I can't sit here and say he was robbing and scamming people. But I do know I don't like to see nobody get shot down dead in the street like a dog. 'cause that can happen to any of us. Like, don't ever think that, You know. Oh, just because you, you you not doing dirt. Like those things can't happen to you. So you're telling me that everybody you've ever seen get shot and gunned down in the middle of the streett or get shot and gunned down did something wrong? Well the thing is, we just don't know. We, we don't know what was happened and we don't know what that investigation, what came outta that investigation.


We honestly don't know. And, and, and by the way, and if he was doing that, I still don't believe in that type of vigilante justice. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I hate the way that You that you Talk. I hate the way that you everything with is best. Call up next five eight five one oh five one. Not just me. I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? This is Kimberly in Atlanta. Hey Kimberly in the A Get it off your chest. DJ Envy. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning Jay. Peace. Peace.


I was stressed out about what I wanna talk to you guys about. I wanna talk to you about my sister, but instead I wanna talk to you how I sent all three of you Christmas presents and you guys haven't said anything yet. Nothing. I, I sent you guys, I sent each one of you a gift and it's in your mail room. I wanna talk about how your male people are not giving you your present. That's Crazy. Yeah, I didn't see anything. What Was it? I sent you a copy of a book called Diarrhea of the Mouth. Diarrhea. Diarrhea of the Mouth. Diarrhea of the Mouth by Kimberly Jones. I sent each of you a copy. I just scratch and sniff. Ew. Well You know you're gonna wanna scratch and sniff after that book.


Most definitely. Well I'll look for it mama. But we didn't see anything up here as of yet For sure. DJ, anything. It was delivered last week. I promise. I said each one of you because you guys are my sheroes and Jess, You know you are most definitely shero for sure. Thank You girl. I'm gonna go look today, I'll look today and see if we have it. Kimberly. And you Have a great holiday mama. You too. I love you guys. I'll be later. Love you more Kimberly. Diarrhea the mouth by Kimberly Jones. Available everywhere you buy books about diarrhea now. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's up family? Happy holidays. It's Marty Creeks. What's Up Mar? I ain't heard from you in a minute brother. I know man. I been chilling man. Yo, listen, y'all gotta check out my new Christmas song.


A Merry, Merry Christmas. It's freaking dope. Yo. Dope. So just Google it. I mean I, I know y'all can't play it but you gotta check it out his spot. I think y'all be very happy with Me. Okay. A merry, Merry Christmas. All right, Y'all too man. Alright. God bless y'all man. Enjoy your holidays. Safe Y'all. You too now. Hello, who's this? This is Monica Wright. Hey Monica. Hey guys. Peace Monica. I cannot believe I'm talking to you guys. I can't believe it. But today is my birthday. I turned 52 and so I just wanted say happy birthday to myself. Well happy birthday. Happy born day, happy Birthday. Thank you guys. This is a great present for me because I always tried to get through and so today I finally got through.


Well thank you. Happy boy. Did what you doing anything special to celebrate or you did it this weekend? I did it. Oh actually I'm gonna do it this weekend. My husband is flying me to LA to see my stepson perform. Oh, what's your on performing? He is a sango. He's a dj. Okay, that's dope. I'm glad. Happy to hear that. Yes. So thank you guys. Yeah. Go out to la enjoy some good weather, get some good weed or something, You know what I mean? Maybe some edibles. Enjoy your birthday my Let your husband toss your legs in the ad one time. You're so bad. Have a good with Monica. She sound like she gonna do it. Alright, thank You guys, please. Monica.


Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Tiffany from Sheldon, South Carolina. What's up Tiffany? Get up. Tiffany. 8 4 3. What's happening? Nothing. Charlamagne. I wish you would get them to stop playing scissor snooze while I'm out here on 17 with no highway lights on the Road. I, I've been trying to tell 'em to stop playing snooze every morning at the same time for the past two years. But You know, they don't listen to me. Well, I don't have anything to get off my chest. It's my birthday today, so I'm just thankful to still be here. Happy birthday mama. Happy born day.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need, Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this weight again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four Details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


All right, y'all have a blessed day. Appreciate you, you man. Everybody in South Carolina. I'm gonna be in South Carolina on December 20th 'cause that's the grand opening of my, my me and my wife's Crystal franchise in Orangeburg, South Carolina. So December 20th, we'll have the grand opening ribbon cutting at Crystals. Crystals fast food restaurant that we're opening in Orangeburg. All right, and everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got Justice. The mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes. Jay-Z was the latest person named in a day lawsuit. Oh God. All right, we'll get into that. Nexus, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's dj, JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Let's get to just with the Mess. News is Real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't, nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get You to see. It's time to set it off. So y'all know it's been a lot going on over the weekend. We do see that Jay-Z was the latest person named in the Diddy lawsuit. And this story is like an onion. It's a lot of layers to peel back. And so I'm gonna bring Lauren in here to do this 'cause this is her first because she called The sauces.


This is her forte because she can contact anybody from the Fed to Donald Trump. There you go. So she, I want her to come on in here. Come on in here girl. And I saw, just trying to pronounce litigious this morning. Woo. Well I can think you, I'm just, I think you, I did a better job than you Today. What is it? Don't play with me headphones. Ain't no headphones. Oh you don't need headphones. It's fine. There's no audio, right? Yeah. You don't need No. That's The hell you came from. I came from you been here all Time. I came from my, my business. You couldn't wait looking Like a school girl. She about to tell us what's going on. Alright, so what have you guys said so far? What have you talked about? Nothing. Nothing. Jazz. Okay. So look, not even a laughing matter, right? So over the weekend, actually last night, Jay-Z was named in a lawsuit.


This is a federal civil suit. This lawsuit is one that we actually talked about before. So y'all remember back in October when Tony Busby filed that like big like bunch of lawsuits against Did. That's the one that set up the hotline? Yes. Yeah, that was the start of all of that stuff. Like right around that time. So during that time when that was set up, there was a case that was mentioned. There was a 13-year-old girl who said she came to New York when she was 13 to go to the vma. She didn't have a ticket, she was just excited to be here. She met a limousine driver who said he worked for Puff. And he was like, I can't get you into the VMAs, but if you come back here after I can get you to a after party. Now, 13-year-old was with no parents just by himself. She Came by herself. She came by herself. So she was dropped off by a friend. Now that girl in that lawsuit originally back in October, said she went to a party.


It was, it was a puff party allegedly. When she got there, she had some drinks. She started feeling a little crazy and then she, she went to a room to like lay down and take a little, You know what I mean? A little minute away from the people when she woke up, puff and two other celebrity, celebrity A and B were in the room and she was raped, allegedly in that room. She called her dad to come get her when she was able to get away from the party who didn't know she was there. And then it caused her like mental distress to this day. So that's why she was filing civil suit. So over the weekend, celebrity A was named as Jay-Z. So now that has like shattered the internet streets as you guys can imagine because the, for I think for a while people have been trying to place other celebrities in this to figure out who the other names are. And this is one of the biggest names outside of Diddy that we've seen named in all of this stuff.


So now the civil suit still remains as is. The claims are still the same. The only difference is that she's saying that Puff was one of the people allegedly that raped her in that room, but that Jay-Z also participated. And that there was another celebrity who was a female celebrity bee who watched. And she said that the, the woman is accused Jay-Z and Puff of taking turns like Puff would, You know, sexually assault her, rape her and then Jay-Z would watch and then allegedly Jay-Z would do the same and then Puff would watch. And she says that no one helped her. Like the other celebrity that was in the room did not help her. Now all of this like happened, right? This all dropped. People were like, well what the heck is going on? You guys remember when all this started dropping around Puff?


It was like statements from his attorneys trying to defend him. Yeah. Now with Jay-Z, Jay-Z released a statement. I would say almost like immediately once this happened and his statement was very different. Make sure all y'all had the statement. Absolutely. All right. So this is a long statement. Normally we only pick pieces of it. But I think it's important for us to read the full statement. You gonna read this whole thing? We need to. Okay, let's do it. So it says, my lawyer received a blackmail attempt. This is a statement directly from Jay-Z. My lawyer received a blackmail attempt called a demand letter from a lawyer in quotations named Tony Busby. What he had calculated was the nature of these allegations that the public scrutiny, public scrutiny that would make me want to settle. No sir. It had the opposite effect. It made me wanna expose you for the fraud. You are in a very public fashion.


So no, I will not give you one red penny. These allegations are so heinous in nature that I implore you to file a criminal complaint, not a civil one. Whomever would commit such a crime against a minor should be locked away. Would you not agree these alleged victims would deserve real justice if that were the case? This lawyer who have, who I have done a bit of research on, seems to have a pattern of these type of theatrics. I have no idea how you have come to be such a deplorable human, Mr. Mr. Busby. But I promise you I have seen your kind many times over. I'm more than prepared to deal with your type you claim to be a marine. Marines are known for their valor, valor, valor, valor, valor, valor, valor. You have neither nor honor or or dignity.


My only heartbreak is from my family, my wife And I. He says my wife, well we know he's like my Beyonce. 'cause like why won't you just say Beyonce? My wife And I have to sit our children down now one of whom is at the age where her friends will surely see the press and ask questions about the nature of these claims and explain the cruelty and greed of people. I'm mourn yet another loss of innocence. Children should not have to endure such that at their young age it is unfair to have to try and understand inexplicable degrees of malice meant to destroy families and families in human spirit. My heart and support goes out to the true victims in The World. I wanna get to this next part. You have made a terrible error in judgment thinking that all celebrities are the same. I'm not from your world, I'm a young man who made it all the projects of Brooklyn. We don't play these types of games.


We have very strict codes in honor. We protect children. You seem to exploit people for personal gain. Only your network of conspiracy theorists fake physics will believe the idiotic claims you have levied against me. That if not for the seriousness, surrounding harm to kids will be laughable. I look forward to showing you just how different I am. That was a Ball. You don't play with me. What? Which one? Go ahead. My, My heart and support goes out to true victims in The World who have to watch how their life story is dressed in costume for profitability by this ambulance chasing in the chief suit suit. Mm. It was the chief suit for me. I you stick the ball in the ambulance chaser. Yeah. And I think a lot of people responded so much to this like of course this, this caused a big back and forth of people, You know, putting out their volunteered their own opinion of like what do they believe is, You know, is Jay-Z a part of this whole thing that we've, now that people are beginning to believe that man, please.


But if it's a part of or is he not? But basically His response is like, don't try me, try somebody else. You know what I'm saying? I'm not the one. And then what he said about like these, these lawyers who have these types of theatrics, they, they have a pattern of doing cases like this and everybody case sound the same. It is like That's right. You know, they'll call You underage girl. They was drugged, raped. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And I, so I do wanna mention too, 'cause the first thing I thought of when I saw this, I said, oh this is gonna, if if, if Jay-Z is successful at what he's doing and he's not backing down, this is gonna change the game for a lot of celebrities who get brought into these type of things. True. And, and if true they serve consequences for it. But if not true, it's like it just goes away. But these stains are still on your, your record.


You know what I mean? Because he's basically making a print a precedent for it, right? Yeah. So Diddy's team sent a statement over to us and they basically said this amended complaint in the extortion lawsuit that Mr. Busby exposes because Jay-Z went on and filed a suit, an extortion suit against Busby. They're basically saying all of that is gonna show y'all what we've been saying. Like this is all just a publicity stunt. These are people chasing dollars. Well Good for whole. Yeah. I'm glad Jay-Z responded just like that because this has been going on for too long. It is a griff, these accusers go to these lawyers with all these salacious claims. The lawyer will put more sauce on the salacious claims. They reach out to your team and say, if you don't settle with us, we gonna go public with these claims. They'll tell you that they gonna hold a press con press conference. We gonna do interviews. And a lot of people settle because they don't want the bad press Where they don't have the money to to Fight.


It happens all the time. And like you said, the the problem is it's very expensive, right? When you get these civil suits, it's very expensive. And like Charlemagne said, yo go to the press. Yep. They'll make these press conference and, and what they wanna do is they wanna make sure that you lose money. They wanna make sure that you lose endorsements, lose sponsorships, lose everything. Until you get to the point where you'll be like, You know what, lemme just pay them off and get, get away from him. But Jay got enough to say, look, I'm gonna fight this all the way now Busby, he responded Right? I'd rather say he did. But real quick, I wanna say that Freak. I wanna say that I You can do part two next. Okay. Because there's some more to this. 'cause I reached out to the southern district of New York who if it was to go criminal, that's who would take it on and a few other people. So I wanna get into that. Could they Do criminal or did the time already Pass? I'm not for sure the technicalities of that because I know that we people have been talking about it in like Texas.


Is that what you're Referencing? Well civil I knows they can after 30 years after Somebody's 18. Yeah. But this case was originally filed in New York. So I don't know because I don't know what the feds are doing criminally about this girl anyway. Gotcha, gotcha. Just with Diddy. So we'll talk about it 'cause there's a few other points that we need to get to. Okay, Thank you. We'll do that next Time. What? I live vibe. You ain't never hear Wendy Williams talking about it ain't your Thank you so much Lauren. I appreciate you. Okay. All right. Now when come back I That tag team, I like that tag team by, You know what, what I'm Saying? You know what I'm saying? Yes. You see us Look at that little boss look. Look at little boss lady. It's nice. Good reading by the way. Reading all It was a lot too. When we come back we got front page news Morgan is out. So Mimi Brown is filling in from the BIN so we'll talk to her next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's the DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now, in some quick NFL sports, the Steelers beat the Browns, the Saints beat the Giants. The Dolphins beat the Jets. The bikers beat the foul 'cause the Jaguars beat the Titans. The Eagles beat the Panthers. The Buccaneers beat the Raiders 49 ERs beat the Bears Seahawks beat the Cardinals, the Rams beat the bills, and the Chiefs beat the Chargers in a Monday night Football. The Bengals take on the Cowboys at eight 15. And we gotta salute Juan Soto, the biggest contract in professional sports. He signed with the Mets 15 years for $765 million. I I really can't wait till somebody talk to him.


And I just ask him like, I just want to know why did he leave the Yankees? The Yankees offered him seven 60 Mets offered him 7 65 Yankees just went to The World Series last year. I wonder, I wonder what, what, what, what, what, what was he not happy about? Said he walked away from the Yankee. I Don Dunno. Good question. Well, good morning Mimi. Mimi is filling in for Morgan. What's up Mimi? Hey envy. All right y'all. So listen. If you live in certain parts of Washington DC and wonder why your packages are being delayed, it might be because Amazon doesn't offer its fastest delivery service in your neighborhood. So DC's Attorney General Brian Schwab is suing Amazon for allegedly hiding the fact that it does not provide prime delivery service in two primarily black zip codes.


Now that's affecting about 50,000 prime members, many of whom rely on the service due to local store access. Now, Schwab says at the heart of the case is the fact that Amazon is continuing to charge customers for prime service without disclosing that they don't deliver there. So, and he put out a statement, and in that statement it says that Amazon is charging tens of thousand tens of thousands of hardworking Ward seven and Ward eight residents. Expedited delivery service it promises but does not provide. And while Amazon has every right to make operational changes, it cannot covertly decide what a dollar means in one zip code than it means in another zip code.


So the lawsuit is demanding that Amazon stop misleading, practice misleading its practices. They want them to pay the damages to effect it customers and face penalties. But meanwhile, Amazon is maintaining that it is transparent with its customers and continues to prioritize safety and delivery accuracy. I just want Amazon to start dropping off the packages directly at the door. Like we have a sign that clearly says do not leave packages to defense. So I don't know why they keep doing that. And they, it's like they leave it right under the sign. So I know you saw the sign. Yeah, why don't you just Because it's easy or they probably running late. 'cause they do that to me all the time too. And I, I can't stand it 'cause I'm always thinking somebody's gonna steal my package outside the gate. Yeah, but and it's a bunch of kids though, like it's A bunch of young, young deliver like delivery people that they hire who don't take that stuff Serious and they need to have Amazon some type of something on their card that says Amazon because they be pulling up in all types of vehicles.


I'm talking about what? Yeah, They sure do. All right. Well, switching gears to Florida, where prosecutors plan to clear up 2,600 convictions of people arrested for buying crack cocaine from the Broward County Sheriff Office between 1988 and 1990. Now the Florida State Supreme Court, they called this practice outrageous in a 1993 ruling saying it violated people's rights but nothing was ever done about it. And now a recent audit, they found that convictions are still on people's criminal records causing people to be denied housing jobs and more. The defense attorney in the case, he says that people were arrest the people who were arrested.


They were, they were not dealers. They were, they were battling addiction and they were being unfairly targeted in a sting operation. And he's also pointing out that the sheriff office sold these drugs to these people within a thousand feet of a school. So the penalties would be greater. So we're just hoping that they get that really that cleared up because a lot of people were saying they, they can't get housing, they can't get anything that they need because they have this criminal record that they shouldn't have. Hmm. All right. And so finally today a jury, they will resume deliberations in the trial of former Marine Daniel Penny. Now that's the man who was accused of causing the death of Jordan Neely, the mentally ill homeless black man by putting him in a choke hold in a Manhattan subway last year.


Now Penny claims he acted to protect passengers from neely's threats. On Friday the judge dismissed the top manslaughter charge after jurors said they were deadlocked. And now that leaves only the lesser charge of criminally negligent homicide for consideration defense attorneys, they requested a mistrial. We'll see what happens today. We will definitely continue to watch this one. Absolutely. And so that's your front page news. I'm Mimi Brown, follow me on social at Mimi Brown tv. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio App and visit bi news.com.


Thank You Mimi. Alright, thank you Mimi. Thank you. Alright, well let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Dr. Sarah Font, I think her name is Font Knot. She was talking about why men don't want to get married now because they say women leave so easily. Let's listen to what she said. Why should a man get married when women leave so easily? Most women are so bought into the vision of marriage that they never really consider what it means to be a wife. So then when they get into marriage and now they are a wife, they hate the role because they don't know what it is. Hmm. And most times because in society they make you feel like you need to get married and start a family.


They choose the person that they like the most. Maybe even they love the most in that moment. But marriage is not something that should be based inside of, I like this person enough. They were persistent enough, they were romantic enough. Marriage to make it in the long haul has to be rooted in something real like God, purpose and alignment, similar core values. And so if you don't have that, a man really doesn't want to get married. But if he does get married and it's not rooted in the right things, she will leave. Why do people say such broad generalizations like a man does not want to get married? Who told you that? Well, let's open up the phone lines. Why, why do we say this? Like, like you, why you can't use words like some, you can say some men, You know what I mean?


Yeah. How do you just make a broad generalization. A man does not want to get married. Who said that? Well, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Do you feel like women leave easily in a marriage? Now let's let's have that conversation. I guess that's what she was getting at. (800) 585-1051. We'll take your phone calls when we come back again. Do you feel like women leave easily in a marriage? Is it easy to let a Marriage go? I gotta hear what she said again 'cause I didn't get that from what she said. All right, we'll discuss when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now just joining us, we're playing a clip from the Giving Podcast from Dr.


Sarah Fortnight. And this is what she said about marriage. Why should a man get married when women leave so easily? Most women are so bought into the vision of marriage that they never really consider what it means to be a wife. So then when they get into marriage and now they are a wife, they hate the role because they don't know what it is. Mm. And most times because in society they make you feel like you need to get married and start a family. They choose the person that they like the most. Maybe even they love the most in that moment. But marriage is not something that should be based inside of, I like this person enough. They were persistent enough, they were romantic enough.


Marriage to make it in the long haul has to be rooted in something real like God, purpose and alignment, similar core values. And so if you don't have that, a man really doesn't want to get married. But if he does get married and it's not rooted in the right things, she will leave. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Start with you, Jess. You know, why should a man get married when women leave so easily? Well, I, I honestly think that could be subjective. You a man, you can marry a man and then he can, a man can marry you and then he leave easily. You can leave easily. It, it, it all depends. I mean, I know women are more independent, more self-sufficient these days. I mean, I know that's, that's why somebody would, wouldn't want to stick around and, and tolerate if, if there's issues in their marriage.


I mean, 'cause you can do things yourself. You, you can do all bad all by yourself. So I mean, I, that's one particular reason why I think women or some women, I can't say all women leave easily, but that, that probably will be a reason why I think it's a different day and time. I just know like if you, if you look at your grandmother or, or even some of your parents, they stayed because, I don't wanna say they were bred to, but that was the thing that they did. They had, they stayed in a relationship though no matter what, through thick. The thin, if somebody put hands on 'em, somebody cheated. But no matter what it was, if they weren't happy, they still stayed. Yeah. I think nowadays, I mean even with my daughter or I'm sure anybody's daughter, you teach your daughter, if you're not happy and you can't figure it out in a relationship, don't stay, leave like you have a long life to live.


Life is short leave. And I think a lot of women are doing that they, they're more independent. If, if a man cheats, a woman is not saying, I'm, I don't wanna sit here and, and deal with this. I'm out. If a, if a man puts hands on a woman, I'm out. If, if, if a woman is not happy because of whatever reason in a relationship after trying to work it out, they're not gonna keep trying and keep trying and keep trying to leave. And, And I don't have a problem with that. 'cause at the end of the day, this life is shortened. Yeah. You wouldn't be Happy. Yeah. And then things are different, like you said, things are different these days. Charla may, what's The question? The question is what? Not What makes a man leave? What makes a woman leave so easily? I don't know. I ain't a woman. I ain't never had nobody leave me. My, me and my wife, me and my wife been together for 26 years. We've been married for what?


10 now. Like, I don't, I don't know. I would've to talk to some women Yeah. Who've left their men. I don't know how the hell I'm supposed to know what mix up with we Bonida. Yo. Yes. Good morning. Good morning Bonita. Morning Breakfast Club. Good morning, girl. What's Your thoughts? My thoughts is this, I think I agree with Charlemagne. She was wrong. She shouldn't have said all men. She should have said some men also. I do believe that some women leave due to a lot of infidelity. Mm. And a lot of people don't have the old school values when you work through that. They don't put in the work anymore. You Know? That's true. And You know what else? I was reading something earlier. Mm. And it was saying how a lot of women, the reason that finances is always the number one reason why, why women leave And, and, and the reason a lot of women are leaving now, that is 'cause of financial independence.


They're saying that women are more financially independent so they are less likely to tolerate men cheating and all types of stuff like that. Yeah. But I don't even, like, even with that financial part, women have to stop fooling themselves. I I agree with the all independency, but I do believe in love and people should be together. And congratulations Jess, on your love. Thank you babe. You saw them on Shade Room. First of all. You saw them. I saw they they had beautiful Christmas pictures. Thank you so much. That's actually for Valentine's. Well, Congratulations. What you for? Valentine Valenti Valentine's Day. It's an event. It's the of Love event. I know that we're doing, it's a Nigerian event that we're doing In February. Said that was your holiday picture. God, that's, You know what you talking about.


You shoulda reached out and got the facts. Jesus Christ. This the Valentine's Day. You done Miss Kza. You done miss everything Christmas. You done missed New Year. I know we did the shoot early yo, but it's for a Nigerian dinner. Okay. Hello. Who's this? Oh, Good morning, this is Dionne. Hey Dion. What's your, what's your thoughts Dion? I, I agree with some of the stuff she said. Core value does matter, but don't no man want to date forever. Okay. That's what you got. Don't know man. Want to date forever. Yeah, I guess he said he, he's saying man, wanna married Person? Yeah, I, we talking about married. What do you mean you want a man want date forever? Hello? Who's this? It's D What's going on? Breakfast Family.


Good morning. What's your thoughts? D Good Mor. First off. Good morning Queen Jess. Good morning boo. Good morning. Good morning. Queen Sharla. Peace queen. Hey, good morning Queen Dominican me. How you doing? How y'all doing? Is it Dilo? Is it Dilo? Dilo. Dilo. Look, I've been married for four years. I just remembered that. Right. I've been together for 11. I tell you, I break up with my husband in my head at least seven times a day. But mentally I stay with him because with, I love him more than I can't stand him. Mm. Damn That's real.


Yeah, that's Right. So, so you have to mentally be able to deal with all of them. Once the representative leaves, you got the real them. That's That. I respect that. Alright. Respect that. That's the question we should have asked because when I listened to the doctor's response to the question, it sounds like, You know, she's saying things that make me wonder, like, You know, how do you make your marriage last? How do you prepare for a marriage? You know, what are the things a marriage needs to be rooted in to last a long time? 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1 would take your calls when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Daddy. My phone man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. We are all The Breakfast Club. Now we are getting this from the Giving podcast. Dr. Sarah was saying this about marriage. This is what she said. Why should a man get married when women leave so easily? Most women are so bought into the vision of marriage that they never really consider what it means to be a wife. So then when they get into marriage and now they are a wife, they hate the role because they don't know what it is. Hmm. And most times because in society they make you feel like you need to get married and start a family. They choose the person that they like the most. Maybe even they love the most in that moment. But marriage is not something that should be based inside of.


I like this person enough. They were persistent enough, they were romantic enough. Marriage to make it in the long haul has to be rooted in something real like God, purpose and alignment, similar core values. And so if you don't have that, a man really doesn't want to get married. But if he does get married and it's not rooted in the right things, she will leave. So we're taking your calls and getting your thoughts. Hello, who's this? Hi.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get. But I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need, Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength and Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian because bar artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Barisan. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me. Shake your phone and get $50 off.


Don't delay. This is Vanessa from the Bronx. What's up Vanessa from the Bronx. Hi dj. Hi Jess. Hilarious. Hi Charlamagne. Morning. Hi. First of all, I just wanna shout out my fiance, he's at work right now. But I just wanted to say that I don't think that women are leaving marriages easier. I think that women, You know, progress in life more reliant on men the way we used to. I mean, let's not forget it was like 60, 80 years ago where women couldn't even get a loan without a man. They couldn't own a business without a man. That's true. Like things are different now. So we're not putting up with the same thing. That's true too. Yep. That's what I was reading.


That's what I was reading earlier and this, Yeah, and I'm not saying it's all about about financials, but it's a team effort. If you're not pulling your weight in this team, then why do I have to stay with you? Like I can support myself emotionally, physically, I'm good. So it's a team effort. I agree. And You know what too, I want to say something else about men, man. A lot of men that I'm meeting nowadays, they don't want a woman that's not doing nothing. Like a woman gotta have a hustle about herself. You know, I know back in the day it was all about, You know, the man gotta have something and the man gotta be able to provide men feel the same way. They don't want to hitch their wagons to the, the, the, the the something that ain't moving. That's right. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name bro? They call me Dominique.


Hi Dominique. What's your thoughts? My thoughts on the situation is that I don't believe you can say all of them. That's a generalization that all men don't wanna get married because of that specific reason. But I do believe that women nowadays are more quick to leave something that's been established or that's been trying to be established. Even if it's been for years that y'all been developing this relationship. When things start to hit south and not getting good and instead of trying to fix it and build on it, make it better. Want to go. I respect that. Okay. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is AK from Atlanta. AK from Atlanta. Talk to us. What's your thoughts bro? Yeah, man, I I feel like Charlotte, man, I hate that broad generalization that men don't want to get married. Men definitely still want to get married. Yes sir. And I don't believe it's true that women are leaving easier nowadays.


Okay, well thank you brother. And he's actually right because I was also reading this morning that the, the, the number of the the number of me look it up the right way. Yeah. Now according to recent data that the divorce rate in the United States is not increasing. It is actually currently trending downwards from when it says since from 2008 if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. Since 2008 the divorce rate has been steadily decreasing in America. Except for you said one year covid year, right? Yes. It says while the trend is downward 2022 saw a small increase in the divorce rate compared to the previous year. And it was because of the impact of the impact of the pandemic. They say Yeah. During 2020 and 2021. That Covid Yeah. Covid that that first couple of covid years people had to stay with their spouse and really me in the house and, and to realize they really didn't like this all the time.


Yeah. Dying to go to work. Hello, who's this? Good morning guys. This is Mia Pearl. I'm actually a marriage and family therapist. How are you? Hey, good Morning. Hey Mia Pearl. You know, I'm glad that you're calling since you're a a, a professional. What do you, what what's on your mind this morning? Because I got a few questions. Okay, so I I have two reasons. I think race don't last And I don't think it's just women. It's the illusion of choice and also the fact that our ancestors had to put up with a lot more than we did. So there's resources and opportunity for women that don't leave them in relationships that aren't fulfilling them. Explain the illusion of choice because You can get on your phone and there's a million people giving you attention back in the day. You might not meet somebody that met your quality standard for, You know, a month at a time.


You know, you didn't have a million options at the palm of your hand. So swipe less, swipe right. True, true, true. My question because, and this is going off the answer that the doctor gave us, a few, how do you make your marriage last? How do you prepare for a marriage? What are the things a marriage needs to be rooted in? We need to be rooted in two last. Okay. How do you make your marriage last? Yes. No one can make the marriage last. You just have to put in the effort over and over again and choose each other over again. And also do the work on yourself. You can't just expect someone to show up over and over again if you're not working on yourself. What was those other two? You said 'em quickly. How do you prepare for a marriage? You prepare for a marriage the same way you prepare for life. You, you study, you do the work, you go to therapy.


All of the things. You can't just expect people's life experiences to prepare them. 'cause everyone didn't grow up with that positive two person loving example. So if you didn't get that, it behooves you to go out and study what that looks like. And what are the things a marriage needs to be rooted in to last. A Marriage needs to be rooted in loyalty, trust, and understanding and a commitment to your future. Man, I think the biggest one you said is loyalty. And I really, really, really, really believe that wholeheartedly because, You know, growing up, You know guys, we always act like we got so much loyalty to each other, but we're not loyal to the closest person to us, which is that person that we laying down with every night.


Like we lie to them, we sneak around and You know, tell them illusions, but we're more loyal to our, our homies. Like, no, that's your real homie bottom. And that's what's taught in the music. It it's love isn't really a popular thing anymore. It's more so I rhyme for my, my my, You know, n words. I, i, You know, a lot of my Keyword, You know? Yep. So follow me on Instagram. Nia Pearl with two Ls. Okay, Thank you. Nia Pearl with two LI love you guys. Love you too. I, What's the moral of the story? If there's tomorrow? I, I I mean I was just thinking about what she said all the time. Like you gotta be loyal to your significant other man of that's your, that's your, that's your people, that's your partner. Like the same way you hold it down for your friends. You gotta hold it down for your significant other, the same way it's you and that person against The World.


Oh Absolutely. Right? Absolutely. Alright, well we got just with the mess coming up, what we talking about More and more of this Jay-Z and Diddy stuff. All right, we'll get into that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody Is DJ the toilet. Await her where you Get McDonald's for Believe God we are The Breakfast Club cheese. We're gonna hate to see you coming. And I love the Steak egg in McMuffin. Yo like this steak egg McMuffin. Yes. With no cheese. It's gonna be good. I love how true to every time. Alright, well let's get to Jess with the best you need. Just real b just Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't, she don't spend nobody Worldwide on The Breakfast Club.


She's a coach shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set the door. Alright, so for the second hour we gonna pick up where we left off with our very own LL Cooley from Brown Girl Grinding. Let's get into it. Girl. Period. Okay, so last hour when we left off, you had asked me did Tony Busby respond to Jay-Z? Yes. Yes, yes. And he did. So he responded two ways. So he posted on Instagram, he posted a photo of himself. This is a photo of attorney Busby when he was a platoon commander. Oh wow. Yeah. So Jay-Z had referenced that in the response that we read, basically saying like, you're supposed to be this noble man, but what are you doing? You shaking down people for money. It's all the money grab.


But he also responded with a statement that he posted online and he said that Jay-Z had allegedly denied being the one that sued Tony Bus being his firm before that he filed the case in a way that like it can't be picked up. The word is here, but I'm not gonna try and read it. He also says that J Jay-Z failed to mention that his law firm sent them a demand letter. And in that demand letter they never asked for a penny. They just asked for a mediation. I will say I did reach out to Attorney Busby's office to clarify what would the mediation be about. 'cause normally when you mediate, you wanna come to an agreement. An agreement is normally money. Who are you playing With, right? What you mean Uhuh? They're not coming for Beyonce tickets. I I can assure you, we We don't want record deal with Rock Nation. Whatcha Talking about?


I can Show that. And then also this one, I thought what this one was important was that Busby said, because he he's alleging that Jay-Z's team and Jay-Z had private investigators and a bunch of people reaching out to former employees of the firm, their families including the plaintiff's family and Busby's family and different people around them basically to like show his power and scare them allegedly. Right. And he's saying because of this, Jane Doe said, You know what, name him in the lawsuit. And that's why they went back and amended this suit. 'cause again, this suit is not a new suit. They just updated and put Jay-Z's name in. And Busby is saying, I did that. Not because we wanna shake you down, but because you tried to scare my plan, my client. So she wants to come out swinging too. She's not backing down. Mm. Yeah. So it's, it's like a whole thing right now.


So what did, did they, did they ever respond about, You know, what they wanted the mediation for by the way they want? I did not get a response when they asked for mediation. They're asking for money. That's what, that's what that's, I've Never heard A mediation where you don't come to an agreement about money or assets or something. The sad thing to to, to let everybody know is you can sue anybody for anything. And that's the sad part because whether it, whether it's a real lawsuit or something that you're just shooting to see if you can get some money. You can sue anybody for anything. But the sad thing about it is if the person lose that suing, nothing happens. Yep. Right. Just go's still a stain. Wait. And most people that that sue are using an attorney that's doing it for free. Yeah. So you have nothing to lose. You can say, I'm gonna sue this person. You have nothing to lose. And if you lose, okay, you keep it moving. But whoever's getting sued has to spend thousands or hundreds of thousands, in this case probably millions or lawyers.


And you never get that back. Years. Years, yeah. Because a court cases like this can go on forever. Correct. But I always felt like the people, if if it comes out that somebody's lying, You know what I'm saying? Like why won't they go to jail? Why can't they go to jail? Oh let's pay the lawyer fees. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Well A lot of times they do try and they try like the, the person that they accused will try and at least get lawyer fees. But like you said that point, a lot of people don't have the money. Most people ain't got the money. Yeah. They don't have the money. So it's like, You know, change. We don't know what is true here and what's not. We just are watching it play out like everybody else. Of course. But I think, like I said, for me, I was gonna ask y'all what y'all predictions is for me, if Jay-Z is successful, what he's doing right now, this gonna set a principle for a lot of these separate cases because you walk away with nothing.


Now you, You know I'm Saying but that happens all the time though. I mean the people don't realize that because what you hear is this, right? You hear the initial accusation attack attack, but you don't ever see when the case gets dropped, It just happened. Liz's case just get dropped. Nobody said anything about that. Right. You don't see when the case actually gets dismissed. 'cause I'm telling you, all of this stuff is a Griff, it's a, it's complete foolishness. They do this all, they do this all the time. They, they'll have your lawyer reach out to your team and they'll tell you team press conference, we gonna do a press conference, reach out to the news, we gonna have interviews, You know, if you don't settle with us. Yep. Yep. And then, You know, see It all the time. And, and if you, if you, if you most people settle you'll be surprised how many people do settle. Yeah. Just so they don't have to go through all Of the, they Doesn't want the bad press because they know, they know the court of public opinion makes everybody guilty.


So it makes a lot of folks settle and You know, ho said kiss my ass, I'm not settling And I don't blame him. Yeah. It was a lot of people that reacted, well not a lot of people but a lot of people. But the people celebrities, meek Mill said something. He said the goal is to start false narrative, to create a matrix web. If you can control the storyline, you can control the matrix. American media is totally unbelievable. I see Jay-Z blank, a 13-year-old girl 300 times scrolling. It's called programming. And then Foxy Brown also reacted. She said wait with an, with an emoji on her story. And then 50 cents said okay I don't know what's going on but are we still gonna have a Super Bowl? I'm asking for a friend. And that started, that started creating speculation 'cause they like stay clean yo.


So is all this just to get Kendrick to not perform at black people Love a theory. Yo Love Kenrick conspiracy theory because our people love a them Facebook aunties be on it with a Conspiracy. Yes. They were connecting this and connecting that. But yeah well all 51 thoughs are gonna be a superb bowl. Good for Hove. At some point this litigious blackmailing and extortion has to stop. Yeah. It's just that. It's really that simple. You are so right. So we gonna move on. Pusha T speaks on Kendrick and Drake beef. So we sat down, he get had a conversation with Ari Melba, am I saying it right? Ari Melba. Yeah. Ari Melba During Miami Art Week and during the conversation RA asked Pusha T about the Kendrick and Drake beef. Do you agree with the people that Kendrick won the battle?


1000%. I think that Kendrick is a lyricist and a lyricist that talks to your soul. Yes you can be clever, you can say cute things, you can do things and cadences and so and so forth. Right. But the truth really hurts. And the truth like cuts deep. And I think what Kendrick was doing was really talking to his soul. I believe that. And I believe that will cause you to tap out. That'll cause you to, that'll is crazy. I just wanna hold, I tell you I heard clearer audio online.


I just wanna let y'all know that. Okay. Like clear. I heard that clearly online. So you throwing our producers under the bus. I don't know who Recorded that in but I just told you I heard I don't have a doing that. Oh I figured. Working hard. I never have drama. I wanted to say on behalf of the production team, we be working hard and don't do that. So you did the audio. I didn't do the audio but You know. Okay, gotcha. I know the person works Hard but go ahead. Yeah. So as we know, You know, push and and drink. They had a beef of their own in the past so that's why he sat down and said that. But yo, I want to bring it back 'cause I forgot to mention this part in the more positive light. Snoop recently spoke on Jay-Z's involvement in the Super Bowl during an episode of Drink Champs. We need to think about is that before Jay-Z got control of the Super Bowl wasn't no performing.


So let's go back to the essence of the beginning of preach. He's creating a wave of artists to have an opportunity to perform. If you are a good artist and you are a great artist, your time will come. Right? Like I was never crying about it or mad about it when Dr. Dre called me and asked me to get his back. I was there for him, right? But I didn't feel like I was supposed to be there. I was in demand to be there. This is a big event. People looking at everything when they pick the person to perform. You should just be honored that, You know, hip hop is being able to be seen on that platform for all of us to not hate right on the next mayor, but be happy. That's funny as hell. Imagine white people listening to Snoop. Snoop says before Jay-Z, they had no n words performing.


Meanwhile the white folks was like, Roger Goodell, why are all these N words performing Jesus? Well that is just with the best for the second album. Alright, Charlamagne, who you Giving that Donka too? Mm four after the hour. One of Envy's cousins. His name is Hector. Hector Quez. Quez Mando. I don't, I know I'm pronouncing his name wrong. Yeah. Oh no. Maddo. Hector d Quez Maddo. I'm black. One of Envy's cousins. Now that's not my cousin. We'll discuss, we'll discuss what he got into. He's black And we'll get to it next at The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's gonna be a donkey because right now you want some real donkey. It's time for Donkey of the Day. So if you ever feel I need to be a donkey man, hit me with the hero.


Did you get donkey In names? Please tell me. Absolutely. I had become Donkey of the Day. The Breakfast Club. Bitches. You're donkey my mic on. Oh, hello. Yeah. Don here today for Monday December 9th goes to a 3-year-old man named Hector d Ques clearly related to interview. How? How, how do those in Spanish origin pronounce that envy. Vale Quez. Valesquez Velazquez. Yes. Hector di que Is it Velazquez? Valles Quez val. It's Quez que quez Johnson Jackson aq. UEZ. Yep. It is Vesquez. I don't know. I'm not Spanish. Bless. You are I'm not. Now I understand it's the holiday season and people out here trying to figure it out folks is hurting.


Christmas is in 17 days people got kids, people still trying to pay bills. It's a lot. And desperate times called for desperate measures. And sadly Hector is desperate. Okay. But even when you're desperate you still have to be smart because either Hector was desperate or he needed a place, he needed a place to stay for the holidays. Okay, let's go to CBS six Richmond for the report please. As Shop with a Cop was in full swing, A member of the staff at Walmart came up to us and informed us that they had a shoplifting in progress inside the store. 3-year-old Hector Quez Malindo of Chesterfield County taken into custody. And in the process officers learned he was wanted for failure to appear on another shoplifting case.


He does have other opening cases here in Chesterfield as well for larceny With dozens of uniformed officers walking around the store. Police say they are surprised. He attempted to steal a cartload of merchandise and what he had to see when he parked his car, You know we had 30, 40 marked patrol cars in the parking lot. And when we found his vehicle, it was actually facing where all of our cars were parked. So he would've had to have seen them. It just didn't matter to him. He was gonna take the chance. Mardo is now charged with felony grand larceny. The items in his card valued at just under $1,400. Wayne Coval, CBS six News, Hector Mardo, listen to me man.


Listen to what happened in case that news report wasn't clear for you. The Walmart was hosting its annual shop with a cop event where local police partner with impoverished children that helped them pick out gifts for the holidays. There was nearly 50 police officers and sheriff's deputies all around this Walmart at the time of the attempted theft. I know Hector's mentality. He's like, if I walk into the store full of cops, the last thing people would expect is me to steal. The last thing people would expect is me to shoplift. Nobody would be foolish enough to try to shoplift in the store with all these cops. They won't suspect nothing man. But nope. Security footage showed Hector trying to hide a bunch of items on him as he attempted to leave the store.


The officers were notified of a shoplifting in progress, meaning someone whispered to them, Hey clean up on all four. So officers spread out across the Walmart. Of course Hector tried to get away but he was quickly apprehended and he had the nerve that act stunned when he was caught. The only people who should really be stunned is the police. And they were officers said they couldn't believe he tried to commit the crime even with the clear police presence all around the area. They had 30 to 40 marked patrol cars in the parking lot but hec it on camp. It's the holidays he gotta eat. And he is a repeat shoplifting offender and has an active warrant out for his arrest for a failure to appear in court along with several open larceny cases.


Okay? He is now facing a felony charge of grand larceny. Personally, I think he needed a place to stay for the holiday. So he said F it. If I don't get caught, I got 1400 thousand. I got $1,400 in items. If I do get caught, I got three hots and a cock. Okay. Cock what? That's what I said. Okay. We heard you. Oh yeah. Three hots in a cock just in case I want Oh we heard you. Okay. But I mean if you go to jail, three hot meals and some penis. That's what you couldn't get that. Please, please get back to D Maldonaldo the biggest hee-haw. He didn't put an LAD in his name and everything might nado.


Alright, my gosh. Well thank you for that donkey today. Desperate times call for desperate measures man. Clearly because there was no reason to try to get that away. Mm. Get that off. That wasn't gonna happen. Now when we come back, Shanti das will be joining us. She Tell you something new pocket Guide. This is amazing. I'm actually ordering a bunch of these and giving them out for the holidays, man. It's called Have Yourself a Merry Little Grief Miss by Ashanti Dos. And it's 20 tips for navigating grief during the holidays. It's just a small pocket guide to tips. You can keep this in your pocket. It is really, really powerful. I heard to have gone so mu gone through so much just in her life. She's such a breath of fresh air. She has the most like exuberant energy ever.


I really, really love her. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna talk to her next so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building and It's not silenced the shame day. No it Is not. I know. I feel special. We have Ashanti dos back in the building. Good morning. What Ashanti, how Y'all doing? Bless Black. And father favor Pat. Thank you. I'm trying to be like you. Oh Shannon Ling. You know the great energy. Yeah. But then after I just had that baby look, that beautiful baby girl. Thank you. She has a new book or what do you call it? Book a pamphlet. I Call it a pocket guide. A pocket Guide. Pocket Guide. A pocket guide. It's called Have Yourself a Merry Little.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get. But I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a cosmopolitan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength and wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis The season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Barian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me. Shake your phone and get $50 off. Don't delay


Grief where it is. 20 tips for navigating grief during the holidays. I Think this is amazing. Thank you. I don't think it's anything out like It. I think it's genius and it's, and the fact it's a pocket guide, you can just really keep it in your pocket during the holiday season. Yeah. Talk. Talk to us about it. So I actually, God placed it on my spirit to write it last year, but it was three days before Christmas. Mm. So everything was shut down. So I literally just had a friend of mine put it up on Amazon and this year I was like, I really wanna put it out. Right? And so I kind of re-edited, added a few things and now it's out. It's 20 tips. You know, it's no stranger. You know my grief story, those that might know my story. I lost my mom almost three years ago, my sister, five years ago, unexpectedly.


And then my dad took his own life when I was just seven months old. I've lost uncles along the way. Best friend took her own life in 2014. So like grief has been a part of my life. Yeah. And it is the greatest equalizer for all of us. 'cause we've all lost somebody. Y'all. And then you look at it, I was just making notes like, You know, rest in peace to Clark Kent, You know, and shout out to his wife and kids and You know, fat man, scoop, Rico, Wade, people grieving in Atlanta. So those are just like the high profile people, but think about the aunties and the uncles. Right? Or that spouse or that child. You know, people are struggling and the holidays can be a really, really tough time. It's supposed to be a joyous occasion and time, but that's not the case. And grief is an individual journey and you gotta give people grace and space, as I say, to feel and heal.


And So all of these, these 20 steps are what you took to get through your grief to navigate through that. Yeah. Yeah. And again, especially during the holidays. 'cause I love the holidays. I'm like a big old kid. Yeah. Like my Christmas decorations, I hate to say was up in November. Mm. Like I'm that girl, like Your outfit gives holiday. Like I silver, You know, you like a nice people. Thank you. So Trying to get some holiday joy. But it, it gets to be tough. And I find myself with the ugly cry at the light. Or if a Christmas song comes on and me and my sister used to listen to all the time or my mom, it just takes me back. But I allow myself to go through those moments. I don't care where I am. It could hit me now on the show and I'm gonna cry and I'll wipe my tears and move On. Lean into your field. That's your first tip. That's right. You know, it's interesting, right? 'cause I, I love your dedication 'cause you dedicate the book to your sister, your mother, your father, grandmother, uncles in a few great friends.


And you say, I pray your souls are singing hymes of good holiday cheer up in heaven, man. How difficult is it to, to have that mentality and and to believe that, but then also not wanna join them. Oh yeah. Before your time. Absolutely. I mean, I would give anything to see my sister and my mom and my loved ones, but it's my faith And I, it's so crazy. You know how you remember that one thing you forgot to put in the book? But last year I coined like this new acronym for grief and it stands for going right into extreme faith. So my faith is what got me to be able to even say that because I do feel like I'm gonna see my loved ones. You know, I believe in life after death And I wanna make sure their souls are happy and that, You know, they're awaiting me.


But I don't wanna leave this earth until it's my time. 'cause I still feel like God has more work for me to do. And You know, the space that I'm in now. That's right. Coming from having a really big career in music, being like the number two right under Sylvia Rone to like now just helping the culture and The World in a different way. Trying to heal because we hurting out here. That's Right. And a lot of people grieve but they don't talk about it. And you don't have to talk about it, but you need to talk to somebody about it. Yeah. I was was gonna ask you, You know, all these artists in the music industry, And I know you spoke about it before, but I'm sure that with everything going on in the industry, do you think that these artists should be like, I guess the label should force these artists to do therapy or some type of therapy to make sure that their mind is right? I know even in basketball and sports, they have therapists there to talk to the Yeah.


To the athletes. And sometimes they say that the athletes are in their own way. You know, they gotta get things off of their mind before they can start, You know, going again. Do you think that it should be the same for the music Industry? Yeah, I often said like, just like you have like spring training and camp for the athletes that there needs to be some psych type of bootcamps. And my nonprofit silencer shame, we had been talking to a couple of labels trying to do some bootcamps, especially for like rookie artists if you will. You call 'em rookie artists, whatever it is. But they need to go through a series of trainings because we don't have insurance, right? There is no union for music artists, which I feel like it should be. A lot of them don't even have insurance. You know, shout out to music Cares who does a lot in terms of helping people through, You know, counseling and therapy and medical bills and stuff like that.


But these labels, just when they sign that deal, or even if it's management, you need to make sure that they're talking to therapists that they understand whether it's, You know, financial wellness, You know, overall mental health and wellness. How you navigate through the pressures of it. Because that's why so many people end up either using recreational drugs. That's a healthy way to cope. And I'm not the social police, You know, you can have your drinks or do whatever is your fancy, but don't use it to cope in the wrong way. Yeah. And so then you, something like death happens, right? You lose big Mama or you, you lose a person that raised you, which oftentimes happen in underserved communities. And kids that go on to play in sports or work in the music industry become artists. You know, they lose that one person and then The World really comes crashing down and they don't know how to process through that grief.


And so I, You know, I find myself living at the intersection of health and culture now that is where I feel like my place is with God. And I just wanna be able to continue pushing the culture forward, letting people think about stuff like grief that you don't normally think about and how heavy it can be during the holidays. All right, we got more Ashanti Das when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Han ti Das Charlamagne. I love Tip number six, reject the notion of another Lonely Christmas that I was definitely just looking at that one, Celia. Yeah. And You know, that was my, one of my songs from Prince that I love. But, but I feel like, You know, if we tend to isolate ourselves, that just makes it worse.


But when you're grieving, you really don't sometimes feel like doing anything. You don't wanna be around someone. Yeah. So you gotta really dig deep from within and use your faith and use those in your village around you to allow them into your space because you shouldn't be grieving by yourself during the holidays. Yeah. But, but then you have like people who really did, they just, they they can't bring themselves to even be around. Oh, for sure. Families. So like how do you set boundaries around the, You know, for the holiday season without, without, You know, looking like Scrooge or like, So the flip side of that is you gotta be honest and upfront, You know, I talk about it like trying to set a plan, like whether it's right before Thanksgiving or, You know, right after Thanksgiving hits, you gotta tell your family members, look, Christmas is gonna look different for me this year.


You know, I might not put up a tree. You know, you might have to put up one in your room if you, if your kids, if you still have family or other people put it in your room. But I might not do the big tree. Or we might take a trip, we might do something different. Maybe we do a staycation or a vacation somewhere else. So travel can be a really good way. Yeah. And the whole idea of it is just a change of scenery and doing something different. Tip number four, that's a major tip. No. Is the complete sentence. No, no, that's a difficult one. And the reason I always say that's a difficult one is because you got family members. This is the time where family feels like they can lean on you the most, right? Absolutely. Bills are high, gas is high, they gotta get toys, they gotta get that. Talk about that tip. So it's nothing wrong with saying no.


Yeah. Is crazy man. What? Because he said that's a major tip. No, any, its though Barry, you should have paused that. Pause that once. Oh my God. Take that. You see Mother? That was crazy. You Kinky this morning. That's a major tip. No, I don't want it. It's way too big for me. Oh my God. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I say none of that. You know what, you walked in when you came to Paris? Oh, I though I love y'all. But it's no seriously though. No. Is very important. And it may be offensive to some of your family members if you tell 'em like, I can't do this during the holidays or I can't lend you that money, but you, you just gotta be selfish. Right, man. Especially during those first few years of losing someone. And you have to be unapologetic about it and, and just, You know, again, going back to establishing the boundaries, say, Hey look, I can't do what I normally do and if you don't understand, I'm really sorry, but over time I hope you will understand what I'm going through.


Because until you've walked through someone's shoes, until you have experienced profound loss of a loved one, nobody really knows what to say. That's right. And you just have to, You know, be comfortable in saying no, no is a complete sentence. I can't go to that holiday event. I can't cook the Christmas cookies, I can't do the gingerbread house. I can't take the trip. I can't loan you a thousand dollars to go Christmas shopping this year. Like my pockets are dry. And I love the, the the fact that you said it is a complete sentence because then a lot of people is are expecting for you to say why. Nah, absolutely. I just know. No, I can't. And when you put a put it out there early with the disclaimer and tell 'em what the plan is and say, look, I need y'all to do things differently this holiday season. I, I'm barely hanging on.


And so if you love me, you will honor how I'm feeling. Right now. I'm in my no season, especially financially. And I cannot tell you how freeing it's been. It's been so free. I don't, I just can't even de describe. It's like I just gotta set the boundaries. It's just like, no, you have to, I'm not able to do it right now. I say boundaries are a blessing As far as social media. Would you encourage, like, because I, I see that this, that's not a tip. I know you don't tell people what You know, what to do with this social media, but would you encourage people to stay off of social media? So again, in the first few years, it can be really difficult. I had to stay off social media looking at every family Yeah. And their traditions because it's just different. Yeah. I I we don't wake up and have on the same pajamas anymore.


I, You know, so I would encourage you if you are just losing somebody, monitor the time that you're on social media because you don't wanna find yourself going down that rabbit hole of comparing your life to somebody else's life. You know, things happen, unfortunately, You know, we, we are on bar at time. I always say in this world anyway, nobody knows the day or the time of the hour. Yeah. Right. That we will pass on and pass away. And so live in the moment, be present, but protect your peace. And if protecting your peace means staying off of social media so that you don't have to watch all the joy and have, or the perceived joy, let's just say the perceived joy from social media that people are going through, then yeah. Give yourself that grace and space and, and don't be scrolling. Where can we find this pocket guide that tips to help you find peace in the Holly Group Journey?


Yeah, so the pocket guide is available on my website, www dot shanti dass. S-H-A-N-T-I-D-A-S dot BZ. Or the ebook is available on Amazon. Alright. I need to buy a bunch of these and just give 'em out. I think this is great. Yeah. And that's what I've been, I've been gifting it like, You know, shout out to several of my friends, Tracy Baker Simmons and Tota Sarita. They both were like, oh my god, this is such a blessing. Yeah. And so I'm praying hopefully some TV show will have you on so I can talk about it and, and it, You know, I don't care if you're black, white, Asian, Jewish, what, You know, nationality, background, ethnicity, this book can help you. Yeah. Because again, we all go through grief. That's, it's just finding pathways forward. Yeah, That's Right. Well Ashanti dos, we appreciate you for joining us.


Always. And make sure you pick out her pocketbook. Our pocketbook sounds crazy. It's not like a pocketbook. Yeah. That pocket. Rob, make Sure you pick up our pocketbook. It's The Breakfast Club. Ashanti Doss. Happy Monday morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. Let's get to Jessica. Are we Allowed to play this record? We cannot shut, I Don wanna hear Real Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't, she don't spend nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide message on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see.


It's time to set it off. Alright. Y'all know I'm proud to be from Baltimore, but sometimes y'all be letting me down, right? Maria Curry, she had a stop there for her tour. She that she do every year at Christmas time. The Christmas tour? Yes. Okay. And the fans started brawling. All right. So the the, the audio, the audio is so, so messed up. Like I don't, we not going to use the audio, but this was at the CFG Bank Bank Arena in Baltimore and during the show, alright, so she wasn't on stage, but this is right before she came back and did her last song. People just started fighting and ging. But it is a choir on stage. Like it's, it's a choir and it sounds like Sunday service, like it's Christmas in the air and, and angels and all that type of stuff.


That's what you think of when you think of going to a concert. Concert of course with Mariah Carey in December, but not in Baltimore. Right. Imagine you just at the concert, right? And you, you there, you got your little hot cappuccino and you waiting to see her come out. All, all nice and You know, I'm closing my Eyes. God. Play The song. And you play the song. Right. Imagine hearing this right. And somebody straight walk up behind you. You be like a yo dummy. What was all that? Boom. Great. Somebody crack crack You straight up bitch. No date. This is at a Baltimore concert. Oh, got you, got you, got you. Mariah Curry concert. Okay. Imagine hearing this song. 'cause this is they Fighting during this song Resemble? Yes. Well it, it resembles a song like this.


'cause she wasn't on stage, but her choir was on stage giving the tunes until somebody started fighting. Well On site. Mean on site, On site. Mean on site. But y'all said Christmas time, the whole damn show. And right before she came out to to perform my last song, y'all just start Gaffing Baltimore. I mean, honestly, that is the time to start fighting because you paid for your tickets for Yeah. You wanna see, you wanna see majority of the show. Oh my. So once you get to the end of the show, that is the time to, to get it on. That's only In Baltimore. I got some songs on her, Mariah set on her set list or whatever. Right. And this is the second to last song. So they had to be fighting during Rudolph the Reinos reindeer. Yo ain't there. Yo, that's wow. Ugh. Why the hell Mariah performing Ruta?


What the hell? No, that's too much movement for her. No, no, no, no, no. But that, that said, I, I wanted to say that I wanted to, Baltimore was fight there Baltimore healing energy. Please send my city some healing energy. Y'all crazy. This wild be there. Damn. All right. Anyway, in more Maryland news, cracker Barrel hates people with special needs. Allegedly. Yo, shut up man. Yeah. Listen, barrel, Is this in Baltimore Too? This was in, it's close enough. All right. This was in Waldorf, Maryland. They facing some criticism after denying a ser denying service to a group of special needs children. Okay. Did they have a chaperone with them or It was, Yeah, listen, listen, okay. The students, they, they were there on a, they were there on a trip.


No, they didn't take a field trip to Cracker Barrel, Charlemagne. They, they were on, they was doing like a Christmas trip. Right. But they were hungry in the midst of the trip. And it was a, it was a part of a, a community based instruction program known as CBI, which helps students with disabilities practice and apply classroom skills in real life settings. Right. So one of the parents said that she received a note from her child's teacher explaining that the kids had a bad experience at Cracker Barrel. The teacher said the staff was very rude because of the size of the group, but the superintendent Maria Navaro claimed that the student, that the district notified Cracker Barrel of the planned visit and included how many people would be in the group. They denied the reservation. They called ahead, they denied the reservation. And they, so they just went, they even, I ain't Know Cracker Barrel did reservations.


Yeah, yeah. I mean, well it's a big, when it's a big group like that, I guess they was just like, let's call ahead. I mean, and it's a lot of children, You know, well it was 11, but You know, I need special needs. So they like all yo, we need some extra, You know, special attention. When they got there, the staff refused to serve them and asked the teachers to remove the, the re remove them from the restaurant. Oh no, they, yo they asked the teacher to remove the, the restaurant from their list of places to go. That's crazy. So Cracker Barrel ain't want to, cracker Barrel was like, nah, don't bring them kids in. We not messing with the special needs kids and don't even ever spend a block on us with this class. Y'all got going on. And the restaurant has since issued an apology. You know. But did They say a reason they just No, they said because they were understaffed.


Oh. So they had to close certain parts of the dining area, which is why they refused to make the reservation for the 11th kid. For the 11th kids or whatever. But not to even refuse dining. I mean, You know, dining services. Yeah. That's crazy. Like, yeah. So they say delete that off your, don't ever come back here with the Cracker Barrel. I know. That's crazy. Oh, oh. And I also seen somebody else in the comments, 'cause I was going through the comments and the lady was like, they did the same thing to me. I'm a wheelchair user and they told me not to ever come back. And so I avoid that places when I'm outside. I, I avoid that place when I'm outside. Yeah, yeah. So she can't even roll up if she wanted to. Mm. The game welcomes new baby. So there have been rumors for some time that the daughter of Evelyn Lazada, SICE Hairston and the game were a couple, but nothing we could ever confirm or whatever because they, it would be speculations of them dealing with each other.


But they, they never confirmed it. So Evelyn Lozada, she posted a picture of the new baby with the following caption. This little blue-eyed angel made me a grandma and I'm forever grateful. Evelyn tagged her daughter and the game in the photo. So she put the tee out there. So it is now confirmed that the game and Shanice, they did have a baby and they looked super cozy together. 'cause Sice posted a picture of her sitting on the game's lap and You know, it looks like a recent photo. And the baby boy's name is Blaze Taylor. Taylor is the game's last name. Just point that out. Yeah. Yeah. Well Congratulations to that. Yeah, Congratulations. Absolutely. Yep, yep, yep. And we got one more minute left. So what y'all wanna talk about? 'cause ain't nothing else to talk about. Mm, you're actually on time.


Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well Netflix, they got a, they they got a, a, a, a studio in Jersey. 900 seen $3 million. They're one. Y'all building one and right in Jersey. So what part Of Jersey do We know? Nope. Mm So that'll be two studios. It's 'cause there's one in Lionsgate building one too. That's what's up and book. But nine, $903 million. Okay. Netflix. Y'all getting it. And they my neighbors, I'm gonna probably quit here, start working there. I know that's right. But that's just with the mess. No, that's dope. It says Fort Monmouth site 289 acres. So that's pretty How far? I mean, what is that? What part is that? What is that Near Mm, A lot.


Jersey City. South Jersey. North Jersey. I I think it would be South. Lemme Check. I never even heard of that, but that's super, super dope though. Oh, at least Studios. Tyler Price Studios rapper. 50 cent. Okay. Studios. All right, well that was just with the mess. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix on a Monday. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I want to shout out to all the tourists I ran into yesterday. A lot of people from out of town. I actually did the touristy thing. I went to go see the Rockefeller tree. I went to Bryan Park scene on the lights in the city. Went to Times Square, took the whole kids, my, my kids and family there. We had a, a great time. Had a lot of anxiety. I ain't go front 'cause there's so many people out there.


Like it's just, it got to the point where I had to, I did old school, I had to put my wallet in my front pocket. See I had to, You know, all that. But Was your jeans tight? Yeah, my jeans, nah, my jeans wasn't tight. It wasn't tight. But yeah. But I had a good time yesterday taking the kids. So if you do get a chance to come to New York, there's so much to do. So many things that the kids could see that that's actually free. Just looking at the trees and just a little walk. And I, we went yesterday 'cause the weather wasn't too bad, but they enjoyed themselves. They got a chance to see all the holiday decorations. So salute to everybody I ran into last night in the city. All right. And also salute Ashanti dos for joining us today. Salute Ashanti dos. Make sure you pick up her pocket guide, man. She has a pocket guide of tips to help you find peace in the holiday grief journey.


'cause so many people are navigating grief during the holidays. And it's called Have Yourself a Merry Little Grief Miss. Okay. It's 20 tips for Navigating Grief during the holidays. Man, you should check it out. Absolutely. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thanks. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now Jess, you got something? Absolutely this weekend. Well, this Friday, December 13th, I will be in Jacksonville, Florida with my man Martin Lawrence. I will be opening up for Martin at the Vice Star Arena. And then next weekend, December 20th and 21st, I will be at Helium Comedy Club in St. Louis, Missouri. We got four shows, two on that Friday, two on that Saturday. So get your tickets at your just hilarious official.com or helium comedy.com.


Alright, Charlotte, you got a positive note? Yes. Happy Monday to everybody. And I just want to tell you this one simple thing. Your energy introduces you before you even speak. Okay, show man. Thank you. What you, me? You see, You know what your energy is telling me. Your energy's telling me a lot right now. Just Larry, your energy introduces you before you even speak. Have a great Monday Breakfast Club. Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending the time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Hey, it's Meet Tyler, both open Airbus or Stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring, You know? So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like a tune. Check out bose.com for more.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength and wow, It's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Barian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me. Shake your phone and get $50 off.


Don't delay.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.