
Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most Deals are Barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting Changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees. Terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an At&t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


This is an ad by Better Help. What are your self-care non-negotiables? It's hard to make time for the things that keep you healthy, but being consistent with self-care is like working a muscle. And when life gets crazy, that muscle keeps you strong. Therapy is the ultimate self-care and Better Help makes it easy to get started. With affordable online sessions you can do from Anywhere, never Skip Therapy Day with Better Help. Visit better help hlp.com today to get 10% off your first month.


You Guys, this is history. What you've done, what show You guys have built A platform that influence S Most. Dangerous Morning Show The. Breakfast Club. DJ Record. I Made It just hilarious. She don't spell nobody Charlamagne to God. What made you think The Viking of Controversial questions for taking his part? I like this show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Lauren Lar is in for Jess. Solaris. What up, Lauren? Good morning. Happy Birthday. Thank You. Charlemagne. The Guy Beast to the Planet is Tuesday.


Yes. Happy born day, my brother. What? Thank you so much, sir. Thank you so much. How you guys feeling? How was your three day weekend? My weekend was great. I had so much fun. What you do? I went out with Ivy C Shout out to Ivy and Team Hennessy. I, I'm with them on Sunday. Move to Ivy. Big Ivy. Got my nails done. Shout out to Lynn, New York. Finally, And, I. Got to sleep first of finally Mind your business. I'm so happy you home today. So we have some great birthday energy. That's Right. I was chilling this weekend though. 'cause I was like, when we get back Tuesday, envy about to have us outside. We Gonna be outside tonight. So we Gotta be well rested. We're gonna be outside tonight. I was outside the whole weekend, a drop a bond for Pusha team family and the cousins festival they put on in Virginia.


I love what they're doing in Virginia. Those brothers are getting together with the community. They're doing it together. This is like the second, third thing that they've done together. They're giving back to the students. They're paying for students books. Wow. And then they had an amazing festival, which included DJs on the outside. And then at night, Erika Badu performed. So salute to them brothers. Man, I, I'm so proud of what Pusha t family and everybody out in Virginia is doing. So many people pulled up for them. So salute to Pusha team, my brother. I appreciate you. And, and we had such an amazing time at that cousin's festival. So salute to him. And then after that I was in Columbus, Ohio, and then I was in Oklahoma City all weekend long. Everywhere. Yeah. I was everywhere. I was everywhere. So I had a great weekend running about, and then today's the born day.


So I'm excited about that. My kids have to start school today, so I'm, they're they're, they're pretty mad. 'cause they wanna see dad when they when I get home. So. Oh, The kids start school today. One of them does Of them does. Oh, Okay. One of 'em does. Yeah. Mine Go back Tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. One of 'em does. And yeah, middle school starts for them today. And then the others start, I think tomorrow. Yeah. So anyway. Well, let's get the show cracking. All right. We got front page news when we come back. There was a lot going on in the news. And. I. Guess we'll discuss. So don't go anywhere. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the nv. I didn't Say that. I didn say that part is a big Booty. Girl. I didn't say that part. I said all I want for my birthday. You see, I Stopped. He ain't say That part. And you in that, you in that drinking shots. You better remember you close to 50 nowadays than 30.


First of all, I Poured him. I poured him enough where if he wanted to sip it, 'cause you are close. You could, but You know If. you want to, Man, watch your mouth. Let's take this shot. Better take a shot. Green juice. Every birthday. Envy More like You gotta tap and You better take a shot of green juice. Your body don't metabolize alcohol like it used to. Now for follow up, that young alcoholic in the room, If, you want to, he Finished the whole shot too. Ah, All Right. Well, let's get in some front page News Ys. All right. All right. Now I need a nap. Now I need a Nap. It's Crazy. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Tuesday. You, that's all you want for your birthday. Some shots You. know what I'm saying? I thought you would want for the Bears not to mall your pirates over the weekend. Boom. Sorry to brush the bubble.


Birthday Bubble Envy. Did you hear about that? Yeah. An HBC sports news. I did. I was actually out. I was out there. I decided not to go to that, that Morgan game. I know You know. I know. You said, look, you said you was in Virginia. I said, dang. He ain't say nothing about Hampton. Yeah. So my Morgan State Bears beat of Hampton Pirates 30 to 28 in Hampton Virginia. Yep. And I say all that to say that college football is back in the NFL. They also kick off their regular season on Thursday with the Baltimore Ravens taking on the Super Bowl, winning Champs, the Kansas City Chiefs and an A FC championship rematch. But let's get to the real issues. Okay. I'm gonna get into the real issues. President Biden, he made his first joint appearance on the campaign trail with Vice President Kamala Harris since exiting the 2024 race. Now speaking at a union rally in Pittsburgh, Biden focused on pro-labor policies and touted himself as the most pro-union president in history.


While showing support for Harris. Now, vice President Harris, she praised Biden's pro-labor stance and said the race for the White House will be a close one. Let's hear more from them. Are you ready to fight? Yes. Are ready to win? Yes. Are you ready to elect Kamala Harris? Our next president of the United States World, Joe Biden has been one of the most transformative presidents in the United States that we have ever written. It's gonna be a tight race to the very end. So let's not pay too much attention to those polls, because as unions and labor knows best, we know what it's like to be the underdog.


Yeah. So they also talked about his infrastructure bill and what he calls the positive impact it had on the US economy. Now, after Biden spoke, of course Harris said the US Steel, which agreed to be bought by Japan's Nepal, Nepal Steel should remain domestically owned and operated. Meanwhile, former president Donald Trump was on a virtual campaign trail over the weekend after participating in video calls with current and retired members of the United Auto Workers, the Union has already endorsed former, or excuse me, vice President Kamala Harris for the White House. But Trump currently doesn't have any other events scheduled until a rally in on Saturday in Wisconsin. His running mate. However, what? You don't have another event scheduled until Saturday.


Saturday, Wisconsin. Of course, that's subject to training. He need an If. you go to they they say the election, he The old man now. Yeah. They say the election actually doesn't start until after Labor Day. So you right now you supposed to let the games begin. Right. So this is the, this is the fourth court. This is the time. Okay. Yeah, yeah. But his roommate, Senator JD Vance, he will be on the campaign, campaign trail this week, including a scheduled visit to Arizona on Wednesday. So tomorrow, yeah. And in case you missed it, over the weekend, or excuse me, on the holiday weekend, on Monday, vehicles and Democratic Vice presidential nominee, Tim Walls, motorcade got involved in a crash on Monday on a way to a campaign event in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Now, according to, according to a pool reporter traveling with them, the Minnesota governor and a staff member in one of the cars suffered, excuse me, the Minnesota governor. He was fine. A staff member in one of the cards. They suffered a broken arm after the collision. Everybody else pretty much walked away. Wall's car was not involved in the crash. And he continued on to the campaign event. Other reporters, however, traveling in the motorcade, they suffered minor injuries. So who, They ran into each other. They ran into each other. Yeah. Ran into each other. Yes. Jesus Christ. Yeah. They ran into each other. Yeah. All I know is, man, You know, like the, the election has officially begun and the VP has to go out there and shake hands and kiss babies because the enthusiasm from Democrats and Democrats alone is not gonna win this election.


Like she needs those undecided, those independents, those hypothetical swing voters. Like you gotta go out there and leave no stone unturned. Yeah. There's a lot of issues. You know, definitely. I'm talking about of course, what happened over the weekend? I mean, there's a lot that happened over the weekend with the, the, the hostage. Of course, president Biden still looking for a hostage deal between Israel and Hamas. Now, the president said he spoke to the parents of an Israeli American hostage who was found dead over the weekend. Let's hear more from President Biden about that situation. I spoke to the American hostage. I spoke to his mom and dad and we're not giving up. Yeah. Biden said he remains hopeful that a deal will get done.


He also said he's not giving up on reaching a deal for the release of these, the other hostages that have been held captive by her Hamas. Now that is American Israeli s Goldberg, Poland was one of six found in tunnels under Gaza. So rest in peace. Yeah, it's Really bad situation. Definitely sending healing energy to the families of those six hostages. I, I don't know what's gonna make that war stop. But I know the killing of hostages is not the answer. Not at all. They killing hostages. That's gonna be the green light for Israel to keep going. That's worse. Yeah, it's gonna make it worse. I can't Imagine living like that. No, absolutely. Yeah. Well, we'll get more into the issues that matter on in the next hour. We'll talk more About it. Thank you Morgan. We'll see you in a little bit.


Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Salute to all the Virgos out there. If, you need to vent. Let us know how your weekend was, what you did. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charla, man. Envy. What up? Are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We lied. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Laha from Columbus. What's Good y'all? Laha from Columbus. What's up? I just wanted to say nv. Wait, is it your birthday today?


Yes. Its girl. It's His Birthday. Least not be, I'm sorry I can't Help y about to rock out with you and That's Happy birthday. Merry Christmas. I thought it was. I thought that was Merry Christmas. Same Difference for Puerto Ricans. Oh my bad. Listen second. How you want it? I know you diminish it, baby. I'm not. Listen, I just wanted to say thank you so much for pulling up to Columbus this weekend. It was lit at the Lincoln Theater. Shout out to Chris Hudson. Shout out to everybody that pulled up. It was Lit Envy. We had a good time. Cisco did the thong song. We, we had a, a great time out there. The thong song. It Was a great time. Can I give a shout out to my people in my booth? Go ahead. First Of all, shout out to my boots Kevon Drie Bay.


I love you. You my every day. I Know that's right Girl. And shout out to Joey h and the head band your girl on the credits on the album. And it's exciting. It's on all digital platforms. Y'all go get it and I'm gonna see y'all soon. Alright, Isha. Have a good one, Pete. So Hold on. You need to tell me performed. And the only song you shouted him out for was the thong song. That's The hit. Yeah, that's a hit. The Drew Hill, the, actually the whole Drew Hill performed. But That's what I'm saying. Cisco Dick Thg songs. What about Thg Song hit You so Hard in the Chest N Beat there. That's the only song you can remember That. That's a great song. Oh, you brought Up the thong song. She didn't bring that up. Th I did. He brought it up. He was like, shout out to Cisco for Doing this song.


Is Drew Hill perform. They, they did a couple of songs and then he got on stage and I'm like, how you gonna get off stage without doing thong songs? Charla I I him thong song. I pulled him a little thick shot. He ain't here telling his truth. Exactly. You know his song. He said, It's my birthday. You gotta do Thg Thong For me. Shout damn. Shout to Desi Banks too. Comedian Desi Banks pulled up on me too. So shout to Desi Banks as well. Hello, who's this Sir? Ja from Indy. Ja from Indy. What's up Ja. Hey, so good morning Breakfast Club Lauren. Good morning Charlamagne. Good morning and DJ Indy. Good morning, happy birthday. Thank you. I called, I was gonna make you an honorary alpha today for your birthday, but I changed my mind. I'm gonna get that honor to Charlamagne. 'cause then I remember you tried to be a new in undergrad.


I Was about to say happy birthday more Kappa Energy. I was actually online. I do, but I'll, I'll tell that story. Wendy. It's Charlamagne's. Definitely that. Yeah. That's a alpha over there. He's a alpha. Hello? Who's this? This Rio. Every happy birthday Rio. What's up brother? Man You know we celebrate man. I'm on the fourth 23rd. I went to Whispers Saturday at a Maso thing. Went to the spot on Avenue being tge, the Palmdale family. Man, we bald man. I'm turning 50. I'm turning 50 tomorrow. Well happy birthday. It's such a blessing to see another day. Right. Happy day brother. Happy birthday Tario. I made it. I made it.


And then Mr. Yes sir. Okay. We wrapped last time but end up hanging up for me and you told me to call back. And. I did. And. I got in contact with. I dunno if those Eddie or the other guy, but they got my information and they never book. That been like two months ago. The book ain't never come yet. Y'all ain't mail the man the book. Hold On. On Trio, we'll put your hold. We'll get your info again Rio. Hey but listen again If. you enjoy your birthday Salute Soldier. Alright man. Thank you brother. One, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. It is up now. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast, Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with Me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not Just me. I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello? Who's this? This is T Shell from Charlotte T. She what up? Get it off your chest. Wanna say happy birthday to my brother DJ Envy? Yes sir. Thank you brother. I appreciate you bro. Always when you come to Charlotte, man You know I always appreciate you when I pick you up from airport, you in June and a good conversation man you have about the motivation. So I appreciate you bro. Happy birthday. Oh, this T she what up T Shell. Yeah. What up bro? Why we ain't doing a birthday party in in Carolina?


Man, you need to set that up. I immediately, Always, always. Yeah. I Call Louis V, let's get Louis V to DJ and let's go down there and turn up. Alright. Got you bro. All right. All right. T she thank you brother. Alright Bro. Peace. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what up baby? What's Up brother? Happy birthday man. Thank you Maji. The Dominican party gonna be smacking tonight. I already know. Hey fe police not be died. No. Stop it. What's up Lauren? Good morning. What's up Char? Morning. Good morning. Peace. Peace. This This is X 1, 4 1, 2 man, Charlotte Main. Yes sir. You snitch with me bro. Did you snitch with me? Oh, You the guy that called last week, the truck driver. I absolutely did. Yeah bro. You called back.


Yeah. So you don't want your job. I absolutely did. Gave you I love My job. I'm gonna work right now. Why would You Call back the, if he didn't, you just reminded him. I, I did. I didn't think a drug test the next day And The drug test ain't got nothing to do with your driving. You said you be running lights. He just joined this ex is the truck driver that called last week that said he be running lights in his truck. The charlamagne called and snitched on him and he said take When you see something, say something. I am a tax paying American citizen and I am here to make my streets safe. Okay Bro, I don't live near you though. It don't matter. You could hurt somebody wherever you at. Right? An injustice anywhere.


A threat to justice everywhere. Well, listen, listen, Listen, listen, listen, listen. Let's clear the air up. Actually I do drive very safe. My Wife, you changed it up. You don't let me, you don't let me drive crazy You. know what I mean? I got two kids, but You know everybody run a stop man. Everybody hit that left. Not in the Mack truck. Here you go. Not in the Mack truck. You run that stop sign, you run a red light, you could hurt somebody. Nah, I'll call again because you don't be nobody Around. But raccoons and crack heads All You know what the, You just said you drive safe and you got babies. Now you talking about don't nobody be around The crackhead. The fact That the radio station, the fact you keep, you keep calling the radio station like You know saying this stuff like this ain't, it's not funny to me.


I feel like he wants to be fired. He Wants collect Them. I'm playing serious. I'm not playing 'em serious. I drive real station. Nice. I ain't get, I ain't get a chicken. Never bro. We he gonna telling you again. And crack heads lives matters. Don't act like crackheads lives don't matter brother. They people You driving in my truck. Hey, hey, all serious I do drive stays. I respect you. I love y'all. Shout to my wife. Ta talk to my kids. Chasing a Ride. Y'all have a good one. Alright brother. He has no idea. He under investigation. Charla ain't tell on him again. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is FAA from Chicago. Say Happy a birthday Andy. Thank you brother. Get it off your chest Man. I just wanted to say good morning to The World. And. I wanted to put a few inspirational bars so everybody get their week started. Ready? Oh boy. All right, go ahead bro. Yo, I hope you ready for your time in case you intercepted.


I hope you hold on to it tight and you don't neglect it. I hope You know that you are Diamond when you feeling pressure, but still unwind and take some time to get your it together. I hope You know that you a soldier in this cover battle. I hope your family and your father and your mother got you and If. you say you got no family and no ones around you. I hope You know that I'm your brother and your brother. Got you. I got a whole version. I'm gonna stop right there though. Alright. That was all right. I ain't mad at that. It's okay. I wouldn't quit. I wouldn't quit my day job You know what I'm saying? But You know it's cool, But he can at least do like a little Part-time shit. So I got some more. But You know I wasn't mad at that. That was all right. I can hear it. Well, gimme me your IG so they can follow you, brother. Definitely follow me on Instagram.


SADH. It's faa. That's S-A-D-A-H. You could follow me anywhere with that whole time. All right. Those bars all time. I was still gonna learn a trade though. Damn. I was still gonna learn a trade. The Rapid Electrician. It's crazy. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit this up right now. Now we got just with the mess with osa. We do so not to dim the mood. I know we're celebrate your birthday, but we will be saying a rest in piece of Fat Man Scoop. And we gonna just party for him one more time. Oh man. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The, Breakfast, Club. Jesus Christ. I mean, the levels of Freak in this room sometimes are insane.


It's Birthday shot. You said you only taking people to Pound Town. I did the Homie. I not say that. I said I'm not giving people fives or pounds anymore because Tell 'em the story. Tell 'em what happened. You said dude fingered you a little sharp. I did not say that. Look at my look at look. See So dudes fingers, they don't cut their nails. So when they give you a pound, I got scratches all over my, my finger Heard You. So now I'm not gonna give anybody like You know Dap anymore. I'm just gonna give you a pound because You know they be man. Anyway, okay. Yeah. No more no foreplay. No, no for you. Just wanna get right to the pounding. We got pounding. Oh my goodness. All Good morning. Happy birthday. I hate you, man.


Let's go man. Music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lies. Don't do Lie. She Don't scare nobody Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So over the weekend, Fatman Scoop passed away and this all started, there was a video that broke of him performing in Connecticut at Town Center Park. And this was a part of like a summer concert series that they were doing up there.


And during the performance, he, you, he literally If, you watch the video, he falls in the performance and they have to perform CPR for him. Let's take a listen to the video. You better give it up a fat man school right now. If. you came the party make some noise. So what happens in that video for those who haven't seen it yet, is he's walking on the stage and he's still trying to entertain the crowd. He gets to the top of the stage where his DJ is, and then he falls after that.


If, you came to party, make some noise, and then you see people behind the DJ booth doing chest compressions on someone. And a lot of people from the crowd were saying that it was a fat man scoop. And then later, not even 24 hours later, but like the next day, news broke that he had actually passed away. This was first confirmed via a statement posted by one of his like tour managers or members of his team. And it said, with, with the heaviest of hearts, I announced the passing of Isaac Freeman II known professionally as Fat Man Scoop. And then his family went on to release a statement. You know, just You know saying with profound sadness and very heavy hearts, they shared the news of the passing of Fat Man Scoop, who was a radiant soul, a beacon of light on the stage and in life.


He was not just a world class performer. He,


Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heights baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the Funk.


Hi. Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent. All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut. Help available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former l plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms


America, we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. At Grand Canyon University, we believe in equal opportunity. And the American dream starts with purpose to serve others in ways that promote human flourishing and create a ripple effect of transformation for generations to come. Find your purpose. At Grand Canyon University. Private Christian, affordable visit gcu.edu.


Was a father, a brother, a uncle, and a friend. Yeah. I I just felt like with that story, it just happened so fast. It was like the news broke the, the CPR was happening. And then next thing You know, I saw a report from the New York Post that he had passed away and Well rest in peace and Fatman scoop. I hate that we have to see that video. But the irony that he died on stage doing what so many people love him for, and his, his last words was him hyping the crowd. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, definitely rest in peace. I mean, Fatman, I known Fatman Scoop a long time. I mean when, and he really started in the industry from the bottom. Like he started as on the street team working for Tommy Boy.


Worked his way up, got him, got him a position on, on radio, and then started doing radio and then doing records. And he was just somebody that I've never seen him upset. Very happy, very willing to give you advice, very willing to give you positive energy. When I first started in radio, he was somebody that I was able to call upon and, and ask him things, whether it was contract negotiation time or just how to, how to do a tease on air or how to close out a break or whatever it may be. Yeah. He, he, he would be willing to give you so much knowledge. And he was a a he was a really great person. You know somebody says you're a good person. Yeah. He had a good heart. He had a good soul. Like I said, he was a great person. He was great to, to me, he was great to my family.


So definitely rest in peace and sending condolences and, and and healing energy to his family. Sad. Absolutely. You know. I went to, I went to college with his brother, so definitely sending healing energy to his, his family and his kids. Did they Say what the cause of death was? So there's no official toxicology report, which would be the exact cause of death. However, the p the CEO of the PR firm that represented Fatman Scoop, her name is Sharon Elbaz. She did give a statement to the Hollywood reporter and she said that he had an energy drink before going on stage and he never drank energy drinks, but he did before this show. So I don't know if the family thinks that that You know may be a part of the reason or whatever, but there is no official cause of death that has been released yet.


But I know Envy, like I saw you posted, I saw you talking about it online. And I know it's your birthday today and You know he left out here If, you can to party make some noise. I, I Can't think of a time in a club or on a radio on a weekend. You don't hear these records, right? My whole life. I'm trying to think. Well, since these records came out, like I can't think of a time You haven't heard these records somewhere. No, for real. Especially that the single ladies one. That's what I'm saying. It's like, wow, I did not Know. And he just a record. Especially single ladies. I don't think they released it. That's the one, right? You don't, not the one for you. He just did a re not, I'm sorry, they're gonna release it. But just a record with jt. I won't that computer screen. He just did a record with jt and it's funny, I was talking to shout to Chris Green who works for the label. I was talking about Scoop. He was like, yeah, scoop just did a record with JT and we about to release it.


And. I'm like, dope. And then a couple of hours later he passed. I'm like, we just talking about it. He was like, yeah. So I'm sure they probably released it in a, in a couple. I don't know if it's a remix or or her next single, but I know he just did a record with JT And And. I do want to say, I mean You know, we don't know what the cause of death is, man. But I just wanna say my brothers and sisters. I cannot stress to you enough how important it is just to stay on top of your cardiovascular health. Yes. Okay. Cardiovascular disease is what leads to You know heart attacks and strokes, all that type of stuff. When you hear a lot of cases about these You know sudden deaths like that, usually it's some type of cardiovascular disease man. And as a person who's dealt with You know anxiety their whole life. I've been in outta the hospital thinking I was having a heart attack.


But a couple of years ago I really started focusing on my cardiovascular health. And that's why I always salute Dr. Puma and Sorin Medical You. know Envy's been to Sorin Medical, go get you a Sorin heart scan. Even If, you You know, not in the New York Tri-state area. Go get that scan that can detect those blockages and plaque or calcification, You know around your heart. 'cause You know coronary artery disease is taking a lot of us out early And just so You know. 'cause when we say that people think it's a procedure, they they gotta put you under. No, what they do is You know it takes probably five minutes. They put a a, it's, I guess it's a fluid in your system and they can track it Warms you up for a second. It warms you up for a second. And I. It takes literally I think five to 10 minutes you're out of there.


And and they can four Minutes, four minutes, four minute evaluation, four minutes. And from that four minutes you can say like, like Charlemagne said, the calcium what runs through your face? Calcification. Calcification. What runs through your heart? The blockages. Yeah, the blockages, the plaque, the calcification You know that be clogging up those arteries, man. And, and leads to those sudden heart attacks and those sudden strokes. How? Yeah. You know how Lauren kept saying how it feels like it happened really fast. It did because it does. It did man. I was like, but when I heard, again, we don't know the official like anything cause of anything, but when I heard CPR just as, just as a person who knows like a CPR background, I was like, that does not sound good. That stuff moves so fast. So yeah. Yeah. So, and and, and last thing, like what Charlemagne said.


If, you do go to the doctor and they do check it out and there's a problem. They can fix it right then and there. Okay. You don't have to come back. They can go right, fix it right then and there so you can have a, a healthier life. And that is just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. All right, now when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan gonna be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, You are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess and let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So yeah, Senator Lindsey Graham says he won't support former President Trump's plan to provide public funding for in vitro fertilization treatments.


That's IVF, the South Carolina Republican told ABCs this week, he believes Trump's comments, were simply trying to signal that he's in favor of IVF. He also says he would consider tax credits for couples using fertility treatments and urge former President Trump to campaign on key issues like the economy, immigration and inflation. Let's hear more from Senator Lindsey Graham. I think he just trying to, to show his support for IVF treatments that You know we've been accused the party has of being a b against birth control. We're not. We've been accused of being against IVF treatments. We're not, I think a tax credit for children makes sense, means tested And I. Think let's look at that concept for people trying to have a child focus on the issues.


Mr. President, every poll says it says the same thing. The American people trust you with what matters the most to them. Yes. So Trump suggested earlier that earlier this week that public funding should go towards IVF treatments and that insurance companies should be required to pay for them in some circumstances. What do you guys think? I think when Lindsey Graham says focus on the issues, the attack on women's reproductive rights is one of their main issues. Hello? Exactly. Okay. I thought just I was alone when Trump was You know trying to jump in and get his foot, his feet wet in that issue. You know makes Sense. They made it one of their main issues. They abolished Roe v. Wade, like that's one of their main issues. The attack on women's reproductive rights is one of their main issues.


So when he says focus on the issues, do y'all made that one of your main issues? Yep. Clean it up. All right. So switching gears. Two Senate bills related to reparations for black Californians couldn't reach the assembly in time. The legislative session ended this past weekend without the assembly agreeing to debate the bills. Now California was the first state in the nation to approve reparations. But as many as 14 bills needed to be debated and passed before that can happen. Now the Senate's Black Caucus president promises to bring the bills back to the floor during the next session. So no reparations moving forward as of right now out of California. And those people were rightfully so upset about that.


Also, in California, a judge is refusing to dismiss manslaughter charges in connection to the shooting death of a black man, Christopher Deandre Mitchell by two then on duty, Torrance, California Police officers, black Lives Matter organizers. Sheila Bates says there needs to be accountability in this case. Let's hear more from her. They did so many things wrong leading up to it, which was ultimately what then led to them killing Christopher Deandre Mitchell. It's incredibly important that we have cases like this that move forward. So On Friday, the Los Angeles Superior Court judge rejected a motion to dismiss the indictment naming Matthew Concannon and Anthony Chavez as defendants in the 2018 Death of Mitchell. The two were responding to reports of a stolen vehicle.


When they saw Mitchell sitting inside a car with a, in a grocery store parking lot, they approached the vehicle and ordered him to get out before shooting him after he allegedly failed to comply. White excessive force there. And I like The judge is making the right decision to meet Then. Yes, yes. Justice should be served as that's a good thing. Yes. For Christopher Deandre Mitchell, say his name and also of Sad News out of New York, you guys here, quote, quote, in New York, the NYPD is saying that six people were shot at the New York City's West Indian Day parade. About three in the afternoon, a gunman jumped onto an Eastern Avenue or Eastern Parkway, excuse me, parade barrier.


And fired into the crowd there. This woman was a witness. Let's hear more from her. A group of guys that came from back there. They jump over there, And, I hear pow, pow. And what I did was I duck on the ground because everybody start running Yes. Praying for one of the victims, reportedly in critical condition. One was shot in the head, another in the shoulder and the wrist. The annual parade of course celebrates Caribbean culture and it was halted for a time, but has resumed again. About 1 million people turned out for the West Indian Day parade, which celebrates Caribbean culture and police presence for the day was heavy and included anti-terrorism and canine units, drones, cameras and more.


We don't have a, a Caribbean parade in DC anymore because of this type of violence, this type of situation. So it's really sad to see that happening in New York. It is crazy when you in American and in your mind, when I hear about stuff like a parade or You know a festival, I wanna stay away from it because it's insane because of this. Yep. Because you, you think it's gonna be some type of mass Shooting. Yeah, so many of my friends this weekend, because it was Labor Day weekend, they were like, oh, You know you're new to New York. Come out enjoy the, because I've never done anything like that. And I was like, it's too many people and you could just walk up with anything. That's literally how I felt. The last couple of years has been very safe. They haven't had any incidents. I know this year they had incidents in, in, in the past. They've had incidents before. But it's very sad 'cause people just wanna celebrate their island.


They wanna celebrate their Caribbean roots. People wanna just listen to great music, eat great food, and you don't want to see that. It it is, it is effed up that you hear this all the time, but there's so much good in those parades. There's so many positive energy, so many positive people, so many positive things. You really get to learn so much about somebody's culture. So it's so disgusting that this one incident can affect millions of people's parades. So Is the Dominican parade the same envy? Do they have different safety precautions? I'm, I'm not Dominican sir. I'm from the, my father is half from the island of Dominica, which is not Dominican. So you're Dominican, you're half do Dominican. Oh, That's Caribbean. That's that's Caribbean, sir. That's not Dominican Republic. It's Wait, What are you? I thought Hold On Dominic. It's Crazy how you don't claim it people until it's time, until it's time to get a check.


I talk Never Heard You know. I ain't never heard you say that. They, We say it all the time. My dad is Dominican, half black, half from the island of Dominican, which is not Dominican Republic. Dominica Vy. We should talk about this before we took this shot. You confusing me. Oh my God. What is happening there? It's a different country. Why he nominated for a award then if he's not Dominican? I don't know Because that is Latin America. I You know why I'm nominated for Latin Award. But it is what it is. It's is sad, just sad Signal To my from Dot get too much into that. 'cause you, we going and we start, they Don't know nothing about Dominica. They don't know nothing about Caribbean culture. That's why you have to go to the Caribbean parade. See, I just saying let's, yeah.


All right. So that's your front page news following me on You, you Jamaican Morgan. I, listen, we don't wanna run down mine. Okay. This, this, yeah. Anyways. Yeah, but I I just have some West Indian in me. Okay. I I I'm from America though. Okay. I have some good, some I I'm good here. I'm good here. A lot of mercy. Don't try to take my cards. No, I'm just kidding. No, I'm here. Alright. But that's your front page news. Follow me on social media at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow that black information Network and download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BN news.com. Alright. Rogan said don't take her calls. Are you working here? Illegal Morgan? I'm joking, I'm joking. Oh Lord, she was Jesus. I mean, you just blew her phone. I got a number for that.


No, I'm definitely a citizen For that. You been snitching week. See something said something Don't call is crazy me, I'm a citizen of America. That was front page news. Yes. Now we had a topic for the 7:00 AM hour. What was it? Yeah, we are opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. So Mac came in here, our producer Mac, he was a little upset. He got into a argument with one of his people and he was saying 800. What you mean? 1 0 5, 1. I'm gonna tell you, one of his peoples told him something and said, yeah, don't tell anybody You know. It's like You know, I'm telling you something, don't tell anybody. And Mac said, okay, sure. Mac wound up telling his girl Like y'all always do. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Wait, hold on.


No Mac told something to someone. And then they told their girl and their girl brought it up To Mac. If somebody tell me if, so if somebody tells me not to tell somebody something, You're gonna tell somebody. Especially your I'm not here. No I'm not. You supposed to. I No, you're not. No. I told my boys something And he told his girl. He told His girl. Yeah. And then I was around them and she said something to me about the thing. I told him not to tell nobody. But Right when you said something to him, you knew he was gonna tell his girl. At least You know the girlfriend. I didn't told him don't tell Nobody y'all be No, listen, This is the thing. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Charlemagne obviously doesn't feel the same way, but If you tell me. I'm telling my wife, I I feel like you, that's a like, I specifically will say to my friends, do not tell such and such.


Like, there are certain things that are off limits and they know that. But you specify it. Like We we're in, we're in a relationship. You tell me, I'm, I'm gonna tell her like everything matter. I Don't know. I, I tell Her everything. She tells me everything. I don't know nothing about any of my friends. I mean, my wife's friends, like my wife got her friend circle and I'm sure that they tell her things and she don't come back and tell me like, no. And it's, and it is vice versa. If I got friends that tell me something, I just don't go tell my wife. If somebody asks me not to say something to somebody, I'm not gonna say anything. Including my wife. Like, that's ridiculous. Well, not me. If If you tell me something, you she's an extension of me, You know. I'm gonna tell her Not everything. Certain things not, shouldn't even be be discussed with your friend's men.


Like just You know, like You know. You would be in a chat with your homegirls talking about like, You know your dating life or like sex with your, like just certain things. There's Nothing off. Limit My crib. We talk about everything. And by the way, I'm gonna tell you what Mack messed up at. What? Or Mac. Mac can hear you. Oh no, I don't know if he can hear me. Yeah, I can hear you. I thought I heard somebody say this earlier. If, you told your friend right? Not to say something. Did your friend say to you, well, yo You know I'm gonna tell my wife? No, he Didn't say that. Okay, so if you're not, if you're not, if that friend, if and envy, if somebody tells you something and you don't and you don't say to them, well You know I'm gonna tell my wife. Then you, then you're a liar. Why? Why give that person your words? You're not gonna say that. Gimme the heads. Tell like, yo, I'm not gonna tell nobody except such and such.


Exactly. You a liar. Well Let's, and then she said it around me too. I'm like, how you, I mean, She messed up the cold though. She she's supposed to hold It down. She she's supposed to hold That code down. She's supposed to show up real neutral until she has to not like you. She Didn't know it was a cold. It's not like the dude, it like, it's not like her. It, it's code. This is dope. Her man didn't definitely a code. Her man didn't go to her and say her man didn't go to her and say, Hey now don't say nothing to Mac. Everybody Got a pillow talk code. It's like unspoken Pillow. Talking is unspoken. It's unspoken. You're not supposed to go and and release that information. But let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. If your spouse or your girl or your man tells you something, are you supposed to tell your, your, your significant other? No. Yes.


Especially if the person said to you. Don't tell nobody bro. Yo, I'm just telling you bro. Nobody includes your significant other. Don't Say nothing. I'm just saying it's Between me and you. Don't say nothing to nobody. It's different than yo, don't mention this to your girl. Like it's different that, that's different y'all. I said it's Between me. You not, don't mention to a girl her. And If certain stuff you just know, you don't tell your significant other about your friends. But like some stuff is just, If somebody tells me, I'm telling you this And I don't want you to tell nobody. Nobody means nobody. Nobody baby Nobody doesn't tell nobody about you. Say don't Tell nobody. 805 8. I know who not to tell nobody in nothing in this room. Don't tell me nothing. Don't tell nobody in this room.


You can. Hey, don't tell nobody. You can tell me I'm the only one. That room ain't got nobody to tell. Yeah, you. It's just me out here. So you could tell I'm gonna talk to the walls. You ain't got nobody tell we can tell you everything. Oh, All right. Relax. And. I want everybody to know when somebody tells me something, if I know it's something that needs to be repeated, I'll tell them right then and there. You know I ain't keeping this to myself. Right. Okay. Yeah, I respect that. Well You can't say that after I tell you now. You can't. No. I You know. Tell everybody as soon, as soon as you say to me, Hey, I'm gonna tell you something, but don't tell nobody. It depends what it is. I reserve the right, I reserve The right. Hey done. Drink 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ JNV. Just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess If. you just joining us. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now our producer Mack got into an argument with his peoples over the weekend. He told his man something and said don't tell anybody. And his man told his girl and then when they got up together, his girl told her. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you are in a relationship and somebody tells you something. Are you telling your partner yes or no? Me? Absolutely. Positively. Yes. You tell me. I'm telling my wife like, like it is what it is.


I've been with her over 30 years. She's an extension of me. You tell me something I'm telling her. And you feel like your friends kind of know like they know. Yeah, my friend know Like Yeah because they probably come to y'all for advice at this point. Absolutely. They'll call her for advice. Absolutely. They, they know what it is. It's without a doubt. Well, Well we can't ask you that word. No. When I but Charla Whoa, Hold on. Don't just skip over me like that. Oh, I'm a single ladies. Oh, I'm a single lady. Oh, single lady. Put your hands up. Okay, well when I do have a person, I, I talk to them about stuff but certain stuff though is off limits. 'cause like You know, you just don't want your partner looking at your friends a certain way. You know if they name her face or it's just certain things you just don't want them to know.


But for the most part, yeah, you share everything. My answer is no If, you tell me something and you tell me not to say something. I'm not saying anything You know significant other or otherwise. And honestly I think that's kind of dangerous. Right. It's kind of dangerous. Like, because now if this suppose I want to come do something to you because I know that you got some information that you not that, that you that You know some information that could get me in trouble. But now I know you done told your significant other and you done told The World. I tell my significant other. Now I gotta take both of y'all out. What, what, what are you talking about? What I'm talking about? You listen to what you think. Basically He seen him like people who run his mouth.


'cause certain things should be secretive. Right. That That's the truth. If, if, if, if, if somebody was coming to get you because they know you had some information that they gotta take you out. 'cause You know this information. They also know that you like to tell your significant other. Now I gotta take both of y'all out. But so what are you into Char? Why If you out? That's 40 said that's why E 40 said never tell your woman or her all your business because she might end up being an eye witness. Well, speaking of Hello, Who's this Happy birthday my baby. Hi that. Hey, hey.


Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened is called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler. Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and stok in the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction. All conditions always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration scene, Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo.


It's my baby. What's up baby? Nothing. Just waiting for you to come home after work. Have an amazing day planned for you. Ow. Ow. Now babe. Now what you now we were just having this conversation. I was telling them, if one of my friends tell me something, they all, you supposed to tell your significant other. So if one of your friends tells you something that maybe they don't want you to repeat, do you tell me I do. See, And If, and one of my friends tell me something. Hold On, hold on. Go. There's, there's listen. All of my friends know. So it's, it's technically, it's not secret. I let them know ahead of time. Like If, you tell me you are what I, you're indirectly telling my husband.


And that's what I said If. You don't want him to know If. you don't want him to know. Don't tell me. But see that there's a difference. Gia has given them the terms and conditions not doing well after certain time. Not doing That. No. After a certain time you just know y'all. No, no, it's not. No. After a certain time, you have to let the friend know. If the friend says, Hey, I'm telling you this, I don't want you to tell nobody If, you say to them, Hey, I gotta tell my husband. And they continue to proceed to tell you that's on them. Hey G, y'all not doing that. Y'all just taking the information and saying, oh, I got you. I got your ankle to tell nobody. Hey g If you. Hey, how are you? Good morning. How are you? Beautiful. I'm Doing good. Don't you feel like there's a kind of like a, a unspoken rule though, at a certain point with your friends where they know certain things are probably gonna be, be discussed with y'all.


Do you feel like that? Is that a thing? Absolutely. That's what I'm saying. Charlotte And If, you are said friend and You know that your friend has a boo If. you don't want it to be repeated. You can't tell that friend. All right, well thank you baby. You are welcome. How are home? So Lauren Lar, she's coming out tonight with us too. So she gonna be, we partying with her tonight? She's coming out. Oh, Is that right? Have your BC powder ready? Well, Everybody up here is coming out, so we gonna have a lot of for She already started, she already started giving me shots this morning. He only Took one. He wants Was enough. One was enough. 'cause I, I felt that one shot all baby. Love you. Yeah. You got about eight more coming to you tonight. I know that's right. You come to work tomorrow, y'all. Oh, We got a meeting after. I gotta come to work.


Alright baby. Love you Lauren. Lauren Talk. Alright. They love you too Lauren. Talk about bring your BC pot and not knowing that them guys from the 19 hundreds like cocaine. Okay. You, you gonna get introduced to a new type of pot tonight. Lord. I Moved here from la. It's the, I've been there. Seen it. We Have Bia on the line. Bia. Good morning. Oh, Bria. Yes, it's Bria. Bria. Do you tell your boyfriend everything? So I have a girlfriend Envy And. I completely. That's like my best friend. So I tell her everything and either way she go her for seven years. And I. Oh, your phone's cutting in and out. Bria To find out Your phone was cutting out in and out. Bria. But you tell your girl everything you say. You hear me? Yeah, I can hear you now. Yeah. So we've been together for seven years. Anyway, she goes through my Phone.


This, this God with this is this God with saying he wants y'all to shut the hell up on this radio this morning. Okay? Y'all don't respect your, your word means nothing. Hello. Who's this Manny from North Carolina. Manny from North Carolina. Now If you, if your peoples tell you something, do you tell your girl or your wife? I'm telling, I'm telling. I'm telling. As soon as I get off the phone, I'm telling my wife Immediately. Immediately. It's some, Some, some suckers That we can't, that we can't let leak out. It's some stuff that they'll tell me specifically. Look, don't tell your wife. But if if it's just general information, she's gonna find out. Well that's the, but once again, these people are laying down their terms and conditions. They asking you don't tell your wife or you some of y first call or some of y'all get told that and still go tell your wife.


Nah, nah, that's a little crazy. But I'm the one in the group chat that everybody call for the advice and they, everybody tells me everything. So they already know I'm gonna tell it. Or You know. They hit you with the who you with who when you call. Yeah. Like, hey, who you with? Who you in the car with? It's just like, okay. That's, that's the worst thing when you ask somebody who you with and you on speaker for who You with. See the good group chats got a code. We don't even gotta say who you with to be asking who you with. What's your code? What you say? I'm like You. know what? Put it out there. That's why you single. No, because You got code 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking do you tell your significant other everything. If your friends say, I'm gonna tell you something. Do you tell your man? Do you tell your girl? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning.


If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. If you're just joining us, Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess. We're asking if you're told a secret, do you tell your significant other? That is the question. Hello? Who's this? Hey, good morning, this is Jamila. Hey Jamila. Good morning. Good Morning. Do you tell your significant other everything? Well I do. Right, but not on some, not always On some like, oh, I got some seed for you. Sometimes You know you, you say a significant other something out of accident like y'all having a conversation 'cause y'all communicate on a daily basis or a whole lot or often.


And You know y'all are talking about a certain situation and y'all just, you You know. It just comes up in the conversation. Like you don't have to be like, Ooh, You know I got some tea. But I might just tell you just because we're talking about something that might be related to that situation. Yeah. Okay. Well thank you mama. It just slips out. Hello? Who's this? Hey, how you doing? This is low. Low. What's up? We're asking do you tell your significant other everything? Yes, For the most part I do. Now it just depends on the sensitivity of the, the the information. Like hypothetical when I was in the military. Yeah, if I gotta go to Iraq, I can tell you that. But I can't give you mission specific details You know what I'm saying? Because then that'll compromise the, the security of everyone else.


If that makes sense. That's right. Are You going too far now? We was just talking about some gossip. He's, he's I know, I know, but he's Right. But that's a good example to use. 'cause I was listening to you guys on the radio, so You know. I mean I I mean I think that's the best example. Okay. You're absolutely right. That's what I was was telling them just now. A lot of times you put You know your people in danger because If, you have some information that is detrimental to someone and people think it's only you. Now that they know you also tell your significant other everything. I gotta take them out too. What y'all Working for? The CIA Big, big twy. What it do? What up big twisty. Where you calling from? I'm calling from Cincinnati, Ohio. First I want to say I love y'all man. We love you back brother.


Charlamagne. You make me proud every day. If. you make me proud every day. I love you Lady. Thank you King. Thank you. So we asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If one of your homies tell you something bro, do you go back and tell your wife or your girl? Listen, feel me? You don't tell her you don't You know Why? Why you and your girl be y'all? Let the barbecue at a party. Jeremy over there with this girl. You wasn't saying that Jeremy cheating on his so I know You. know what I mean? Oh damn. Oh yeah. She's definitely a sad, she Gonna throw it in your face eventually or throw it at your peoples and then you looking like, ugh. Yeah. Seems like this happened to you before, bro. Man, I done been through it all You. know what I mean? Dang. But you also know which friends your girl don't like.


I've seen it all, done it all and it's crazy. But keep that fellas sit on that. Be quiet with me and chatty patties out here, dudes. Yeah, I I it is just a respect thing too. All you got is your word and your, your, your word. Your word should be born You. know what I'm saying? Like, so if somebody says to you, don't tell nobody and you say to that person, I got you. I'm not gonna tell nobody. But then you go tell the wife you can't sit around and, and and, and and and rationalize that by saying, oh it's just a giving. That's my wife. No, you gave that person your word that you're not gonna say nothing to nobody. Hello? Who's this? This is Crystal. Hey Crystal. Good morning. Where you calling from? Virginia. Virginia. What part? I'm Newport News. I just seen you the weekend. Oh you was at the cousin's festival?


Of course that was family. That's my people. Oh that wasn't that such a beautiful festival that they put on. It Was. We had a ball. We sure did. But now 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking if your man tells you something, your people tell you something. Are you going back and telling your significant other? No, because you don't know if You know your significant other is abla of mouth. 'cause they have people that they trust to. So of course they may go home and tell their wife or husband and they trust somebody too. So If, you tell them. They might be like, oh, I can't hold a piece so I need to tell somebody, but I just don't agree with it. Nobody needs nobody. Okay, thank you mama. So what's the moral of the story guys? The Moral of the story is your word should be your bond.


So if somebody comes to you and somebody says, Hey, don't tell nobody. You either tell that person, look You know I'm gonna tell my wife. Or you give that person your word and you stand on that. You don't tell nobody. Okay, well I'm just telling everybody out there now, If, you tell me something I'm gonna tell my wife immediately so we know. We clear. Tell him. Who you telling Lauren? Why you being funny? Why you Being funny? Who you telling Lauren? Why you being Funny? Who you telling Lauren? Put a ring on it. Alright, Just hit put a written one. We got just with the mess. Coming up with L Laro.


What we talking about? We do. Adele is taking a break. She wants to start a live her new life that she's created for herself. So she's taking a break. From Music. Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Right morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Feeling in for Jess. Good morning. What's happening? Happy birthday to our Virgo brother DJ Envy. Thank Virgo Energy here. Yes, Big Virgo energy man. Yes, Yes, yes. Thank you guys. I don't like too many male Virgos to be honest with you. Envy might be like the only one. Why? What's your issue? Oh, I got a lot of issues. He Has a lot. Don't don't start. Don't, don't Start, start.


Y'all both don't start. Aren't You a cancer? Yes I am. Oh, best sign there is. It's the feelings thing. It's a battle or the emotions. Yeah. Nah, it's just a lot of male vir just never wanna admit suckers. Nah, it's just a lot of male burgles I met been a suck. He's not a lot of, there's a, there's some really good ones though. Like my man, there's a lot of good ones. Matter of fact, it's two that I can think of. Envy and my man Swiss beat salute the Swiss Shout to Swizzy. Swiss a Virgo, right? Swiss is a Virgo. Yeah, Ludacris is a Virgo. Na Is a Virgo. Beyonce is a Virgo. But she She's A woman. She's a woman. But just You know. Yeah. I'm only basing this off one person. You know that's all it takes. Just One person. She's sky's crazy.


That's all's Over my head. It's the shot. Huh? It's going over my head. It's the shot I'm gonna be able to recall in a second. All Right, well we got just with the mess with LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? Yes, Adele. She is taking a break after she finishes her residency in Vegas. She needs some time. Okay. Isn't she getting married? Isn't She's Engaged. Right. We gonna get into all of what You know the break may tell. Alright, We'll get into that next. Don't move us. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne. God we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't spare nobody bro.


Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So over the holiday weekend, Adele made a big revelation that she's actually gonna be taking a step back and taking a break. She didn't specify for exactly how long, but she did tell fans while on stage that it was gonna be for a very long time. Let's take a listen. I Have really enjoyed performing For nearly three years now, which is the longest I've ever done and probably the longest I will ever do. And I. I have 10 shows left after this. But after that I will not see you for an incredibly long time.


And I will hold you dear in my heart for that whole next of my break. It has been amazing. I just need a race. And I spent the lasting seven Years. She got a man now And, I wanna live in And, I wanna live my new life. She got emotional at the end. So at the end of that video, she gets emotional. She's talking about she's created this whole new life for herself and she just wants to live that life. So she does get emotional and yes, that's the first thing fans started saying is, look, rich Paul bringing my girl back inside. She You know we, we talked about this a bit where she had flashed the ring to the audience to a fan who had a will you marry me sign? And she was like, I can't marry you. I'm already engaged. So people were speculating that that means a wedding is coming potentially maybe more kids.


She already does have a son from her previous marriage. But she said over these last like year or two, that new music is not in her near future. She wants to work on other creative projects. Okay. Her, I mean she's still selling. Well she had over like 75,000 people show up in Germany. Oh wow. She still has the Vegas residency she has to complete. So she's still making the money. It just seems like You know she's 36, she wants to fuck, she wants To live her life, that's All. Yeah, she be Ade is home already. Y'all she been home. Ade is her. Okay, now she got her man, she's rich. She wanna live her life. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Tired of being in these streets. She don't wanna be outside no more. Lauren can't relate. I knew Was coming. Damn Lauren. What? Like I felt, it's like I felt shade felt it was coming, felt like You.


know what I mean? What'd I say? Alright, moving on Mason cam, they brought back it is what it is. This is their fifth season that they kicked it off and You know how Kim does the freestyle sometimes. Yep. This time around for the new season. Mace dropped a freestyle to welcome us back, Man. He went in on that freestyle. I was thinking like, yeah Man, He killed it. It's not too many artists that like are like my rappers right now, that that amount of time could pass. And they gonna be that How nice, how nice Mace was. Like they think of Mason, they think of the Diddy records and the what you wanna want, what you want. But Mac, you Mace gets busy. Like busy, Busy. I I will say Mace and Cam's flows have have aged very well.


Yes or amazing, like fine wine because Yeah, because neither one of them sound much different than they did when they was younger. Right. It's just that their flows and deliveries have aged just have aged very, very well. I don't, I, I don't know any other way to Say it. Yes sir. And Mace also addressed the ozempic rumors that people have been asking about Take a listen, You took the needle. Like you took the needle. They said you might have seen That's the I want, that's the hate I needed right there. That was all. Yeah. So, So what'd you do to lose the weight man? Oh man, I, I signed up with this, this coach named Ricky Moore. That's, I'm like a professional bodybuilder and he just put me on the alkaline diet.


So I went, I'm only eating fruit, vegetable, and water for now. What's wrong with, if he did take Ozempic? Why is it such a thing for men that have to be like, I didn't take Ozempic. Like Why do y'all think everybody that loses weight now has to be on Ozempic? Like You know there, there is still ways to lose weight without doing ozempic. Y'all do Know that, right? Yeah. It'd be so fast though for Some people. But it'd be so fast though. You know. So it's like when, when you see people and they lose the weight in in a couple of weeks, people are like, wait a minute, wait a minute. Like you can't lose weight that fast, healthy, so people automatically assume it's ozempic. I just don't understand if he did do it and he said he didn't, but if he did, what is the issue? Like, is that a thing for, because y'all go and take those little powder supplements to build muscle, but you can't do anything to reverse all the like I'm confused.


Yeah, I mean it, it's, it's a question that, and, and maybe we show up the phone lines too. Eight hundred, five, five. Oh, I also also didn't, I also never looked at Mason thought Mac is fat. So I mean He wasn't fat, but he was, he was a little, he was a little You know eating good, living good and By, and and by the way, you'll be surprised how If you cut out alcohol. If, you cut out sugars, If, you cut out carbs and you really do just stick to like a really healthy diet and water for a couple of weeks. You'll be, you'll you'll see some results pretty fast. Yeah. So let's, let's open up the phone lines when we come back after donkey. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You know a lot of people, I think it's like Ozempic Shaman, right? They said Mace did it. They said Lizzo did it.


They said comedian Rel did it. So 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I mean, if people use Ozempic, why is that a negative? What's wrong with the pick? Like, like You know. Why, why, why is that a negative? I just think it's a negative when people take Ozempic and they say they worked out for it. But that's the same thing as like girls and guys now getting their bodies done and, and then going to the gym. It's like you just, sometimes you, you're ashamed to say you had to get some help. People follow these individuals. Like somebody will follow Lizzo and be like, oh well I wanna be on the same routine as that. And then they start doing it and they can't lose 60 pounds in two weeks, three weeks in weeks. Who said That? They losing 60 pounds? I'm not that much but You know what I mean? Y'all just making stuff up. Right.


Two weeks, three weeks is a little extreme. But what you get, what he's saying though is like, no, I don't. Yeah, because the girls that be doing a flat tummy tee, it be really people buying them tees thinking, okay, I'm gonna look like sis and no Char Aint bought a flat tummy tea before. Really? Ain't never bought no flat tummy tee. By the way. Even when it comes to people like Mason, Lizzo, You know y'all don't be seeing these people for weeks. Right. And so, and you don't see their routines every day. So you don't know how they eating. You don't know how they working now If, you don't know what they doing and then they pop out And I ain't You know what? No. Well, well What you, what you wanna pick? No, I just ain't even paying attention to Lizzo to see the, the weight that she lost.


No Lizzo, Lizzo looks good. Like she, I mean Oh, okay. It's not like insanely she look super skinny. I'm not for sure. But she, you, she noticeably looks different than some of her previous posts even though there's still weight there. But she looks great. And when and, and when y'all saw this reveal, I didn't think Olympic with Lizzo. How long, how long have you seen when the last time you seen Lizzo before this reveal is what I'm saying? I Don't even remember Honestly. Exactly. That's my point. So you, these people could be working out every day eating You know, doing what they supposed to be doing, but then y'all just blame it on Ozempic. I'm, I'm not mad at Ozempic. If Ozempic is gonna get you to that weight that you need to make you a healthier person. So that weight is not on your limbs. That weight is not on your heart. I'm not mad at it. Oh. So This is something that people have been doing for a very long time.


It's just now we're talking about it. How long you did? When's the last time you did it? No Pic Little. I'm I'm Little. Oh, Ozempic is not new. This, I Mean it's new for us back in the Yeah. You know. Come on. You used to lose weight around us. We say you was, you had AIDS or you was on crack? Crack. Yeah, it was crack. Alright, well we'll talk about it when we come back. 805 85 1 0 5 1. Why is it a negative thing? That was just the, just with the mess with Lauren Osa. Now Charlamagne, who you giving that down? Katu. Aw man. We need Donald Trump to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him this morning, please. All right, we'll get to that. Nexus. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning America. America has a problem. Wade been overturn taking black judge. The Supreme Court has Issued a ruling on the extent of presidential immunity from criminal prosecution.


Justice. Shocking body camera video released today shows the deadly police shooting. It feels like my country doesn't love me. Charlemagne, now is not the time to sit this one out. It's time. Don't give the day. America's the big reality TV show On The. Breakfast. Club. Would you rather have the black president or a white president have a problem figuring out when you're Premier Trump and you ain't black? It's enough. America has A problem. Yes, Don. Here today for Tuesday, September 3rd, DJ Envy's Born Day Yes, goes to the 45th president of the United States of America. Donald J. Trump. A man I call Dope 45 a man who is running to be president again. But I've already told you, I truly don't believe he wants to run anymore.


Okay. This man was facing 88 criminal charges. I think it was 88. I lose count. He was convicted of 34 of them. He's been shot at at some point. Enough has to.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hes Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo Be enough.


And I truly believe he wants to Republicans to do him the way the Democrats did. Joe Biden, yes, Trump wants out, but Republicans have become the party of cowards because they've let MAGA just take over and MAGA has completely wiped its ass with traditional conservative values. So they don't have the courage to push him out because they are scared of how the coat of MAGA will react. Now, when I say to folks, I don't think Donald Trump wants to run anymore, they look at me like I'm insane. Well, I have You know new evidence to back up my claims. And that's why we are here today. See Donald Trump, a man who faced the federal indictment, which accused him of illegally trying to overturn the 2020 election loss. In fact, a week ago, Trump faced a revised federal indictment of that charge with prosecutors narrowing their approach After a US Supreme Court ruled that former presidents have broad immunity from criminal prosecution.


Yes. You all remember that ruling that happened over the summer where they basically made presidents above the law. So Trump is immune from criminal prosecution for actions that were within his constitutional powers as president. And clearly he's standing on that. Okay? Because he did an interview with Fox News yesterday, and according to Donald J. Trump, and the Jay must stand for Jackass, he had every right to interfere in the 2020 election. I can't make this kind of stuff up people. Let's go to Fox News to listen. It's so crazy that my poll numbers go up. Whoever heard you get indicted for interfering with a presidential election where you have every right to do it, you get indicted and your poll numbers go up.


Can I can, can I hear it one more time? Red please. Just one more time. It's so crazy that my poll numbers go up. Whoever heard you get indicted for interfering with a presidential election where you have every right to do it, you get indicted and your poll numbers go up. Donald J. Trump is over it. Okay? Donald J. Trump is over it. Okay? Donald J. Trump don't give a damn about the law. He doesn't give a damn about the constitution. He doesn't give a damn about running for president no more. And he doesn't give a damn about your right to vote in a free and fair election. Okay? He was just okay, re indicted again last week, all right? For his efforts to overturn the 2020 election.


And then you sit with Fox News on Sunday and say you had every right to do it. You had every right to interfere with the results of a free and fair election. That one statement defies logic, decency, and the principles of democracy all at once. Okay? I don't know if Donald Trump is arrogant or stupid. The safe bet is both all right? Because he openly admits that he believes he has the right to meddle with the democratic process. CNN, M-S-N-B-C Fox topics like this should be what you make points of debate. Okay? Whether Vice President Kamala Harris is black, whether Vice President Kamala Harris is a DEI hire, those are nothing burgers compared to the fact that a former president who was indicted for attempting to overturn the results of the election just told you he believes he had every right to do it.


Because in his mind, the presidency comes with a golden ticket to do whatever you want, including disregarding the very foundation of American democracy. Donald Trump is truly the Frankenstein monster of white supremacy. He's what happens when privilege goes unchecked. Okay? Donald Trump is the only white man in America who makes other white men in America feel like niggas. Okay? Let's just talk about the fact that the United States is a country built on the principle that the will of the people expressed through free and fair elections is sacred, okay? Elections are not supposed to be tampered with by people in power, okay? They are meant to reflect what we the people want.


But we have a person who swore an oath to uphold the constitution claiming that he had the right, the undermine, the very process that ensures the peaceful transfer of power. The same man who said we should terminate parts of the Constitution to overthrow the results of the election is added again. Listen, I don't have to tell you how dangerous this is, do I? Okay. This is the same mindset that arose trust in our democratic institutions and encourages the code of MAGA to believe that rules don't apply to them if they don't like the outcome. And it's this mindset that led to an attempted co in this country on January 6th, 2021. I don't care what your political affiliation is, I don't care what party you represent, but at the end of the day, we all have to believe in democracy.


And when Trump talks like this, it's a slap in the face to those of us who believe in democracy. It's a slap in the face to democracy, period. It's like we prostitutes and he's just peeing on us because he feels like he can. Okay? He has a sense of entitlement that I believe naturally exists in him. But then when you have a supreme court that is no longer legitimate and does his bidding and gave him presidential immunity, and he has all these elected officials that are MAGA all around the country and they will refuse to certify the results of the election, when you hold in all those Trump cards, no pun intended, you talk spicy like how he's talking right here, let me hit a clip again, right? It's so crazy that my poll numbers go up.


Whoever heard you get indicted for interfering with a presidential election where you have every right to do it, you get indicted and your poll numbers go up. America, America, America. Do we believe in democracy or not? If so, what are we going to do about this man who openly admits to what can only be described as an attack on democracy? And once again, I don't care, If, you, Republican, Democrat, independent. Nobody. Okay? Nobody. Whether you're republican, democrat, independent corporate lobbyists, these pacs, nobody, no matter how powerful has the right to interfere with the will of the people.


Please let Remy ma give Donald J. Trump the biggest. He haw Hee heehaw you stupid mother. Are You dumb? There's no way in hell that CNN. M-S-N-B-C, Fox, well maybe not Fox, because their agenda is to make Trump look great at all costs. But CNN, M-S-N-B-C, every other news outlet, these should be your points of debate all week. Okay? If this doesn't feed into the Trump wants to be a dictator narrative, then I don't know what does. Alright? Hmm. No, it's okay. What I gonna say, I was gonna ask what energy you think he gonna be given at the debate? Oh, I think that Donald Trump is gonna get dog walked the debate.


And the reason I think he's gonna get dog walk at the debate is because there's really no way Vice President Kamala Harris can lose. Because let's just say You know, it's a, it's a healthy debate where they respectfully You know, disagree with each other, never we Exactly right. But let's just say hypothetically that does happen. You know, in that case, she'll just win off knowing more. She'll just win off being an experienced politician who understands policy and things of that nature. She'll win off that. But to your point, Lauren, we know that's not gonna be the case. So he's gonna overtalk her, he's gonna overpower her, he's going to insult her, and he's gonna look like a madman up there.


So she really can't lose Either way. Yeah, I don't, I don't think he'll do that. 'cause they're gonna mute those mics though. But I think he's gonna look crazy. He's gonna look tired. I think he's gonna try to disrespect her. Like you said. I, I think he's gonna try to all types of false claims. He's gonna say he's gonna get up there sounding stupid. I Don't think they should mute the mics. If I was the, if I was the vice president, I would want the mics open just for that. Exactly. For the reason I just said. 'cause he's going to try to overtalk her. He's going to insult her. He's, he's, he's, he's gonna be cutting her off. Let him look like a mad man. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Now If, you just joined us. We were asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 Salute to Mace. It is what it is. What it is, right? Yes, it what it is.


It's name, the name of the show. Yeah, fifth season Emmy Cameron. The fifth season just came out and he, when he came back, he lost a lot of weight. People said he was on Ozempic, but he said he worked out. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It seems like a thing where people lose weight. The first thing people say is Ozempic. We've seen it with Lizzo, we've seen it with comedian Rel. So we're asking is Ozempic a negative thing? Why do y'all shame ozempic so much? I don't even think it's Abouting Ozempic. I just think that they be hating when they see people lose a lot of weight. 'cause they don't have the discipline, the dedication You know to, to make the lifestyle changes, to lose the weight. So they just wanna put Ozempic on everybody. All right, so we're asking is it a negative thing? Why is it a negative thing? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The.


Breakfast Club. Steady Calling my phone call My phone. Tell It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV. Just Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess If. you just joining us. We're asking Ozempic, is it, why is it so negative? This came up from a conversation. Shout to Murder Mace. He came back for his fifth season of their show. It is what it is with Cameron. And people said he lost a lot of weight. It was Ozempic. We seen that happen with Lizzo. We've seen it happen with Lil Rel. So we're asking why is Ozempic a negative thing?


All right, let's start with you Lauren. Do you think it's a negative thing? I don't think it's negative. I think If, you got, if that's what you need to do to help you, some people have issues where they can't, even if they are consistent, they can't lose weight. So You know what I mean? Do what you need to do, even if not, do whatever it is you wanna do. I, yeah, I'm with you. I, I I say do whatever it is to make you happy. The only problem I have is when people pretend that they're working out and they're really taking a shot and, and especially with celebrities, the reason I hate it is people follow celebrities a lot. So they'll feel like You know what if this celebrity's doing it, this inspiration for me and really that that celebrity is taking a shot. Whose Fault is that though? 'cause why would you believe what someone's posting on Instagram? Alright, Perfect example. You remember when Oprah was doing Weight Watchers? Yeah. And people thought that example, you remember when Oprah was doing Weight Watchers?


Yeah. And people thought that they didn't think about it through Weight Watchers. Did you believe that? But it was so right, Man, please, y'all had call out here with a whole Weight Watchers deal and ain't nobody say nothing tall ain't losing damn pounds. Excuse me. Last time I was here I said something, y'all was like, Ooh, that's a shot. And I'm like, no, he really be working out and never lose his Weight. No, he took the shot. We didn't think he, yo, Get outta here. Yo, I just don't think that there, like, if, if If you believe that that's on you to be that gullible and Yeah. People do what they need to do. Alright, well, Charlamagne what you think? Well, I, I don't, I I don't think it's considered negative. I think nowadays when you see someone lose weight, that's just a trendy thing to say, oh, you on that old pic.


But mad people lose weight the old fashioned way. Right. Okay. There's people still out here smoking crack. All right. You. know what I'm saying? Old fashioned, you mean like gym? Oh yeah, that one too. Yes. Yeah, there's people out here, You know, losing weight the old fashioned way, eating right, going to the gym, You know doing what they supposed to do. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Is it a negative thing? Hello? Who's this? Good morning. Hey, good morning. What's your name? My name is Sierra. How you doing this morning? I'm doing well Sierra. Dan. Sierra, why you sound so mad? Because it's my birthday. And. I have to work. Oh, Happy birthday. Thank you. We twins. You my birthday. Twin. Twin. What have you been? Yeah, I call earlier to say you happy birthday, but I'm, I'm calling to speak on this crazy topic this morning.


Let's Talk. Yes ma'am. So Some people hate because it took them over 300 years. 300 months to get to get skinny. And they That's right. They've done the work, they worked out, they exercise regularly, they manage their stress, they changed their eating habits and it took them years to get smaller. So of course they're gonna hate on those who take the easy Right, the easy way out. Yeah. But You know what I agree with you And. I said that earlier. But the reality is, and this is what I want to tell everybody who's You know, doing it the hard way, right? Like those results will last longer. Right. And you won't have side effects. 'cause we don't know what the side effects are of Ozempic are. I'm hearing all type of different things nowadays. You too Sam. There's going to be side effects to losing weight that fast because of a shot.


So everybody out there that's doing it, the good old fashioned weight eating right, working out salute to y'all. Well We have, okay, we have Diane on the line now. Diane, you was on Ozempic? I was, yes. How much weight did you lose? 50 pounds. Mm. Wow. How much diarrhea did you have? None actually. Oh, okay. I was fortunate that I didn't have any of the side effects. Okay. Not Yet anymore. But I, I know that it's looked at negatively, but for me, I feel like it saved my life simply because I had a lot of underlying health issues and it was hard for me to lose weight even though I was working out and tried every single diet I could possibly try.


And now I'm in the best health of my life. Like I work out, I eat healthy and it's just been the best thing for me. And. I. Remember when I started like seeing the weight loss? A lot of my friends were like, what are you on Ozempic? You took the easy way out. And. I was like, well, I did what I thought was best for my health and I'm glad that I did. Okay. You know, it's interesting, right? Because a lot of people take Ozempic right to lose weight because You know you want to have better cardiovascular health, but they also say people with preexisting heart conditions should be cautious of taking Ozempic and talk to your doctor before you start taking Ozempic. Absolutely.


Yeah. For me, my doctor is the one that recommended it. I was pre-diabetic and now like I said, I'm in the best health that I've ever been. Wow. Well I'm happy to hear that. Well, thank you so much Diane. Alright, Have a great day. You too. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about Ozempic. Is that a negative thing? Why it has such a negative thing that people are using it? Let's discuss. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Lets talk about it. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Lauren la Rose is filling in for Jess If. you are just joining us. We're talking about Ozempic and we're asking why is it such joining us. We're talking, we were talking about it because Mace a negative. It is what it is. They came back with their season five and people said he was under the knife or taking the shot. They said Lizzo took the shot. They said Little Rel took the shot. So why is it such a negative thing? I I I don't think it's being looked at as negative. I just think that that is the natural thing people say when they see folks lose weight. And I, think You know there is a certain amount of jealousy and envy that comes, comes into play when you see people lose weight. Especially If, you a fat ass You. know what I'm saying? Right. If. you fat and You know you, you haven't disciplined yourself enough to lose the weight.


And you see somebody lose the weight. You just wanna say, ah, man, they just on that ozempic, they just on that ozempic. No, some of these people actually You know put in the work. Right, that you haven't. That it? Well, let's go to the phone lines. We got April on the line. April, good morning. Good Mor Morning guys. How are You all? Good morning. So we're talking about Ozempic. What's your thoughts? Well, I think with Ozempic You know people can lose as much weight as they like. But with Ozempic it's, it's a shortage. Like people that need that insulin, that has diabetes, people are just pumping it into their bodies. And now you see lawsuits all over social media. So yeah, I just feel like people You know if it's their thing, it's their thing. But be considered of those that actually need that You know that medicine.


That's, that's real. Okay, well thank you Michael You know with the people losing weight, I mean people gonna lose whatever. Think about it, in the seventies, eighties, when they lost weight, they said they were on crack. So if they lose weight down, of course they're gonna feel ozempic. So it's just You know cracking ease. Right. So it's no different. Okay. Hello. Question, when you are on Ozempic, do they, do they take, do they shoot you in your big back? Like where did they put the shot at? I, I don't know sir. I don't know. I, I don't know. Well, hello, who's this? It's Tony. Tony, good morning. Good morning. Good morning. But yeah man, my thought my thoughts on the pic though. Yep. So I feel like, I feel like If you If you ain't If you ain't work out with If. you ain't work out for it.


Don't be acting like you worked out for it because as a person who done lost weight from working out, it's a whole different type of effort. It's a mindset that you gotta lock into and you gotta work it like you working a job to really lock into and you gotta work it like, but I don't feel like it's nothing lose weight when you're doing it on your own. Wrong with pic because sometimes people need helpers man. That's right. Alright, Well thank you. So Google says that you get ozempic shots in the front of your thighs, the front of your waist, your abdomen or your upper arms. Now we have Why Not into that big back though? Well, we have Big Mac here. Who? He wants to get the zip shot. He said that they told me they'd have to put it in his butt. I want Mac to do something.


I've been telling Mac, I told Mac I'll pay for his surgery a long time ago. I need Mac to do something. God damnit. Right. Well first off, I have been on this journey since the beginning of the year and I've lost a significant amount. Y'all just don't see. I Know that's right. And you just hit a big goal Day. How much you lost? 1 25. You lost 125. I don't believe You, I don't believe I show You'all in the second. I told you when I came back here, even even Brandon, our other producer, he says, bro, I see you every day. But all his friends said, yo Mack lost mad weight. Even in the comments. They said, I lost 1 25. But the thing is, I did it like I'm in the gym, I do the 10,000 steps every day. Like, I see you eat crazy. I see how you eat it, Boy, you ain't lying to me. I probably What y'all seen them eat?


What Y'all seen them eat? Y'all have it? Cinnamon toast, crunch snacks, And, I Rice. Oh, that's the videos I do with Jess. But outside those little bite, that's just A little cheat. I don't Do that. But I I've seen you carry bags. I throw the bags away. I'm gonna show y'all the before and after and, and you shouldn't be allowed to cheat. I'm, but I say this, you've Cheating your whole life. Cheating is what got you to this point. And I. I've been on Ozempic since 2018. So you was on Ozempic. I don't, I use it for actual diabetes. My A1C and all that soap that don't work for you. I that's what I'm saying. I don't get the weight loss stuff and all that. But you shoot it, you supposed to shoot it. I don't wanna see your stuff. No, no, no. It's a, it's a, I wanna see your ass. You see you turn around, somebody talk envy Fat one Inch from me. One inch from your belly button. You, you, that's where you take the shot.


They, you supposed to shoot it either, either your thigh or in your belly where actual fat is, you're not supposed to put it in your butt or no You know Charlemagne ass spot. So How not your back? Why not your big Back? Because it, it, the fat is in your stomach mainly in the back. It ain't really like, like it's big, but it's not fat. Fat like this. This is my fat, fat, like this, this big, I can watch a movie on that back. That's an IMAX back. I imax back. I I max back was crazy. It's a wide screen, but it's not seats. Big bag. You remember the old big bag TVs? It's not a, it's not a big bag, but it's a wide back. It's not a fatback. Yes. Well congratulations for losing 125 pounds. Thank you. It's a whole journey.


We got a whole movement. Everybody doing 10,000 steps. They tag me. And. I. Don't believe That. I'm on. Hold on You look at your, your hoodies is getting bigger. I'm gonna show you right now. I And I, How much did you weigh Mac prior? When I started this January 2nd I started, I weighed 5 0 9. Jesus, How much you weigh now? 3 84 as of this morning. I know that's right. Jesus. I don't believe this for some reason I'm about to show envy the picture. He five nine. How many like I am a notorious big back shaer. Wow. Oh wow. Yeah You did. I told y'all he looked skinny when I came back in here. Wow. Y'all tried to tell me I was crazy. Send Me the picture. Max let give but he look like he holding His stomach in though. You know when you take that picture, you hold your stomach in. That's a big difference.


Wow. And he not even turned to the side. Like he not cheating the angles. Now You Right. Didn't Lose a lot of Pat Max Lord say he not cheating the ankle. He not You. know how you be having to do sometimes suck it in and turn to the side. Lord have mercy. Yeah. Okay. Malcolm Proud you. I'm a happy for you. Thank Y'all. However you losing the weight back, I'm happy. Hey.


Hey Gavin. Round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart. Taraji p Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent. All-wheel Drive cannot prevent collision or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


Saying You know 10,000 steps a day, everybody, I promise you. But Why you ain't let y'all don't fly you out and pay for your surgery? That's so bad he's being because I ain't wanna get into the knife. Oh, okay. I was scared. I I thought you didn't want to have to do after the surgery. Like, 'cause You know you gotta pay him back. Yeah, well yeah, definitely not You know who pay back You know. I don't wanna have to pay Charlamagne back like Diddy If, you If, you pay for his surgery, he gotta pay you back. Yeah. That's how you charlamagne is a treat. Cheap Guy do that. If a guy paid for a girl's surgery, don't the girl usually pay him back later on? No, no I don't. No. What I'm doing that I I'm doing that because Mac is a great guy. And. I want Mac to live a long and prosperous life. Okay. We want him to go to So and Medical but he can't fit in the damn tube. Damn. He can't fit in.


What? What? He can't what's the thing they put us? InView. We got so medical. I was gonna say the Gur, but what's that thing like the little, the sand? He so they Actually put you in there to scan. Mac can't fit in that thing. They can't do the one where you stand up against the wall. You know. No, I don't think so. All right, well what's the moral of the story? Don't play with Mac what You are. I'm I'm talking my kids. My kids call me. Wish your happy birthday. Oh my God. That's my little baby. She FaceTiming me. Wish me happy birthday. The moral Of the story is, y'all Envy's kids are so beautiful. I gotta figure this Out. Oh my little babies. She's giving you a hug. Aw, giving me a hug through the phone. Love you baby Y'all. This is so cute. All right, well we got just with the mess coming up LaRosa.


We do. Judge Meth is isn't so happy family wise and they caught out at LAX and he talks about not being okay after we found out that they're potentially getting a divorce. Him and his wife for 39 years. Alright, well we'll get to it later. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj. NV Jess Show. Ain't the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa threw it in for Jess. Salute to my guy Wallo too. Man, y'all make sure y'all look out for Wall LO's Book Wallo got a new book or his first book dropping called Armed with Good Intentions. And, I'm gonna be in Philly with Wallow at Uncle Bobby's on September 11th at 7:00 PM as Wallows new book comes out armed with good intentions.


I I'm pretty sure it comes out September, September 10th. Okay. I believe it comes out 'cause I'll be in Philly on September 11th with him at Uncle Bobby's at Green Street Friend School at 7:00 PM So go get your tickets for that. Okay? Alright, well let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren la Real Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Nobody Bro. Why World mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches who And I got the mess. Talk to me Man. Judge Mathis, he's not doing too well.


You guys remember we reported that his wife of 39 years Linda filed for divorce listing the separation date as far back as July 17th and we were trying to figure out if this was a long time coming or not because of how long they've been together. Well, TMZ caught up with him. Shout out to Blair everywhere. My bro caught up with Judge Mathis at LAX and here's what Judge Mathis had to say about the divorce. Mathis, how are you today man? I'm good. How you doing? I'm doing Alright. I'm not good. Rather it's the worst days of my life. How about that? Okay, well I'm sorry to hear that You know with news of the Separation. How are you holding Up not holding up very well? I would say to other man, maybe I'll be a example for other men. Cautionary tale. Don't neglect your wife. See how many at the airport now flying out as I have for 25 years, my wife has been third serving the community, taping my show, having fun with friends.


That's what happens guys. Never be too busy or never have too much fun beyond your life. Ever since we start taping here in LA I committed to staying home more and being, making my wife my more of a priority. But as you see, I haven't, we we're still in the same house and we're maintaining a friendship and I'm trying to get my wife back, Man. Oh man, I respect that so much. Dropping a clues bump for Judge Mathis. Yeah, that's real game right there that he, he wants this lady back. He's being honest about You know his shortcomings, how he neglected his wife. He's telling other brothers, let me be the cautionary tale. Like I respect that man. Slut. The judge Mathis. Yeah. And, and like you said, it ain't nothing worse than trying to get you a queen back or, or messing up something.


Your household is messed up. No good ever comes of that. So the fact that he's trying to fight for his life and fight for his marriage and fight for his relationship, that's the most, most important thing. And You know I was there so I know exactly what it feels like, what it means and all that. So keep fighting brother. He, they also addressed, 'cause people were like, yo, y'all been together for 39 years and all of a sudden she just wants to file for a divorce. And he, he said it was because of the neglect, but people are like, there has to be more to it. Did you cheat? Did you, whatever. So he addressed that as well too. I just wanted to eliminate all the rumors too, that it's something about a baby or even me molesting a child. It's none of that. I've just told you what it is. Neglect can create suspicion, certainly.


And if you're gone as much as I am, you have every right to suspect. You know you go to work, you go serving the community around the country, then you go with your guys to sporting events around the country. You go to other events with, except without your wife hanging with you and enjoying herself with you. And so, yeah, she would have a right to suspect infidelity, But there was none of that going On. That's not the purpose. I never heard none of that. Yeah. Where the hell done lifting the child come, Y'all know I be hearing the things. I ain't heard that one. But I did think when I saw the filing at, because of so much time and their age, I, I instantly thought he must have got caught. Mm. Like I don't know why that was the first thing that clicked in my mind, but I'm glad he cleared it up.


Moving on to another couple, or not couple anymore. J-Lo You guys remember we reported that J-Lo filed for divorce from Ben Affleck, all that good stuff? Yes. Yep. Yep. Well she was enjoying her Labor Day weekend. We actually had posted about this on The. Breakfast Club in Brown. She was outside Brown Girl Grind Instagram. And we told you guys that you could tune in today to hear some more on this. So J-Lo, I mean she did like a You know how you do like the photo dumps? Yep, yep, yep. Online. So she did her little photo dump and her caption said, oh it was a summer. And her photo choices are just very risque, very selective. You know JLo's fine. So she's always being fine. She Has a bathing suit on. Yeah, but it's the, it's not even A bikini, it's, it's so risque.


It's the booty in the, where you could she know what she doing with this photo right here. And then the caption, oh was it summer? And then she started posting in between those like You know you put the little memes, one of the memes says something about things unraveling the way that they're supposed to or divinely or something like that. And it just was given like You know making it known. Jenny on the black block is black Jenny on the black Jen and the block is black. She on the block back on the block. Okay. She back outside. You too old for that J-Lo. I just, I saw, I saw her with her cheeks out on the gram. She not Too old for a bathing suit. No, she not too old for a bathing suit. But she too old. She too old for you to be saying. What you saying about her? She back outside. She back on the block?


No, no, she back outside. No, she Grown. She made her mad again. Benefit from who? Well I mean I could be just reading into it because You know I'm young and a little traumatized and You know girls do the post after the breakup you gotta pop out. But in other news, in other couple news, Cardi B posted her photo of her maternity pictures, which people sparked some backlash because the word pedophile was in the back on the garage. What? Yes. Now she said that this was not meaningfully done. They just chose a random spot because they were trying to get away from paparazzi. Where the hell do you see pedophile in, in white on the back of the garage. Photo If. you guys wanna take a look at these photos? I'll be posting it to the bro Girl Grinder Instagram and we'll get it over to Breakfast Club as well too. But I still don't see it in the white.


It's there in me. I don't see. No, I'm glad you didn't see pedophiles. I'm happy. I see now. Yes, I see it now. Yep. Well question Who's building is that and why? Did somebody spray paint pedophile On? We have no, no, we have no idea. And she just basically said, look, they picked the random Street. They took the photos real quick 'cause paparazzi was handing her down. Leave Cardi alone. Yeah, It just looks like she wanted a graffiti wall. It was a graffiti wall out in New York City. They pulled up, took the pictures. You see how long it took me to see pedophile? Do you see pedophile on there? Red? See he Don't see it. Red said, I ain't got nothing to do with that. You don't see it. I ain't got nothing to do with. That's it. That's all I got for y'all Today. Alright, well that is just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. You feel good? It's your, it's your birthday Envy. I do feel good. You did Great today. I feel Amazing. I'm so happy for you to be celebrating with you.


Absolutely. Alright, well You know what I wanna start the mix off with Fatman Scoop. We reported earlier, If, you had Rest in peace, fat man scoop And passed away over the weekend. So I just wanna to start off with happy Birthday. Hey, Hey, Hey, hey, Hey Fat. What kind of cake y'all got this year? Lemme see the cake Cupcake. They got cupcakes. Oh. Oh. Lemme make a wish. Lemme make a wish. They Interracial too. Shut up. They biracial cupcakes. Yeah. So the yellow and chocolate. Yeah, The yellow And chocolate. Yep. You got a little green in there too for his Dominican side. Oh, Here you go. With a little empanada on the side. No Empanadas, man. All right, well let's get to the mix And don't let Mac get none since Mac wanna lie about being on a diet for a hundred days.


He said Don't let Mac get none. Nah, I think it's a a healthy one in there. There's no healthy. I got you Mac. Thank You. Alright, well let's get to the mix. What? See, Charlamagne didn't wanna be here. See, usually Charlemagne You know what? You Are lucky that dark energy did not come in on get day because You Know He he, first Of all, all y'all look so depressed in there without me. He used to give a Cakes. I mean, look, the room looks down. Charlamagne used to gimme me the cake for my birthday. He gave, he gave you his Cake, not his cake. Well, You know what? It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. All what y'all want. All right. Morning Everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess And I. Just wanna salute to all the Virgos out there. I had an amazing weekend. Friday I was in Virginia Saturday I did the cousins festival with Pusha T and Fam Le Amazing Festival.


Then Saturday night I was in Columbus, Ohio. And then Sunday I was in Oklahoma City. I just wanna say shout to everybody for the love. I ran into Drew Hill, I ran into comedian Desi Banks. It was just so much love out there. So salute to all the Virgos. I appreciate it. I receive it. And I. Just wanna say thank you so much. All right, now when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess Solaris Charlamagne, the guy we ought The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa Feeling in for Jess the Charm. You, you got a positive note? Yes. I wanna salute to everybody who listens to us on Q 93 in New Orleans, man on September 20th, I will be at Ball Winning Company at 7:30 PM Okay, that is a Friday night.


I'll be at Ballwin Company Coffee and Bookstore in New Orleans. 7:30 PM on September 20th. All right. So all you have to do is go to ctg bco.eventbrite.com to get you tickets and I'll be there signing copies of my new book. Get Honest The Dieline, why Small Talk Sucks. All right, so I see y'all on September 20th at 7:30 PM New Orleans. Alright, well you got a positive note. I do, man. And this positive note comes from a, a woman on Instagram named AKA De Okay. To Kara Dart, I believe I'm saying her name right. She posted this man And I. Really?


I really co-signed this message. She said, dear Black Men, please get a primary care doctor. Please get yearly physicals and EKGs. Please get yearly Labs drawn. Please exercise. Please check your blood pressure. Please change your diet. Sign the black nurse who loves you. Thank you for your service Te Kara. And thank you for that message. It is greatly appreciated. And Black Men, I co-signed that a hundred percent Breakfast Club Bitches. We finish or y'all done?


Hey. Hey. Gather Round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the Funk.