
Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks, then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires trade in of Galaxy, S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for Details@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


In 2020 in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one. A woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends, and I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Deer? Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games. And then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause, lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others. Forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Main things in America. Culture. They not like us. Think everybody should go on The, Breakfast Club. You wanna shake it up? They not like us. What? The. Breakfast. Club. DJ Envy the family guy. Just hilarious. I'm The wild card. Keep the real And Charlemagne the guy. I'm a Lovable apple. Or your clown. Yo, I'm loving that energy up there right now. Sometimes you gotta pop out this show Today. Now let's begin. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Jess. Good morning.


Hey, Good morning, Jess. Good morning. I told y'all I had delay. Yeah, we can hear it now. You got like an echo. It's like taking your long time to answer, but how you feeling? Yeah. Yes. Like, like on the news channels, like when the people would be looking down for 10 seconds and then they'd be like, back to you, Maury. Yes. That's What, that's exactly what it feels like right now. How you feeling though? Oh my God. I feel good though. I feel good. I got four sleep. I mean, four hours of sleep straight. I didn't, I ain't wake up in four hours, so that's good. Like, I haven't been getting more than like 90 minutes of sleep. Now, have you been walking? Have you tried to cast the oil? Have, have you You know, did what you did to try to get the baby out sooner or No?


I'm gonna be honest with you. Yo, I'm so scared to try a Casta oil beverage. Like, I am so scared. I don't know. I don't wanna throw it up. I don't wanna upset. Like is it unhealthy? Like it just sounds like some unhealthy ish, like for real, to drink castor oil. I'll be honest, every, anytime I hear anything, castor oil for some rhyme, some rhyme reason I think of cars, right? And, I'm thinking, are you gonna put the same thing this in the car? I could be totally wrong. Git. We, we've had six kids. She's never had cast oil. Usually it's sex and we just walk and the baby comes. So I don't know. But You know. People say castor oil works. I, I honestly do not know. And That's, that's what I was gonna do. I was gonna try to walk and then like, try to conjure up some, some hormones to have sex, because I don't have those right now.


But I was gonna try to do that instead of like the cast or I, I can't do the cast, the oil margarita. I just can't do it. Just, just side note. You know this maybe a little too much. TMI, but the first baby, I didn't really wanna have sex with my wife 'cause I felt like I would be messing up the baby's head. Exactly. And Chris don't feel like that at all. Quite, quite country over here. He's trying to get it in. He like, please. I'm like, no, Jesus Christ. All right, well let's start the show. We have Morgan, she'll be joining us for front page news when we come back and salute to everybody that's been supporting the car show. That's what I've been doing. We have two car shows to play in. One in Shreveport, Louisiana. And it's difficult when you're not in the city 'cause you're trying to make sure everything works right and everything is flawless.


But it's gonna be pretty dope. So many celebrities gonna be pulling up out in Shreveport. And then August 17th, the day that Jess actually do, we're doing one in New York, New Jersey area. And we always telling people, bring the family out. We try to do this 'cause we want an affordable, something affordable so that you could come, you could bring your family, you could bring your grandparents, you could bring your kids and your nephews and your nieces. And there's so much to do. My kids are out there all day. They'll be playing with your kids. They'll be on obstacle courses rides or the gaming trucks. It's just a big family fun day. I, I really do. 'cause I need a place for my kids to go. But hopefully you could join us August 17th and all that stuff. Well, let's get the show cracker. We got front page news. We'll do that when we come back. So don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's Steve Envy, Jess Solaris, Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Morning. Morning. Happy Tuesday. So in case you missed it, president Biden is pushing for major reforms to the Supreme Court, as Charlamagne has asked, as he marks the 60th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act. Now, while speaking from the Lyndon b Johnson Presidential Library in Austin, Texas, Biden called for 18 year term limits for justices and an enforceable code of ethics. He also proposed a constitutional amendment to limit the broad immunity granted to Presidents by recently by the Supreme Court's decision.


Now, Biden argued that extreme opinions from the Supreme Court in recent years have undermined long established civil rights protections. He cited the court's decision to overturn Roe v Wade and grant broad immunity to presidents. Now meanwhile, top Republicans are slamming President Biden for his calls to overhaul the Supreme Court Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell. He's one of them. He says The Biden administration wants to change the Supreme Court as we know it. Let's hear more from Mitch, President Biden and his leftist allies that don't like the current composition of the court. So they wanna shred the Constitution to change it. He wants what he calls an Essex code. But that already exists. Why is the Biden Harris administration so willing to put the crown jewel of our system of government, the independent judiciary to the torch?


'cause it stands in their way. I mean, Jasmine Crockett spoke about this yesterday when she, when she pulled up. But the problem with that is, is lifetime. It is serving lifetime in the Supreme Court is just wild And I. Don't understand why people don't see it. I mean, the values, the way that we think, the way that that have changed throughout the years. I mean, just think about the things that your parents think about that totally have changed in the last 20, 30, 40 years. So things change. And sometimes you need some young blood in there and some younger people in there that can help. But when I mean young, I don't mean 21 or 25, but younger. 'cause you have some, some people on that Supreme Court that's 70, 80 years old. Yeah. And not a right. So when you talk about old presidents, there you go. You got old justices. Mine just overhaul the whole government and bringing in some young talent.


So the move does come after several justices have faced allegations of ethics violations. Now the court has ruled on, again, several historic cases within the last few years. Now, former President Trump switching gears, he wants to explain what he told a conservative Christian summit that they don't have to vote anymore after November election. Now you remember he made those comments. And I played those yesterday. But he joined Fox News host Laura Ingram yesterday and tried to clear things up. Let's hear from former President Trump. Christians are not known as a big voting group. They don't vote. And I'm explaining that to him. You never vote this time. Vote I'll straighten out the country. You won't have to vote anymore.


I won't need your vote. If, you voted for her or the Democrats. You should have your head examined because nobody's ever been treated so badly by this. This administration is destroying Israel, et cetera, et cetera. Yeah. Sounds like more of the same to me. I don't know what he actually cleared up, but many people are speculating that this means that there will be no more elections under a second Trump term than the former. Yes, he did. And then the former president also said that gun owners don't vote. So yeah, this actually comes at a very interesting time. The NABJ, national Association of Black Journalists are set to host former President Trump this week in Chicago for a q and a. I was saying he's invited, not so much to the cookout, but he will be grilled.


The NABJ Annual Convention and Career Fair takes place on Wednesday with Trump set to take place. Take part, excuse me, in a Q and a with political journalists before an audience of registered convention attendees. Now the questions will center around some of the more pressing issues happening in the black community. It will not be open to the public, but it will be live streamed across the NABJ YouTube and Facebook pages, which I have access to. So You know, I'm gonna check that out Now with those type of Q and As. Do they monitor the questions before asked or is it a free for all? So I am not sure. There have been times where political officials have received questions in advance, but I, I doubt that they're coming in with You know, not to say it like that, but You know black journalists are like, nah, we going to, we gonna shoot the ish.


So Yeah, that, that's what I was saying. 'cause he must know that they about to shoot the ish. So it was one of those things. I'm like, I wonder if he's gonna say You know what? Let me see the questions before y'all come, before y'all invite. I don't doubt that he probably has a handful of questions Right. To be prepared in a sense. But there's probably going to be some Rogue ones as well. Yeah. Okay. I it's, it'll be interesting to watch and see what happens around that You know as each candidate tries to vie for votes. So this, this one right here, You know between Amber Rose on the stage. This is, this is definitely a another step in trying to secure votes in the black community. Alright, well that is front page news. We'll see you next hour Morgan. Absolutely.


Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines a wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Charlemagne, it's out today. So call us up. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not Just me. I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? What's up it? DJ Envy Records Club. This is Uber. Mike, how y'all doing Uber, Mike, what's popping morning Mike?


How y'all doing? Pretty good. Hey, I just wanna say one thing. Can I just get our one fifth message to parents and fellow drivers? Sure. Stop picking up these kids. That is happening all over. All over. Even in South Carolina. Two, two minors were picked up by a driver and, and molested by sex offender or whatever. I don't know how these kids are getting Ubers man. And it's frustrating. Well, well let's flip it a little bit. How are these Uber drivers getting jobs if they have those type of things on their record? If they You know are picking up people? Well, they go, they go through a background check for basic background check or whatever. But You know, you never know if the things are people, but the fact that a kid can get in an Uber man, it, it's, it's, it's just driving me nuts and Yeah, no, I definitely understand how You feel.


Yeah, I I get what you're saying. But the, the problem is that too with You know some of these, some of these parents, they have so many things to do. They got work, they got this, that, and the other. So they be like, You know what, let me throw my kid in the Uber though so he can get to school at 16 or 17 You. know what I mean? So they You know you, you feel safer with an Uber. 'cause at least you see the person's picture. They're like, you say you think they're vetted. So I understand why parents do do it. Younger kids, I, I don't understand, but You know 13, 14, 50 16. I understand. 'cause parents sometimes need a little help. No, no, I get that. So if, if DJ and lemme ask, just start this one question. If, if, if it ride shame was so cool, then why don't think just let everybody rise it. Yeah. Why is there the age limit 18 and up? Mm, That's true. Okay, I get You.


But I can, y'all have a good morning. I ain't gonna sit here and lying and act like I ain't put my 16-year-old son in Uber before when Logan was in school. Like, I, I definitely did You know. I mean, there was times where he had to get to practice And, I had to go pick up one kid. But You know Logan was also playing football. He ain't gonna let nobody touch him. But I get what you're saying. Thank you though. Right. Look at those sexual assaults though. Just look at those cases, man. Alright brother. Thank you. How, How a good Be safe out there. Hello, who's this? Yo. Yo, this is Seth Paton. How are you? Hey brother. Get it off your chest. How you Doing? I'm blessed. I'm blessed. I'm based outta Columbus, Ohio. Man, I just wanna get off my chest. I'm a private chef out of Columbus, Ohio, man. And just wanna spread awareness out here for people that think that $10 budget is a safe thing to do.


So for paying For food. Paying for food, man. Like You know we got, we got a party of 300 people. My budget is $200. Damn. You can't even get McDonald's for that. You can't even You know you can get a Lunchable. Damn For that. Damn, matter of fact, Lunchables are $10 now. Yeah, right. It is hard man. It's hard. But I'm blessed. I hope y'all well, I do want to get out my business if that's okay with all. Go ahead brother. Alright, for sure. My business is the forme hustle experience and my IG is heavy hustle for Chef Gaston. I'm a private chef based outta Columbia, Ohio. I'm be head to Miami soon, so don't a look out for. All right brother.


Good luck. Have a blessed day. You too now. You too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. I, I'm, Hey, what you doing man? I'm Call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this Church from Detroit. What up do Church? What up do let down. Hey man, I'm glad to get through If you man. I just wanted to let You know I love what y'all do. Congrat to you just charlamagne.


And only thing when they get off my chest was, I'm just blessed to be out here making this money and got the kids with me. You, it says you're a truck driver. Yes sir. I got you. There you go. There you go. That's right. That's right. Be safe on that road, brother. Alright You all. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what up Envy? What's up Jess? Good morning. Hey, Good morning. Good morning brother. How you feeling? I'm all, I'm alright. I just pulled the all nighter so I can get this off my chest. I at Charlamagne's not there, but it's, it's his mans that. I went to go see Phil Maher on Saturday in Wallingford, Connecticut. I brought my little sister, her friend, and my mans, we just You know, went to have a good time.


10 minutes, not even 10 minutes in, sat down. We were out of our elements. Like no one looked like us. It looked like a bunch of old people, overweight, obese, whatever. So we, yo they come 10 minutes and say, sir, if we tell you about the phone again, you're gonna have to leave. Nobody had their phones out. This was all like a You know premeditated. They just had this as a script. Boom. People was happening. Told her, miss, this isn't happening. We're gonna sit here, enjoy this like everyone else. She went, go got the big black guy. He was like, can you come with me? He's talking to me like, yeah, you obviously didn't read the signs. I'm blown away right now. I don't know what's happening. So I'm just like, yo, we're just gonna sit here and watch Bill. I wanna see what he got going on.


He was like, yeah, situation's escalating. We're gonna, so long story short, I got escorted out the building and Barr, I'm a veteran. I got the tickets off the veteran website and, and the Oakdale Theater in Wallford. They owe me some money all five minutes. And that young black man, he owed me five minutes too. Damn. So you didn't have your phone out at all? Nah, not at all. We just sat down, man, I'm, I'm a grown ass man. I'll be 40 in four years. I don't play like that. I would go there and enjoy it alive. I rarely do it. But I peaked with The. World. There was no other black people there besides that. That young man who was a slave. And then us who were the supposed to be the enjoyers of the So You didn't, you didn't pull out your phone at all.


You ain't check the time, you ain't check the text or nothing. Got your phone was in your pocket. I got a smart watch and it's so dark. You can see through the peripheral if everybody's phone is out. We just sat down. We just sat down, we got drinks, food in her hand, whatever like this. I knew what it was. And then once she came over and said it to me like a robot, she was like, sir, if we tell you one more time about the phone, you're gonna have to be escorted. I'm like, wait, what? Looking around my people look at me like we ain't doing nothing. What's up? I'm like, oh, I get it. No Miss, we're not doing this. We're gonna sit here and enjoy You. know what I'm saying? I'm good with people by the way. So I tried to deescalate it, but it was just a You know. They, they had it in motion. Get them outta there. Well, I'm sorry you got kicked out, brother. Yeah, I'm Saying it is what it is.


And, I love God. Manchar Charlamagne owe me five minutes too. And, and the book. Right brother? Absolutely. Have A good one. I in there with a bunch of white big backs. Yo, he told me, Ill tell you the time I got kicked outta the show for pull out my phone. No, Kevin, you had a white show? No, Kevin Hawk kicked me out. Oh, what? I was in Philly. And I had my phone out and they was like, sir, sir, you can't be on your phone. I'm like, look, my wife's pregnant so when the texts come through I gotta be able to read it. They said, sir, and they threw my ass out. Damn mind you kebs on stage before me. He sees me leaving and it says, you see you shouldn't have been on your phone. And they kicked me out. Oh My God.


Now this was an arena, like 50,000, 40,000 people and they kicked my ass right out. Embarrassing. That's FW Embarrassing. I walked out there trying to make, I walked out there like George Jefferson moved my, I was like, I don't wanna be here anyway. Mad as a mother. Kick me right out. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes. Tory Lane's driver changed the story. So apparently some things happened differently that night. But we can get into it. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast.


Club Charlamagne is out. But let's get to you just with the mess. You music Real Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody Worldwide. Worldwide. On The, Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. So what we do know is Tori is currently serving a 10 year sentence, but maintains that he is innocent. Earlier this year, we remember Tori filed for an appeal in a 2020 case involving a shooting of me Thee stallion. But now a statement from his appeal is going viral.


So a statement from Tori's driver was filed on December 5th, 2023, shortly before Tori's team filed for his appeal. The driver's name is Jaquan or Jaquan Smith and Quan's statement. He claimed that he saw Megan's friend Kelsey with the gun. And he said Tory noticed the gun also and attempted to get it away from Kelsey. He also claimed that while Tory and Kelsey were fighting over the gun, it went off. He also claims that the prosecution wouldn't allow him to testify. His statement was supposed to serve as new evidence in this case, which would help Tory get an appeal. But prosecutors argue that the statement is not new evidence. He, this is something that they already like knew he submitted this and they, they knew about it at the time when it was an active case when they were in court and stuff.


And they reportedly did not call Jaquan to the stand during the trial because the California Attorney General's office felt that it wouldn't even have helped the case. 'cause I mean, you still had your hand on the gun You. know what I'm saying? They felt like it just wouldn't helped the case. So they already, they basically was like, no, we already knew this. We didn't use it then. We're not using it now. I disagree. I mean, if he's the only witness in the car, yeah, I mean he was there. You would love to see him on stand and give his, his testimony of what happened. So the fact that he wasn't on the stand, And I mean they're saying that he wasn't allowed to testify. Seems kind of crazy to me because at the end of the day, You know whether you are Team Tory, a team Megan, you want the truth. Right? You wanna see what really happened.


You want the, and if he shot her, then he deserves to be in jail. And if he didn't, he deserves to be free. But You know, I think the people just want the truth. And that's just, yeah, that's what it is. But, and Megan's new, she is set to perform at Kamala Harris's rally tonight in Atlanta at 7:30 PM She let her Instagram and all her social platforms know ACL Heidi's. I see you tonight. Well, she posted this yesterday, so it was I see you tomorrow for Kamala Kamala's rally. This would be Kamala's 15th trip to Georgia since becoming vp. Right. And her first trip during her own presidential run. So, and what's interesting is Georgia is critical, is a critical state to win because it was formally a red state that voted blue in the last presidential election.


So, okay, look at you though. Your politics. Look at you though. Your politics. Do you see a little bit like, yeah, I See.


In the summer of 2020 in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories where she hurt hiking. Did she run away? Had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone, it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Deer? My new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb. While the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, a serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is Politician even mean? There's bridge and gaps with no Politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World podcast by podcast You talk. Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


Miss the latest in women's basketball. Don't sweat it. I've got you covered Welcome to in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast. That's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. It's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and the Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat Plus. The anticipation is building as Kaitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in The World of women's college hoops, the Gamecocks Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable. But will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


While knowing the Olympics are underway, it's useless to talk about it as a thing that's happening in the future. When it's happening in the present. It's happening now. And what's happening now is our podcast, two Guide by Rings is a phenomenon. And while real medals are being handed up in Paris, we are giving out our fake medals here. Two Guys, five rings, Matt Bowen and the Olympics. Who are we watching in this Olympic Games? I mean, I'm watching Simone Biles, I'm watching her go higher and higher and higher with every bounce she carrie's about to run faster than you or I or anyone has ever seen. I'm ready for the girls and the boys and everybody under the sand River, under the sand, over the sand within the waters of the sun. All of them follow the show on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast platform and watch and listen to every moment of the 2024 Paris Olympic Games now through August 11th on NBC and Peacock. And for the first time ever on the iHeartRadio app.


Yeah. See, but I love the fact that Kamala is on the road. She seems like a Yeah, You know when a a a new artist comes out and they just signed to a label and they hitting every market. That's what it, that's what it seems like she's doing. And that's what's needed. I mean, people need to see it. Yeah, they need to be able to talk to her if they're having problems or, or conflicts with something. They need to be able to feel like they can talk to their, the, the person that they're electing. And I love the fact that she's, she's hitting small markets, big markets. I love the people. The fact that she's bringing people out everywhere and You know what helps with that youth. The fact that she's a lot younger. I don't wanna say youth. The fact that she's a lot younger than Joe Biden. That she's a lot younger than Donald Trump. She could get out there on the road and talk to people You know and not fall and Be more in touch and stay more in touch with people You know.


That's right. You know. So it's good to see you on the ground. So a TL y'all support that tonight. Y'all go ahead. Audio reveals Officer Sean Grayson was in trouble before. So CBS news obtained the audio that revealed that Deputy Sean Grayson was reprimanded for putting false information in his police reports almost two years ago before he shot and killed Sonya Massey in Springfield, Illinois. We got the report Seven months on. How are you still employed by us? I don't know. Sean, do you understand what I'm saying? Yes I do Sir. And, I've had this conversation with you before. We can't trust what you say and what you see. We can't have you in our uniform. I'm calling you on your integrity.


Do you understand it? Yes. I don't get angry with with this because one, I have no experience before I came here. I had no experience. Two, I wasn't allowed to do this right here. I was not allowed to review my videos. This is termination. This is extremely concerning. Everybody likes you. I gotta be able to trust you. Was this a purposefully done lie? No. Yeah. I don't, I don't understand that there's certain jobs. I don't wanna say certain jobs. Yeah. Most jobs. But especially being a police officer where If you caught lying. If you're caught doctoring your police report, you should be fired and let go immediately and not able to and go to another department because it's, it's be Reinstated anywhere you Lied. And, and that lie could affect people's lives.


Like we always, we always look for justice, right? And, I understand if somebody does something wrong and and they get prosecuted, then it is what it is. But If, you are lying on a police report to damn near forced him to go to jail. That's a lot like that. That is a lot. Especially like a, like You know how many times you been pulled over and they say you rolled through a stop sign and You know you didn't roll through a stop sign. You didn't And You know they pulled you over 'cause they wanna see what's in your car You know what I mean? And those are lies and those lies get people killed. So Yeah. Yeah. It's it's a tough one when you, when you get caught lying on a police report like that, you, you should be FA suspension. Like you should be fired. Yeah. And also, man, this man was discharged from the army for serious misconduct and had a history of driving under the influence.


Right. Like all tight. Yeah. Yeah. He failed to obey a command while he was working where that recording was at. Alright, so that was, he was a, that was at the sheriff's office in Illinois. He was working for Logan County. But it was reported that while he was at the sheriff's, the sheriff's office, he also failed to obey command and was told that he needed high stress decision making classes. So like all of this is leading up to to here now. Yeah. Which is, which is crazy. It's crazy. She shouldn't have been in that situation 'cause he shouldn't have been on the job. Nah, not at all. Even before this. So yeah. But that is your Jes with the mess for the first hour. Alright, thank you Jess.


Now when we come back, we got front page news, Morgan Wood will be joining us and then we're gonna open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We wanna know what celebrity has you blocked? All right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You know, sometimes you leave comments and maybe people don't like it. Maybe a celebrity doesn't like it. Yeah. And they blocked you. What celebrity has you blocked and why? We'll discuss after front page news. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CNN v, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne is out this morning, but we have Morgan Wooden. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Let's get into it. So the Democratic governor of Mayor, where me and Jess stay is criticizing members of his own party who publicly demanded President Biden and end his reelection campaign.


Now, Maryland Governor Westmore told ABC's this week, Biden deserved better than people around him publicly calling on him to step aside. Although he did agree, Biden should end his presidency. Let's hear more from Governor Moore. I'm a loyalty person. And. I believe that you can have proper conversations and tell people the truth and, and You know and be able to tell them what you're hearing without also then turning around and, and publicly then trying to embarrass them. I also know that the President deserved better than people running around and going into public and demanding that the president of the United States stepped down. I mean, I agree with him. I I think it was embarrassing. I think You know Democrats should, should show some type of loyalty and unity. But on the other side, maybe they did have that conversation and maybe he wasn't trying to leave.


And sometimes you gotta embarrass somebody to get him the F outta there. But I do feel like it was a slap in the face. And You know, you look at the other side, Republicans, they show a lot of loyalty. I feel like the Democrats don't, I mean, they talk behind each other's back. You talk in each other's face. And it's like, how can you expect people to, to want to commit to the Democratic party and vote for the Democratic Party when it seems like a lot of times the Democratic party doesn't ride with each other. So I get, I I understand completely what he was saying. Yeah. Giving mean girl energy. Yeah. Yeah. Have some coth. Of course this does come as Biden has exited the election following recent growing press pressure from the Democratic Party. Now meanwhile, vice President Kamala Harris, who is the party's presumptive nominee, may soon announce her pick to be running mate.


Now, Michigan governor Gretchen Whitmer, who has recently on the show a few weeks back, told CBS mornings Harris will likely decide on her pick to be vice president in the next six or seven days. Now Whitmer is co-chair of Harris's presidential campaign and shot down speculation that she could be a possible contender as a running mate. Now, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper also reportedly removed himself from consideration CNN cited sources who said that he was concerned with going through the process at the age of 67. I'm telling you, the old guys are outta here. So it should appear that the list is narrowing down to Pennsylvania. Governor Josh Shapiro and Arizona Senator Mark Kelly. I'm not even hearing as much about New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy's name in the mix.


And of course, the Democratic National Committee plans to start a virtual roll call to choose its Pres presidential nominee by August 1st. Now meanwhile, California Governor Gavin Newsom, he says he will be signing legislation soon that will ban AI generated deep fake political videos. This comes as a promise. After billionaire Elon Musk reposted a video of Kamala Harris, seemingly exposing herself as an incompetent candidate for President Newsom said the video, excuse me, should be illegal. And Musk replied by saying he confirmed that it is a parody and parodies are legal in America. Comedy will protect you. Right, Jess? It's unclear which bill the governor is referring to as there are many currently debating in the legislature.


And of course you gotta stay tuned on what's going on in with Olympic coverage. Right here on Oh yes, the free iHeartRadio app. Yes. Team USA. The competition continued yesterday at the Roland Garros. At at least the tennis competition continued yesterday. American Coco golf cruise to a 6 1 6 1 win over Maria Lourdes Carl in the second round action. Meanwhile, the US men's gymnastics team brought home bronze, their first medal since 2008. US gymnast Frederick Richard said it all starts with hard work. Let's hear more from him. I mean, it feels amazing. All the hard work, the hard days for years and years. It paid off the universe. You know it worked in crazy ways and, and it showed us we deserved it today.


Yeah. Congratulations guys. Team U us a Yeah, I team I I tuned into that man. Them them boys be working hard, y'all. Yeah. Nah, frick is is is a brother that, that he them gymnastics. Boy, it, it's, it's so scary because a a little to the left, a little to the right. A a jump too high. And that affects your point, man. It affects your points. Yeah. So you almost have to be damn near perfect. So I salute that brother. Yeah. Shout out to the black man on the team. And of course the women's gymnastics teams, they take their final takes place today. Simone Biles will be leading team USA as she aims for her fifth Olympic gold medal in eighth medal. Overall, the US looks to return to the top spot after settling for silver at the 2020 Tokyo Games, Americans now have 20 total medals, including three gold, eight silver, and nine bronze.


U-S-A-U-S-A Listen, look, listen though. Old man France is on our ass. Italy. They, they, they was like, no, we can't them win. They they are we on our ass. But, but we, we up so Nah, I like, I like we up. But I need more gold though. I want them gold You. know what I mean? We got 20, but, but friends got five. Japan got six. We only got three. We need them gold. Yeah. It is Facts. It's facts. Yes. And did y'all see, so that's your, did y'all see, before you leave, did y'all see the women's basketball and Brittany Grinder, how tall she looked overall? Yes. When they played Japanese And how tall they looked like they were just scouring over them. They was, yeah. And her and Aja Wilson. They, they was, they was doing their things. I was like, okay, pops, what's Up? Yeah, pops was busting ass yesterday.


Salute to the women's basketball team. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Of course. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And be sure you're checking out more news coverage at the Black Information network@bnnews.com. Talk to y'all tomorrow. All right, thank you Morgan. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're asking what celebrity has you blocked? That is the question. Now Jess, I I'm sure celebrities got you blocked You know. Damn, why you gotta be so short, first of all. But no, honestly, the only celebrity that I know that has me blocked is I don't really search nobody.


And years ago it's been years Black Chyna. Now I don't know about Angela. Angela White. I don't know if I know this was when she was black. Chyna Angela is probably cool, but Black Chyna blocked me. She was Ines with the mess a number of times after meeting her at, while And I, honestly, she was a cool person, but just certain things that she was doing, she ended up in the meeting. Oh, And I. Think an, I think Amber Rose blocked me too. I mean, but yeah, both of them. Both. Both of them, yeah. Blocked me. But Angela definitely got me blocked. Tokyo, Tony was coming at me and everything. It was bad. Wow, Okay. Yeah, I don't, crazy. I don't know who, I don't know who has me blocked.


I blocked Charlamagne one time. Like one time I didn't want to hear from him, but I blocked him. For what? Yeah, I blocked him for a little bit. But yeah, he unblocked now. Yeah. All right. Now Why, why did you block him? I don't remember the beginning of Breakfast Club or What. I think, I think I did it as a joke and then I forgot and then people started hitting me like, yo Charlamagne, no F with Envy. 'cause he's blocked And. I couldn't, I didn't know what they were talking about, but, And You know he probably went and told The World like, But 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What celebrity has you, has you block? Let's discuss. Is the breakfast local morning The. Breakfast Club. Daddy calling my phone. Calling my phone, Man. It's topic time.


Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club nephew. Just joining us, we're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Asking you what celebrity has you blocked now? Just told us that Black China. Yeah, black China for sure. Amber Rose. Yeah. That's it. That's it. I I, I mean that's all that I know. I mean, I was, I was keeping up with them during just with the mess like years back. So that's how I know that I'm blocked. 'cause I would go to their page or whatever. Then I'm like, oh damn, I can't even see what they doing no more.


So I'll just wait till it hit the blog and then report on it. Well, let's Go. Yeah, let's go to the phone lines. A lot of people on the lines. Hello? What's your name? It's Rondell. R-O-N-D-E-L-L. You ain't have to spell it for me. Rondell, but, all right. Who has you blocked Rondell? My man Jim Jones. Man, Jimmy got me blocked, man. Damn. What did, what did you say? What did you say about Jim You know when he was working out with them, with them chicken legs? Man, I, I got on him and then all of a sudden can't follow Jim Jones no more. I blocked your ass too. Yeah, Jim stole my man though. Still my Man. Jim, still your man. Salute to Jim Jones. Andrea? Yes. What up you J and V?


Good morning. Good morning. Who has you blocked? Carly Red has me blocked. What did you say about Carly Red? I just posted Carly Red in my story too. A picture from bank in the day. She, I'm in about a post that she put up about her, her role on this show, on this network called Bounce. And all I did was just refer to her as Alist actress and like she commented, tagged me in a comment and no, she actually got in my inbox and was like, You know always we should be uplifting black women da same girl hiphop talking about Wewe with your feet. Like make it make sense. So she blocked me. So you called a DLI block DLI actor and then she blocked you?


She got in my inbox, said what she said and then blocked me. So She cursed you out A little back and forth in my inbox? Nah, she, she, she ain't curse her out. She, she tried to talk to her and what's what's your name on the Phone? Andrea, Andrea Street came back at her. That's why she got blocked. Then she blocked her After you the Yeah. You the same one on the show? Yeah. You spicy. That's why you got, that's why. Hello. Who's this? Grand Rising is Nail from Jacksonville, Florida. Hey, ne from, from Val Grand Rising, DJ Envy, grand Rising. Just hilarious. Congratulations on your preciousness on the way. Thank you, Boo. Now, now it says that you're a stud Since day one. Yes sir. Okay.


Alright. All right. Why We got, what's, what's day one Day, day one. Day one since I can always remember I go all the way back since the Eighties. Okay. I feel, yeah, I'm an eighties baby. So I, I go all the way back to day one. Your OG stu. All right. Who got you blocked, Man? Paul George. I don't even like him no more. Paul George. The basketball player. Player. The former, the former Indiana Pacers. Paul George. Paul George. Okay. Like back then, I'm an Indiana Pace. Indiana You know I was complimenting his swag on Twitter. You know, like on a daily basis during the You know the season, And I go on the next day.


Him or his crew got me black. But I was heartbroken. You know. Damn. I was like, damn. Did he look at my pictures and see that was boy. So I was, so I figured that's what happened. And that was it. That was rapping. So you, yeah. And that was it. That was a rap. George, I've been done with you since then. Damn. Damn, Paul. Thank you mama. Damn it man. Hello. Who's this? This is Sean from Jersey. Sean from Jersey was


In the summer of 2020 in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California. Five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories. Was she hurt hiking? Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeart podcasts? Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb. While the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, a serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story, it's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding Out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. They're once ordinary lives. And mine changed forever. It Kind of gave me a feeling of of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is politicing even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We Can change The World Podcast by podcast. Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshon Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


Miss the latest in women's basketball. Don't sweat it. I've got you covered Welcome to in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast. That's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. It's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and a Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat Plus the anticipation is building as Kaitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in The World of women's college hoops. The game Cox Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable. But will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Well, knowing the Olympics are underway, it's useless to talk about it as a thing that's happening in the future. When it's happening in the present. It's happening now. And what's happening now is our podcast Two guys, five rings is a phenomenon. And while real medals are being handed out in Paris, we're giving out our fake medals here. Two guys, five rings, Matt Bowen and the Olympics. Who are we watching this Olympic Games. I mean, I'm watching Simone Biles, I'm watching her go higher and higher and higher with every bounce. Shari's about to run faster than you or I or anyone has ever seen. I'm ready for the girls and the boys and everybody under the sand, sand river Under the scent, over the send within the waters of theen. All of them. Follow the show on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast platform and watch and listen to every moment of the 2024 Paralympic games now through August 11th on NBC and Peacock and for the first time ever on the iHeartRadio app.


What's up man? What up Sean? Who did you block or who got you blocked? Sensitive B Simone. Why you gotta say sensitive B Simone. What did you say about SB Simone? So this is before she was like, You know really an internet sensation I guess on influencer. And she was asking for a diet in tips for weight loss. And I. Guess she didn't like what I had said on how to, how to lose weight and she blocked me. What did you say? What you say? I probably told her like she needs to run more, lose a couple pounds or something like that. Nothing too crazy. I ain't steal at the time it was all through text. So I don't know how she took it honestly. All See see that's the thing thing.


Thank you. It was through text. Yeah he said, he said I guess he text through through Instagram. But see I blocked PI block. I probably have the most amount of blocks in The. World. I, if somebody says anything left, I block 'em immediately. Like I It is what it is. I If you got something harsh to say or you wanna be foul. You wanna be funny And I. Don't take it funny or as a joke and you trying to be You know I block you. I don't wanna see it. Yeah, No I feel you. And you got the right to do that 'cause it You. Do you only block people in your comments or do you like black people in like other comments too? Like, like Don. Oh, I People, people in other comments too. Oh Absolutely. Like Yo, like if somebody says something and then ask me And I, I am black Mania. Like, 'cause look, If, you got something foul to say now a joke is a joke.


I could take a joke. I mean we joke all day, but If, you wanna be foul or a little, I block you. And. I run into so many people just that I block. They'd be like, envy, can you unblock me? Nah B you Got me blocked. Yeah. Nah. Yeah because obviously you did something to get on that block list. That's right. Red. Red said a couple people come up to him and be like, yo, can you tell Envy don't block me. No. See me, I I block people that's in my comments. Don't come over to my page with that bullish. Like we not, you can go And, I might be in a blog comments. And I. See somebody running them off. Alright, that's what the blogs are for. Y'all go ahead and do that. Oh, I'll block you in the blogs too on My page. Damn. I'll Go bowl shade. You gotta say block you two.


Damn. All right, cool. Then I go on my wife page. And I block you on her page too. Yo, you have to chill, not have no followers afterwards. Wow. Block everybody. My followers don't go up because I buy, I block about a million people a year. I said it just stays right there. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What celebrity has you blocked? Let's talk about it. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're asking what celebrity has you blocked now? Just Larry said she's blocked by Amber Rose and Black Chyna. That's all she do off myself. I I really don't know. Yeah, that's all I Know of. I I do the blocking and if I had access to the The Breakfast Club page, I block you on that too. But I don't have access to that. But I block you on my page. It is what it is. You say something foul. I'm blocking you. I it it is what it is. And we got people on the line. We have, yeah. What's your name? Hi, I am Tana from Newark, New Jersey. Hey Tiana from Newark. Who has you blocked?


Ice Spice. Ice Spice? Yeah, You was talking about her hair. No. Damn. I was trying to do her hair. I'm a braider. You know. So, hi, good morning. I'm a braider, so I was trying to You know, get my free promo. We've been following each other since she had like 5,000 followers and stuff. So when she blew up, I'm like, shit, lemme take this opportunity to get this promo. So I'm sending her my work and she like this, you acting like these niggas. I was like, girl asked to braid your hair, not your ass. Whoa. Next thing You know I'm blocked. I mean, you ain't have to go that far.


I mean, mm. You were spamming my page. And I told you to chill and then you talk about my ass. I blocked you too. No, it Wasn't like that. It was like that. Well, thank you mama. Hello. Who's this? Yeah. What up? What up? This stuff in the river. Hey, what's up bro? Who, who got you blocked? Man? Rie Spears got me blocked, bro. What do you say to comedian Rie Spears usually comedians usually Kentucky. What'd you say? Man? He kind of made me mad man. Respectfully man. Because he was like on VLA or something and he was just dogging Dave Chappa man, I just didn't like it. So You know. I end up tweeting him or whatever with, with VLA and the big homie Lavelle Crawford, And I ain't think he was gonna respond, but he got in his feelings.


He got to snapping and me You, know what I'm saying? I just cut into him like a Christmas ham. So You know I could hold my own a little bit 'cause I'm from todo Ohio. But anyway, You know what I'm saying? He was real, real angry. But I just told him like, it wasn't really cool what he was saying about Dave. Man, I just didn't like it. Mm. So he blocked So he blocked your ass, Man, he blocked the heck outta me, bro. I mean, he was salty too. Like, like And. I told him I was You know I'm a fan, but he was even mad. I said I was fan, like, bro, you do, you dogging Dave Chappelle saying damn only for white people. He pretty much called Dave Chappelle the C word, which I don't like when black people do that to each other. But You know what I'm saying? I If you listen to Eric, man. I'm sorry man.


It's been like four years, man. Unblocked me. But dog, He, you don't know your name sir, but, hello? Who's this? Nah. Hey kt. Who, what celebrity has you blocked? The only celebrity that has got me blocked is Natalie Nun. What you say about Natalie Nun? It was years ago when she first started Daddy A Celebrity. It Was easy. It was a, it was years ago when she first started Baddies, And I. Just me being a fan of Bad Girls Club back in the day, I auditioned back in the day and And I was like, dang, Natalie, it's crazy that your lack of proce progress made you create a show to embarrass other women. And she blocked me. And I was only saying that because damn the, the way the Bad Girls Club used to be back in the day, there was nothing at all.


Like the bad she's doing now. So I felt like the way she tried to turn it, they Definitely had, they had, they had storylines and everything. Yes. And it was like they were bringing people like self pro, self proclaimed bad girls together to like put themselves out there. Really just be You know bad girl. I can't say the B word, but You know. And if they, if your face got a little bit too deep, they sent you home and they replaced you. But on the new bags it, like at auditions, she wants you to pull a girl wig off and beat her down at the auditions. And I was like, what is this? I ain't mad. Yeah, I ain't mad at you for An opinion. That's like, I, yeah, I I get it. I have a little sister. Yeah, I have a little sister who loves Zho and like watching the auditions.


Like she just wants you to fight. Right. And she can't even fight, but she just want you to fight to be on the show. She wants you to fight to stay on the show. She wants you to fight to kick you off. Like, yeah, it is just a bunch of senseless negativity. So it Is very senseless. It's like, I'm like for you to take the, the original theme of Bad Girls Club, which You know her, her presence on Bad Girls Club. Either you loved her or you hated her. It was no in between really. But she grew a lot from that show. And I thought she would do something to do something positive for people and instead she just embarrassed. She's been embarrassing women for years. And so that's why I said something And that's why she blocked ya. Thank you mama. Let's go to one more caller. Hello. Who's this Tush? T She, man. What celebrity has you blocked?


Tyree. Tyree as you Tyree might have me blocked too. Why? What? What did you say about Tyree man? Oh Man, it was the whole What more do you want for me? I dogged him. See, so so you started it so you understand why you blocked? Yeah, I do You know what I just wanna say thank you. This is my first time ever getting through. I'm a big fan of the show. Well, appreciate you, brother. Thank You. Thank you so much. What's the moral of the story, Jeff? You said man, I dogged him. Just be expected to be blocked. If, you running your mouth. I mean, now people got the, got the option to, to, to see it or not see it and they will block you. I will block you. Envy will block you twice. If. you could. Yep. We, we just know. Just watch him out, you You know what I'm saying?


Because it's real. People with real feelings out here now jokes cool. We play all day. But when you trying to be foul, when you insult somebody and you just You know you got, just know it's a possibility. You may go back and you're not able to see what that person's posting anymore. So Y yeah, I I I'll block you in a minute. The jokes is jokes. I mean, we all take jokes. And, I, I, I mean, I laugh at the jokes, but If, you get foul. I block. Not only do I block you, I block your IP address. So you can't even create new Instagram pages from that phone or that, that computer. I block your whole IP I block. You can't see my wife, you can't see none. Can't see my kids. If I had access to The Breakfast Club page, I block you on there. If I had access to the Powell page, I block look. I'm the block King.


Yep, exactly. Block master, whatever you wanna call, I will block you. Hey, yo. And that's why I Carlos Chico told Carlos, yo, you not gonna know Carlos told Chico, you're not gonna be able to see DJ Envy kids on the sta no more. Yo If, you keep running your mouth. That is so funny. Yo, please don't block em. Yo. All right, well we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yo Cory Hardrick is deemed the best actor in The World after divorce in the black best actor in The World over, over Denzel, over Michael B Joy. Like it is phenomenal. See Here, here we go with these lists again, I, I wanna know who's making these lists? Is it the same person in Complex List?


Like who's making these lists? Like you just can't make You know what we'll discuss when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne is out. But let's get to just with the mess. You music is real. This is H just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Do, She don't nobody. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it door. Hey, yo, real quick before we dive into the news.


Yo, I'm so You know it's all types of like, recipes that be on like TikTok and stuff like that. Yo, last night I made chicken and shrimp Alfredo garlic bread. How'd you do that? Crazy. Yo, I just chef it up. It's, it's this girl, her name Chef Danny Cooking with Chef Danny. I think she be having the most bomb out of the ordinary recipes, but it'd be so good. What kind of bread do you use? Regular bread. Several bread. I've been Using the Hawaiian bread. You know, like the Hawaiian bread, the little, I be using those for garlic bread. Amazing. Oh yeah, that, that, that sound good too.


I I make those with french toast. But like, yeah, I mean, I make French toast with those. But like, yo, it, it is so good. I got some right here, right now. I got Some right here. Seven in the morning. Seven In the morning, yo, seven in the morning. So he the best actor in The World. So according to Hollywood Unlocked, they shared a post about Cory Hardrick regarding his role in divorce in the black. Now the, the caption said Cory Hardrick is one of the best acts in The World. The people are going crazy for him. And Tyler Perry's Divo in the black give that man his flowers. So drop a clue bomb for this man. Right? I ain't mad at Cory, but they said the best in The.


World. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's why I wanted to give him his flowers first with the bomb All. And then now, excuse me, yo, why, why would somebody like, why did, and that's why I be laughing. And I know. I don't want him to come in my comments again or I don't want to be blocked. But like Corey You know damn well. So over Will Smith, over Denzel Washington. Over what? Who, who else we got? We got like 10, 20 other people. Oh, you said Michael Eley the Best in The World Michael. Yeah. Michael Eley. Yes. I like Cory.


I I like Cory. He's, he's a dope actor, but the best actor in The World. See that's what we start, people start making these lists and people start getting offended by these lists. But like you said, I like Cory, but over Denzel. Nah, nah, The best. Yeah, right. We got Bruce Willis. I think we got Gerard Butler. Like I could keep going Just with the Bruce Willis. Man. Bruce Willis ain't, it's like 10 years. I know, I know, I know. But I'm just saying like in The World, I got you. All right. We talk about currently still even currently, like people who act in like, come On. I see. I don't know who comes up with these lists. And I think sometimes they be trying to troll us with these lists. They do it all the time with music.


Who's the best artist? Who's the best musician? Who's the best? This, I mean, I see people going back and forth about who's the best media personality, but I think people make these lists just for troll. And it, it is like You know. They're like butt buttholes. Everybody else, everybody got an opinion. Everybody got one. So it is what it Is. Yeah. Yeah. Some of the comments are just so funny. It said, when a black man plays an abusive character, he gets his flowers. Denzel won for training day and not Malcolm X. Lawrence Fishburne is known for Ike Turner. Monique won for being an abusive parent. The cycle is crazy. So like they, because they're deeming a after this role, after this role in divorcing the black as Dallas, he is known as the best actor in The.


World. Yeah. Somebody else said paid advertising, paid advertisement. Somebody else said, sorry, but Will Smith is the best actor in The World. Somebody said what? He's actually on my hate list with Charles and Mike. So y'all, y'all won't know what that mean if y'all are avid Tyler Perry movie Watchers. Like, because he, because Yo Charles from Diary of a Man, black Woman. I still can't stand him. 'cause of how he did hella. Really? I can't. Yep. And then Mike from, why did I get married? He, he was messy. Like he belonged on Bad Girls Club. Like he was real messy at the dinner table. Yo, you never seen none of these movies. I I No. Just say no. Yo. No, that's what I was gonna say. I was gonna make an excuse.


Just, just, just No, no, just No, no, I haven't. No. All right. Well shout out to Cory for being the best actor in The. World. Yo. Yeah. This is funny. Yo. And somebody was like, I bet Tia punch in the ass. She better go get her man back. Now he stupid. Yeah. If he like anything like his role in divorcing the black Tia, stay where you at. Stay where you at. He Pride did good on that role 'cause of that damn divorce. Stop it man. Don't put that on him. Alright, alright, alright. Alright. Jonathan Majors fans criticize Marble. So Jonathan Majors supporters, their argument that it's not fair that Jonathan Majors will be replaced by Robert Downey Jr. In the continued Avenger series because Robert Downey Jr. Has his own criminal history.


That's what he was bringing it up as. You know Jonathan Majors was released from his deal with Marvel after being accused of reckless assault and harassment following a physical dispute involving his then girlfriend Grace Jabari, during an argument back in March of last year, they let him go before he was even convicted. When it was revealed that Robert Downey Jr. Would return to Marvel series as the new villains. Some of his fans were confused. One fan said Robert, Robert Downey Jr. Has an arrest record comparable to most career criminals. So him being the replacement for Jonathan Majors only emphasizes the scrutiny placed on black people to be perfect. Robert Downey Jr. Reportedly had numerous arrests from 96 to 2001 on drug and possession charges.


He did spend time in rehab and prison, both some fans defended Robert Downey Jr by claiming that his career did take a hit. And it really, really did during that time when he was having some legal trouble saying that people believed he would never work again. And fans also claimed that Robert Downey Jr. Was even surprised when he was given the role for Ironman because of his past and all of that type of stuff. So, Hmm. What? I think, well, you ain't gonna have no comments 'cause you're not even a marvel. But I, what? I don't know. I I don't like the fact that Jonathan Majors okay. That, that, that he was dropped from Marvel before a full investigation before.


I thought that was whack before I, it is definitely whack and then I think it's even more whack that they didn't still recast after he wasn't convicted after everything You know what I'm saying? Like he wasn't recasted. However, I don't, I wouldn't be, I'm not upset with Robert Downey Jr. At all. Or their choice to make him the new, make him doom. I don't know. I'm kind of torn. 'cause I Yeah, I, I And I totally get how Jonathan would feel like, yo, what, but how Not, not that You know one was a a a domestic case, right? Yeah. Way he said he alleged it. I mean, he said he didn't do it. And I, I, I believe Jonathan Mays absolutely, but Robert Downey Jr.


Was You know he was found with heroin, cocaine, a crack. He had a gun in his car and all that other stuff. So it's totally two different charges. It is Two different Charges. So You know, you could say You know he was forgiven for it, but You know when it's domestic, it's, it's looked at totally different. Totally. So you can't compare it. It's totally different. You can't compare drug use and, and a drug addiction compared You know, compared To, to an abuser. Exactly. Yeah. Because I mean, you, you abusing yourself, you're a crackhead or a crackhead that's on you You know what I mean? Correct. But yeah. You bringing harm to someone else, physically, mentally, whatever. Yeah. It is definitely gonna be looked at differently. Okay. Last story. Tiffany Haddish receives backlash. So she goes to Zimbabwe, right? Yep. And she shares a video on TikTok of her just plainly in a grocery store.


I think she sounds more excited than surprised. But this, here's the audio that she, she was visiting a grocery store in Zimbabwe. So I'm out here in Zimbabwe in, and look at the grocery store. They got a grocery store. It's beautiful. Look at this grocery store. It's huge. It's absolutely humongous in Africa, baby. Yeah. That even it don't smell bad in the meat department. They got a whole wall of alcohol. They got a frozen section.


Now I don't know why people are mad, right? Because I, I travel a lot in, in And, I, frequent South Africa. I frequent different places in different countries. And when I go to these different countries, I do the same thing. Because you don't know what to expect when you go to these countries. You don't, of course, everybody, every country has supermarkets. Of course every country has a Jiffy Lube and a McDonald's and things like that. But when you're there, it is just shocking. You just want to videotape it. And I do it all the time. I'd have been to South Africa and Africa so many times doing shows and, and every time I go it's like, look, guys, there's a McDonald's. I don't know why I do it. Like I don't expect to see McDonald's everywhere. But we all do it. And, and when you go on vacation and you are a Taurus, you do the same thing.


So the people thats jumping on her ass, like girl alone, we, we all do the same thing. I know, I, I can't stand it, but it was like one user said, Americans need to stop disrespecting Africa for real. So she expected Zimbabwe not to have a grocery store and to even say it doesn't smell. Now, she did say that, but I don't think that she was saying, oh, and it don't even stink in here. Like, I thought it was gonna stink. I'm just like, I'm think I took her You know her cadence and all of that. Like as excitement. Not surprised. Yeah. Like, 'cause we know, one thing we do know is everybody gotta eat in The World. So yeah. Why wouldn't it be grocery stores everywhere? No matter


In The summer of 2020 in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories. Was she hurt hiking? Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation of estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb. While the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, a serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It Kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Super Bowl champ Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is politicking even mean? There's bridging gaps With no Politics joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World podcast By podcast, You talk. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


Miss the latest in women's basketball. Don't sweat it. I've got you covered Welcome to in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast. That's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken, and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight, it's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and the Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat Plus. The anticipation is building as Kaitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in The World of women's college hoops, the Gamecock Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable. But will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Well, knowing the Olympics are underway, it's useless to talk about it as a thing that's happening in the future. When it's happening in the present. It's happening now. And what's happening now is our podcast Two Guys, five rings is a phenomenon. And while real medals are being handed up in Paris, we're giving out our fake medals here. Two guys, five rings, Matt Bowen and the Olympics. Who are we watching this Olympic Games? I mean, I'm watching Simone Biles, I'm watching her go higher and higher and higher with every bounce. Sha carrie's about to run faster than you or I or anyone has ever seen. I'm ready for the girls and the boys and everybody under the sand River, under the sand, over the sand, within the waters of the sand. All of them follow the show on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or your favorite podcast platform and watch and listen to every moment of the 2024 Paris Olympic Games now through August 11th on NBC and Peacock. And for the first time ever on the iHeartRadio app.


Howdy. Look how big or small, whatever. Yeah. Like why is that? Why, why is she getting all this scrutiny for You know what I'm other people, other people was coming to her defense like, yo, y'all just, y'all blow up everything You. know what I mean? Yeah. Like, yep. It was even a lot of Africans was like, yeah, to think that Americans still think that we, that we don't have stuff and all of that. Like we talking about. I don't think it was that. I mean, even when I go to Baltimore, I see Supermarket, I'm be like, oh my gosh, there's a supermarket in Baltimore. Oh my. It's clean. Oh my. Like I do that all the time. Excuse me. Right down the street. Don't play with me. Don't, don't play with me ever Emmy. It's all right.


Sorry. That's why some Baltimore people gonna block your hip Today. They gonna block me. Yes. All right. But that is just with the mess. All right. Charlemagne is out If, you wanna give somebody Donkey of the day? (800) 585-1051. Get on the phone lines right now. If, you wanna give somebody Donkey of the Day. Phone lines are wide open. Charlamagne is out today, so don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. It's your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Well remember how that's, it's how they choose. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Hello? Who's this?


What's up man? What's your name bro? Capital of the morning, man. It's Marlo man from Brooklyn, Marlo. Who you wanna give donkey today to? I wanna get donkey today to my baby moms man. Honestly, man, she, my mom You know man, Why I got, I got split custody and she's still trying to get money out of it. I, I never heard of this. They ever in New York, man, You know what I'm saying? We got split custody, but you'd rather me have less sp Street get some money. Like that's the most ignorant thing I've ever heard of my life, bro. Nasty. It's nasty out here, man. Strap it up, fellas. Be careful. This should be a commercial for a condom. You feel me? Man. Goodbye man. Yeah, Yeah. Hello. Who's this? How you doing? What's going on? DJ heavy. What's going on? This is Kevin from Jersey. Kevin, what's up? Say what's up to Jess too? Jess on there.


What Up? Hey Jess, how you doing? I'm good. Shout out to you baby girl. Congratulations on your pregnancy, girl. Thank you. Who you wanna give donkey to brother? I want to give it to my girls baby father. I'm not gonna lie to you. Djj Vy. Why? Why straight like this? He was supposed to be following his court order. So she dropped her daughter off this weekend at her grandmother's house, and all of a sudden he text my girl and told my girl that he's demanding her to pick her, her daughter up from his house, knowing that he's supposed to pick her up from the same destination that he dropped off from.


So we supposed to pick up from the same destination that we dropped off at where he picked up from. Can you fight, sir? Excuse me? Can you fight? Absolutely. Okay, cool. 'cause when, once, once you start going at the, your baby mom's ex Your girlfriend's baby Mom. Yeah. You might have to knuckle up later on. Yeah. No, no, no, no. At the end of the day, he don't want no smoke envy. Oh boy. He just, he's a good one for talking at the end of the day, you feel me? When's The last time you got into a fight? When? The last time I got into a fight high school. Oh Yeah. You gonna get beat up, man. Hey, yo, don't play. Hey, yo, He ain't got the win. He ain't got the win. Like you high school, you had win all day that long.


Like you try, I tried to wrestle with my son the other day. After 30 seconds. I'm like, all, all all right, chill, chill, chill. Like, I ain't got the win no more. Hello? Who's this? Miss Lulu from North Carolina. Huh? Hey, Lulu from North Carolina. You wanna give donkey today too? I wanna give Donkey Day to the United States of America for letting a convicted rapist of a 12-year-old girl compete in the Olympics. But it was a problem for Shakar to compete for smoking a little weed. That was crazy to me. She was Convic Who was the person that was convicted? Oh Yeah. His, his name is Steven Van Deve Day. He a volleyball player and he was completely raping a, a 12-year-old girl. And they let him clear to compete.


They cleared him to compete in the Olympics. Wow. Yeah. You said Stephen Van Deve Day. Yep. But Dutch's Beach volleyball player. Yep. He was, he played for USA? No, he, he's, he's, I don't, he he's Dutch. Oh, okay. No. 'cause You know some people that we got agents playing for us, all types of people playing for us. You right. Okay, cool. You right. All right. Yeah. I'm reading the story now. He's 29 years old. He was in prison for four years on an attack on a 12-year-old British girl. He just served 12 months of sentence and has been allowed to represent Netherlands at the Paris Olympics, despite his conviction. And like, like the lady says, Shakar Richardson smoked a little weed and she wasn't allowed four Years ago. Old ass time.


Yep. Yep. That is crazy. All right, well, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to salute to everybody that called during Donkey of the Day. Now when we come back, people are mad at Kanye West because he brought his 11-year-old daughter to see Deadpool. Now we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think it's okay to take your kids to see rated R movies? Now, you took your son to see the movie, right? Mm. Yes. And that's why I feel guilty. I'm torn. 'cause I, I believe, I mean, I, I'm, I sympathize with people that, that feel like, nah, she shouldn't have been in there. But my son was in there and we was cracking up, rolling, having a time of our lives. Now I heard they talk about sex, they talk about pegging, they do all types of wild stuff, all That type of stuff.


Yep. For from gay to, to everything sexual, all types of vulgarity in the movie. I mean, Ryan Reynolds as Deadpool is like one of the most wittiest like thoughts ever. Like I, I love, I love it. My son actually put me on to Deadpool, which is crazy 'cause that is the only Marvel character that's not PG 13. Okay. All right. So, so my son was watching that. Really? All right, so we'll take your calls when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast, Club Alien. Romulus only in theaters. August 16th. Get tickets now. IHeartRadio Olympics update for the first time in 16 years.


Team US Men's gymnastics placed top three in their event and took home a bronze medal in Paris. US gymnast. Steven Neic Tess. He'll never forget the moment. Finish Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne is out today. We're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now, yesterday people were mad at Kanye for taking his daughter to see Deadpool. His daughter's 11 years old. It's a rated all movie. And they said it's a lot of, I guess sexual, I don't wanna say acts, but they talk a lot about sexing. It's A, yeah, sexual jokes and Things like That. It's a lot of vulgarity. It's a whole bunch of stuff in there.


So we're asking what are your thoughts on that? Now, you took your son who was what? 11. He's 12. 12 to, to go see her. So what are your thoughts on that? Man, I'm, I'm still torn on it because like when you in a saint, on a saint, on one hand I understand. No, you should, now knowing what I know about you, you would never let your kids sit in that unless it was your two oldest kids, Logan and Madison. Like, who are 22 and 19, right? 22 and 20. 22 And 20. Yeah. You, you, but you, you would never take your 10-year-old to go see that. But this is what I'm saying. Ashton put me on with Deadpool. Like I didn't know. And like I said, Deadpool is the only character superhero who is not PG 13.


Yo. Like, is is rated r all of his movies before that. Like, the writers go crazy. Like, and another thing y'all need to know about my child though, yo Ashton's favorite shows are Power and the Wire At 12. So like when you Yeah. At 12. Yo. But then the kid side of him, when we came outta Deadpool, he was like, dang, I ain't get to go see In-N-Out part two. Like that's like a Disney Pixar movie. Right, right, right. That's You know. So he's, he's, he has range. He's well-rounded. But while I understand that kid shouldn't be in that movie, my, I mean, I, I didn't have a problem with mine going. He was the only kid in the movies too. I just didn't have, I didn't, I don't have a problem with Ash going to see that Bull.


See, I actually, it, it depends. Right? So if my son is into action figures, he's into Marvel and into those action figures, Spiderman, Batmans, and those type of movies, I don't have a problem 'cause I'm with him. And, I could kind of explain some of those things. Yeah. Because I can't sit there and say my son doesn't, because they play video games all day long. Yes. And those video games be just as bad as some of these movies because they're gaming with people across the country. You know what I mean? And they play these tournaments and, and sometimes like You know, I go in my room, And I watch my son play. And my, my son is 10 years old and he's going against grown men, grown man. And they're cursing f you F that. Now he's not cursing back. But I can hear it through the microphone You.


Know what I mean? Right. But he knows not to say those words. And, I. Hope he doesn't. But I'm, I'm a thousand percent sure when dad's not home, he's probably saying it back. 'cause I did the same thing as a kid. Right. You don't curse your parents. You get what I'm saying? But when your parents ain't there, you might have a potty mouth or two. But it's just a matter, as You know, kids know they, they respect for their parents. They know that they're not allowed to say those words. They can't use those words. But You know what I mean, movies like that when they, with the parents. It is my kids, my decision. I, I should be able to You know that's it is what it is. You know. That's how I feel. And then even with like TikTok and social media and everything like that, all the streaming and everything, think about what our kids already has have access to. Anyway, now you get what I'm saying. So I would feel, I mean I just, I don't know. I felt comfortable with him taking me to go see Deadpool.


My son took me to go see it and it was great. Right. Let's go to the phone lines. We have Lakia on the line. Lakia, good morning. Hey, hey, hey, hey. TJ Mv. Hey girl. Hey, good morning. Hey. Just hilarious. Oh my God. I was not expecting to get through. Well what's your thoughts Lakia? My, my thoughts on kids watching rated our movies, I don't think it should be done. Like kids aren't exposed to enough already. They see enough on their TV screens like in real life. And some kids even live in Rough Park. So I don't feel like they should be exposed at least by their parents.


At least from the adults that are responsible for raising them. I just don't feel like it should be done. Yeah. I mean, I, I understand what you're saying, but You know some of these movies, these kids are like You know Marvel fans and they're action figure fans. So they wanna see it and You know and like, and like Jess said, a lot of, they're exposed to a lot of it online. It's just what you teach 'em and make sure they're mature enough. Like the other day we were out by the grill, And I had a a a title playlist on and then Kaya came on, all your ladies pop you up. Yeah. They like this. And it was the dirty version. Yo Lakia Jess. I couldn't run to the remote control fast. I couldn't get my phone ready fast enough to get it off. Like the whole, it's Whole First verse went through and my kid's looking at me and I'm trying to dive to get it off.


My wife's like, turn it. Yeah, turn it off. It's really Envy. It is so sad. I just feel like the state of The World is just different than what we grew up in. Because like I'm in my thirties so I'm, I'm a nineties baby. I just feel like, I mean like we was supposed to close our eyes during the kissing scene. You right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like I just feel like this is a different time. So we do have to, 'cause I'm teaching myself that as a mother to be more understanding of the times that we are in. Got you. So You know you don't wanna shelter them too much. 'cause I was sheltered and that don't really do good. Like that actually does more damage to being sheltered than allowing a child to find things out on their own.


Thank you. Not yet. But DJ Envy Do me a favor though. Please, please, please. I am a musician. I am a music artist. And I have sick right now. That's out and available to Stream. I made a pop album called Tim. TIMV and Twerking is my birthright. And I. Want you guys to listen to it because I think you guys would really love it. Did you say Twerking is My Birthright? That's the name of the song. That's the name of the album. It's like a pop album. And twerking is so see a rated movie. But the name of your album is Twerking is My Birthright. You got some nerve, but yeah. Well it's, they do it You know in Africa though, like we, we wouldn't, if we was raised You know in our region or whatever, we wouldn't even be worried about all this rated stuff.


Thank you. Laki and people streaming now on all streaming platforms, right? Yes, All streaming platforms. Tim Twerking is my birthright. And yeah, so I just thought to try a whole bunch of stuff. I just, it's a whole bunch of pop on there. Okay, well look, Twerking is my birthright. See I had to hang up. Just stop Repeating it. Yo, I Had to hang up. See y'all say hang up on people, but she going a little too far. I got a twerk. It is my birthright. Hello. Who's this and that? It's, it's Nicole. Hey Nicole. What do you think about parents taking their kids to C rated doll movies? So first of all, I just wanna say I'm with Jess If, you have If, you vibing with your kids in the movie. Why does it matter what I'm taking my kid to go see, right?


I'm, yeah, I don't understand that. So I mean my kid is 24 so I don't have to worry about that. But nevertheless, when she was younger, we can do whatever you wanna do. As long as I'm paying for you. Like if you're not helping me take care of my kid, you have no say in what I have to do or what I am doing with my kid. Big up to Kanye West. Take your daughter to do whatever the she wanna do. I'm sorry. Whatever she Wanna do. I, Okay, thank you. Thank, okay. Thank you Jesus. And It also depends on the maturity level too. Like Ashton is super mature, right? Like, so I, I don't know he can handle that. Like he was in there talking about pause and everything. And I was like, oh my God, stop. Don't be so loud. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Yesterday people were talking about Kanye West 'cause he brought his daughter to see Deadpool. They said his daughter's 11 years old. What are your thoughts? Taking your kids to see a rated all movie. Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne is out today. Now if you're just joining us, we're asking what is your thoughts about taking your kids to see a rated all movie yesterday? People were upset at Kanye West because he took his daughter 11 years old to go see it. I don't have a problem with it. I mean he knows the mature, the maturity level of his child and he's watching the movie with his child. So if there's questions or things that need to be explained or you wanna cover your kids' heirs at certain parts, you can. I don't have a problem with it. Jess just took her son to see Deadpool.


He took me 'cause he paid. Oh he paid. So yeah, that's his like favorite. That's one of his favorite characters. Yeah. So And I. I had fun in it. I think. I think what it is so much the people are in the uproar about is not really the cursing. It is the the homosexual innuendos and like everything. Because it, it is, it's anything that you can think of they talk about, but It's the thing, right? Everything from they, they have a problem with that. But didn't we just seen a whole scene on the Olympics with the guys' testicles out? Absolutely. And that's a family sport event. And That's a family sport event. Yes. So you wanna watch the Olympics, you can see testicles, but a dead pool, you got a problem with it. You Drew the line of Deadpool.


Like there's no way That sounds crazy. Let's go through the phone lines. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's going on? It's Xavier. Xavier. Good morning. What's your thoughts bro? My thoughts is, yeah, I took my kid to see Saturday. We had fun. It was cool. How old's your kid? He is 12. 12. Okay. Okay. Same. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He watch, we watch anime, they show all that stuff on anime. He play video games, shooting games. They do all that on that. So, And that's, and that's my point. Like If, you ever listen to one, two, your son plays against in the video games because they be doing these tournaments. They be grown men and them grown men be cursing, they be screaming, they be yelling all types of stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It is like that. I mean, when I play with him, I don't, I don't play sir. So I'm, I'm talking mad stuff and we going at it and then we seen a movie.


He was like, oh, I'm little bit pulled with the squirt guns and we started cracking up. So he already know what it is. Okay. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Iben? What's your name? Iben. Kevin Iben. How do you spell Iben? IBN. Okay. Alright. Oh, okay. Oh, alright. I'll take that. Iben all. So what's your thoughts? I personally don't have a problem with it. My son, And I went when he was 11 to the First Dead Fool and all the stuff they put on TV nowadays, it's like, what's wrong with that? It's much worse stuff on television, Right? Absolutely it is, sir. I'm with you. Yeah, I agree with you. Yeah. And I seen Boys in the Hood when I was 11, so I turned out okay. But that, that's the thing.


I seen Boys in the Hood when I was, yo my pops took me And I. Remember seeing the shooting in the blood and all that? Yeah. And. I. I turned out all right. I think I did anyway. Yeah. So I don't see a problem with it. You know who your kids are. That's right. Well thank You brother. Yeah, exactly. Right Now what's the moral of the story? Jess You know who your kids are. I love how he, we just ended that. Yes. I love, I mean, You know who your kids are. That that goes back to me saying the maturity level of my son is different. Like I said, his favorite shows are Power All American, the Wire. Like he You know and then he still has a kid side where he watches Smart Guy, right? Sister, sister. All the shows that, that we grew up on Full House. Like he, he likes stuff like that.


You know he's a well-rounded kid. I don't, I don't see a problem with it, but I do understand why people are in and up more. But do what you want with your kids. That's right. And people can do what they want with theater. Okay. Alright. Well we got just with the Mess coming up. What we talking about? Oh my God. Oh, Louis Deval thinks that sexy rig should be on tour with jt. Okay. Alright, well we'll get into that next, just with the Mess is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Larry Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with The Mess Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't nobody worldwide.


Just worldwide Method on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Alright, so I'm going to end on Little Deval 'cause that's a little bit lighter. I wanna start off by saying three out of five arrested for Julio's murder. So Tampa Police, they, they believe that they're on the right track to solve Rapper Ju Julio's murder. Three people were arrested in connection with the deadly shooting. Their names are Isaiah. Chance, who's 21? Alicia Andrews. Who's 21? Sean Gathright. Who's 18? The cops all said they, they also said they getting close to arresting two more people.


They're still looking for Davion and Rashad Murphy. They Picked up the fourth one like a hour ago. Oh, okay, okay. They just, they just arrested him about an hour ago. Thank you so much. You are one of my sources now. Thanks Tampa Police Chief Lee Burka says that their investigation revealed that the suspect, remember, of a rival gang that allegedly had ties with Folio's Op, who was young and Ace, who was also a rapper yesterday. Tampa PD held a press conference announcing the arrest and first degree murder charges. The police also say release footage from the murder scene, which shows multiple people running through a Holiday Inn parking lot and hiding in the bushes to fire shots at the car. Ju Foley was in, folio was in as a reminder, folio was kicked out of his Airbnb while celebrating his 26th birthday.


He went over the capacity, like the occupancy limit for the Airbnb. And he moved the party to a room at the Holiday Inn. And the police believed that he was being followed the entire night then. Yeah. Yep, yep, yep. So, wow. It's so crazy. So sad. Sad, so sad. And, and You know. And for anybody out there and you kids listening or anybody out there thinking about doing stupid stuff, just remember there's cameras everywhere. Yeah. Like there is cameras everywhere. They, they caught you guys so fast, so quick. They, they follow where your


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories. Was she hurt hiking? Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contain a bomb. While the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, a serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I Saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is politicking even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We Can change. The World Podcast by podcast You Talk Flag. Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


Miss the latest in women's basketball. Don't sweat it. I've got you covered Welcome to in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast. That's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. It's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and the Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat Plus the anticipation is building as Kaitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in The World of women's college hoops, the Gamecock Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable. But will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


While Boeing the Olympics are underway, it's useless to talk about it as a thing that's happening in the future. When it's happening in the present. It's happening now. And what's happening now is our podcast, two Guides by Rings is a phenomenon. And while real medals are being handed out in Paris, we are giving out our fake medals here. Two guys, five rings, Matt Bowen and the Olympics. Who are we watching in this Olympic Games? I mean, I'm watching Simone Biles. I'm watching her go higher and higher and higher with every bounce. Sha carrie's about to run faster than you or I or anyone has ever seen. I'm ready for the girls and the boys and everybody under the sand River, under the sand, over the sun, within the waters of the sand. All of them Follow the show on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast platform and watch and listen to every moment of the 2024 Paralympic games. Now through August 11th on NBC and Peacock. And for the first time ever on the iHeartRadio app,


Our goals, there's cameras everywhere. So, so before you're gonna do something stupid, don't do it. But just also know that you're probably gonna get caught. Think about it. Yeah. It is like, yeah. And then there's young men and women like You know. Wow. So that's that. Also rest in peace to actress Erica Ash. She died at 46. Erica Ash was known for her role in the Stars Show Survivors remorse bets real husbands of Hollywood. Scary movie five. Netflix is, we have a ghost in the sketch comedy shows Mad tv. That's where I knew her from firstly. And the big case sketch show she was on her family confirmed that she died after a battle with cancer. Wow.


Yeah. No. And 46 is just youngish. It's just so young. Yeah. 46 is very young. Yeah. And a statement her family said after a long, courageous battle with cancer, she transitioned peacefully surrounded by her loved ones. Erica was an amazing woman and talented and entertainer who touched countless lives with her sharp wit, humor and genuine zest for life. Her memory will, will live eternally in our hearts. And comedian Lonnie Love and other comedians like Mike Epps, they gave their condolences online and they posted about her being their friend and things like that. So just, just make sure you're taking care of yourself, y'all. And sending ha nail and selling, sending healing energy to our family.


Yeah. And I. I just wanna tell people not to say that this has any connection, but I've been hearing a lot of people been passing recently, especially in their forties and fifties. Absolutely. And, I would just tell people you have to go to the doctor. Yeah. Some of the things that, that I know that people have passing from, if, if they would've been, if it would've got caught or, or seen earlier, it could have been prevented. It could have been helped, it could have been You know anything. So please go to the doctor earlier. I know we live in a community where we ain't going to the doctor. I'm good, I'm good now. I'm just going, going to, I'm just take a aspirin note. We have to go to the doctor, we have to get checked. We gotta make sure that we can live to see our kids, our our grandkids and and all that other things. So please get your ass to the doctor. Yeah. Yeah.


And lastly, Lord Deval has a suggestion for jt. He said JT need to be on that tour with Sexy Red JT City. Cinderella Tour is set to start in Kansas City, August 20th. The door, the tour ends in LA at the end of September. So it's a quick tour. Sexy red. Sexy red for president. Tour starts August 22nd in Seattle and her tour ends in October. Sexy tour is advertised to have a special surprise guest Honcho Blake Keana and Low Shimmy are also on tour with Sexy Red. But some fans question why Duvall thinks they should split a bag to go on tour together when they're already doing shows on their own.


Yeah, I think that'd be dope though. I mean if that be dope, if they cool if they, I don't know if they cool 'cause everybody's beefing now, but if they cool, why not? Yeah. I mean the fact that they could both go on tour, you get a good show, you get a, a dope and a woman's empowerment show. I think that'd be dope. The fact that they both go on the tour. They could both make money, split the bag, make more money, go on, do bigger venues, do a longer tour date. I don't see a problem with that. Yep. Yeah, like a collab. Yeah, collab would be dope. And then they on the tour around the same time, so that's probably why he said it as well. Yep. And he liked both of them. So like, he listens, he loves Sexy River. He, he listen to both of their music. So he probably would like that collaboration as well, just as a fan. Yep. That would be dope. Yeah. So that's adjust with the, alright, now listen. Yes ma'am.


Let me get into this real quick 'cause we got a couple more minutes. Weather yo. So I know front page news, we always talk, we already talked about like the, the Paris Olympics or whatever, 2024. Yep. Yo, I was watching the women's boxing You know China and Vietnam, they went back and forth, yo. Yep. Lemme tell you something. Watching two, that that's, that's both Asian right? Yeah. Vietnam and China. Yo. Watching two Asian bitches box each other. Why? Why? One of the funniest things ever. Yo, I'm like, yo, yo, they not even blocking or nothing. Like they just straight, I'm like, yo, There was no blocking. Like there was no stances.


Just there was No bro. Yo. I swear I'm like, yo, why, why we not like why no why they should train in the US and then go back. Or they should be doing like karate or something. Like jujitsu, like the things that they do usually, I'm not trying to be stereotypical, but yo, every time the round said ding ding go. They was like, Yo shit, And, I. Wish I could see Jess's face right now. I was like, yo, only thing that's missing is a blunt right now. You, I could watch that all day Like crazy. But the women's, women's indoor volleyball. Okay, I wanted to give a shout out to Annie Drew's, she had some power shots. They, they did the, the indoor then they, I watched outdoor too, but indoor was crazy.


Catherine Plummer hardest hitter in The. World. Yeah. Like, and And, I And I. Don't even know other people in The World that, that, that hit like that. But these women are six, six and six seven. They going crazy. Yeah. And man going crazy. She intimidated Katherine from, she's for USA Yo. They were so scared. Every time they knew that she would hit Chyna was not messing with her. But then they had another, they had another girl. Her name was Yee Wong Lane. And she was big too. She looked like she was like six Eight. Yo. Justice. Really? The fact that You know these people's names and that you're into it is crazy to me. But I'm gonna watch it today. I know that women's, I think the women's gymnastics is today, the final gymnastics Today.


I'm definitely, I'm definitely, I'm watching that. Oh my God. But we, so we did, we won the women's outdoor volleyball, but Chyna beat us the, the three out of five and the women's indoor one. Yo. But you gotta watch the boxing. Yo. Now I'm gonna watch it. The box. Now I'm gonna watch it now. They just texted me. Listen, on iHeart radio's, the exclusive audio home of NBC's coverage of the 2024 Paris Olympics. Yeah, it's cool to listen, but I wanna see too. So yeah, You gotta see it. You gotta see it. Alright, now the People's Choice mix is up. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's De j Envy Jess Aria. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne is out today. And I. Gotta remind you guys. You know I'm gonna be in Shreveport with 50 cent August 10th and 11th.


He's doing his humor and comedy. What this Humor and comedy weekend, I think he's called, what is it called? Humor and Harmony Weekend. That's what he calls it. Where he's bringing everybody to the city. He's opening up his G Unit studio. So he's trying to get the word out there that Shreveport is the next spot. So he's doing a comedy show. I know he has Andrew Sch, he has Glo. Oh Snap. That's what's up. He has, I'm, I'm trying to think of the, the people he has Kat Williams, a bunch of comedians out there. And then he's doing a concert where he's performing the performing Keith Sweats performing just to name a few. He's doing basketball games. And then we have our call show out there, which is gonna be You know a celebrity call show. Every celebrity you could possibly imagine is gonna be in the building.


So 50 cent is bringing him in the building. That's August 10th and 11th out in Shreveport. And then the week after, we gonna pull up in New York, New Jersey. August 17th. So If, you wanna stop through Kids Five and Under are free. It's gonna be a big family day. You can hit up the link Eventbrite, or Event in the Water to get your tickets. And I. Can't wait to see you guys. Matter of fact, call it one oh five right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You get a family. Four pack of tickets to my New York City car show. So dial carefully. Good luck. All right. And when we come back, Jess, you got a positive note for the people? I certainly do. All right. We'll do that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess, I was thinking about this.


You should do your own like commentating when it comes to the Olympics. 'cause you watch the Olympics. I was watching Snoop do it yesterday. I'm like, yo, Snoop's pretty good. I'm like, damn. Yeah. The way you just made me, the way you just talked about women's boxing. I'm gonna watch women's boxing today. The next time it it comes on, I hope it's not over. I'm watching it. It's not, it's not over because they, they now they in the finals now. So now you gonna really see people like going crazy. Yo. Is America in the finals or no? No, America, us already. No, we're not in the finals. Yeah, we not in the finals for boxing. No, we not. I was watching Batman about it as Batman is when they, they they, they throw that little white little funny looking thing in the air.


That's Batman, right? Oh yeah, that's Batman. Yeah. I'm thinking about rugby. Yeah, that's Batman for sure. I seen rugby, I seen water polo. Yeah. And how was Flavor Flav the mascot for a water polo? I, I have no idea. But he proud though. Yo, he's so happy about It. I don't see Flavor Flav swimming. Like I don't, I've never seen him. I don't see him swimming and do a water polo. Neither, neither. You got a positive note for the people. Yes, I do. It is time for us to do what we have been doing. And that time is every day Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all Finish or y'all Done?


In 2020 in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one. A woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends and I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games. And then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause, lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Super Bowl champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is Politicking even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We Can change. The World podcast by podcast You talk. Listen To politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening


While going, the Olympics are underway. It's useless to talk about it as a thing that's happening in the future, when is happening in the present. And what's happening now is our podcast Two Guys. Five rings is a phenomenon. Two guys, five rings, Matt Bowen and the Olympics. Follow the show on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or your favorite podcast platform and watch and listen to every moment of the 2024 Paris Olympic Games. Now through August 11th on NBC and Peacock. And for the first time ever on the iHeartRadio app,


Welcome to in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast, that's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. Listen to in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And remember, in case you missed it, don't worry. I've got you covered.