
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together our mission On the really No really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling questions like, Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500 A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead the really no really podcast. Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The Guide. Peace to the Planet is Friday. Yes. It's Friday. The week in is head dammit. Yes, man. I feel blessed Black and Holly fa with another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Absolutely. How you feeling, Jess? I Feel good. Yo, I have on so many layers of clothes. It's crazy. It feels like it's six degrees outside. It's so cold up here. I have the heat on high at my penthouse and it's still cold. Yeah. Yeah. They said it's actually supposed to be one of the warmest this week. Like 38 degrees. It's supposed to be the warmest today. That's The thing. Now forget the day it was freezing.


Yeah, It is freezing. It's crazy. I actually put a, a case of waters on my balcony. Frozen. All ice. All ice shit. All ice. They was only out there for like five hours. All Ice. You live on the water, so you also get the breeze of the, of the Water. Yes. The one. Yes. I can't even smoke my blunt be canoeing. I'm like, yo, what's up? Like, it is weird And I can't smoke in my building, so I can't smoke. Yo. The problem is y'all look at the temperature. I look at the temperature And I look at what it feels like. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You know what I'm saying? It'll say 20 something degrees, but feels like nine. Nine. Yeah. Just that they Yeah. They said it was 18 degrees, but it felt like six. Yeah. Too much. That's what I was trying to tell you last night. Don't talk to me Uhuh. I'm like, yo, too. I wanted to go out deep, but I'm like, it's too cold.


No. So look, he text my phone, right? Like it's too cold. You don't even wanna come out. Huh? Tell me you don't wanna go out when I'm telling me you don't wanna go out. How you gonna tell me I don't wanna come out You, It's free food. I go out in negative, negative degree by Did You go Out? No, he didn't wanna go out. He didn't Say I texted her after that. I'm like, so you wanna go out? You Never text back. I ain't never texted back. I'm like, you know what, it's too much. Forget it. Know, forget it. It's not worth it. Instead of saying, yo, it's you Want go out, you wanna get some food Or No. Or just saying, yo, it's cold. I ain't even go out in this, so we'll just reschedule whatever. He like, you ain't trying to go out 'cause it's cold. I, I mighta could have been convinced was cold. That means he, he didn't want to go out and he and he wanted to blame it on you. No, no, no. That's not true. That's Exactly.


And We were never ever going out again. You never not not going out again. Definitely Not going out with him ever. That's not true. But it was just cold. It's, it was freezing. All Right, well You, You freezing this morning, but you made your ass head to work. You made it to work. And I was thinking about that this morning too. I was like, why am I coming in this morning? Because you Got a To, to Jess's point. You gotta lay, I don feel like putting all them clothes on at four o'clock in the morning. I Know. Yeah. Versus six o'clock in the evening. It would've been, you know, it would've been great to do that. But Whatever. I wish I was built like these little kids, man. Like my daughter's 16 and it's like they, it's like they dress like white kids. Like they wanna just put on the sweatshirt and the, the, the leggings. And I had such an argument with my son the other day, man.


He walked up Where your jacket Exactly. Dad, I don't need a jacket. Yes, you do need a jacket. And I start sounding like my parents, what happened if the car break down? We got no gas. This, any of it goes, dad, the car's electric. Why if the electric break down? But see, I feel like my dad smart, the smart as is electric. And they using the logic. I don't know what's wrong with us that we, we was outside so much. 'cause their logic is I'm going from the car to school or I'm going from the car to bring to the building. I'm like, no. Get a goddamn quote. Yeah. Old day. That's Crazy. All day. I don't know about you guys, but all I've been doing the the last two days is watching the news and watching what's been going on in la Yeah. Same. And it's, it is so damn sad. And just to see like neighborhoods and blocks and, and it's just all shut down. And I'm like, how do you po even people who save their house, like how do you still live there?


You can't, there's no schools. There's no, that was a hard lesson. There's no nothing. That was a hard lesson. I was, you just made a hard, you didn't even tell us you was going there. Well, oh yeah. I'm just saying What I was watching. It's on the front page of all the papers. It's just, it's been on my mind. Even when I got here this morning. That's what we was talking about. But I just wanna pray for anybody out in LA And I Thought you was thinking about all that fire. 'cause we was talking about all that cold. So now you wanna think about all the fire for warmth but About for no damn. I was think about La la I ain't gonna lie, I just seen the paper. No. Alright. But yeah, I just continue to pray for people in LA as it's, I've been watching it and watching the updates and everything and we'll get to it next in front page news. Also, Gerard Butler and OSHA Jackson will be joining us this morning. Yes. De Thieves two is out today, so we gonna be kicking it with them. And the new football coach for Delaware State University.


Deshaun Jackson will be joining us this Morning. Yes. Ex Philadelphia Eagle. So he'll be here in the building. I asked a bunch of things. Yeah. Raven Ram, red skin. Yeah. Who else you For? Commanders. Commanders Name Washington. What did I say? Briskin Commanders old. I'm old. I born in 1978. I'm old. Okay. I'm just, if you gotta forgive me, I'm sorry. It's all good. Did am I dead naming them? Huh? Hey, yo Trump say all that's over after the 20th. Okay. He did say that's over. All right, we got front page news next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now yesterday, if you're in the college football, the Notre Dame fifth seat, Notre Dame beat fourth C Penn State.


27 to 24 last night. All right, now good morning Morgan. Good morning. Envy Charlemagne and Jess. Y'all doing all right? Yes ma'am. Yes indeed. All right. Happy Friday to you. Well let's get into it. It is sentencing day for President-elect Trump. He tried to bargain with the Supreme Court and get his sentencing pushed back, but they rejected his request and the criminal proceedings will move forward in the New York Hu hush money case. It was a five four decision with conservative judges, dissenting, chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Amy Coney Barrett cited with Sonya Sotomayor, Elena Kagan and Kanji Brown Jackson. While Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh voted in, in favor of Trump's delay.


Now Trump called the decision of disgrace, adding he will seek an appeal. Let's hear more from Trump on the decision. Well they called for an appeal and as you know, they acknowledge what the judge said about no penalty. And there is really, there's no penalty. But we're gonna appeal anyway just psychologically because frankly it's a disgrace. It's a judge that shouldn't have been on the case. He's a highly conflicted judge and Frank and they called for an appeal. So I read it And I thought it was a fair decision actually. So I'll do my little thing tomorrow. They can have fun with their political opponent. Yeah, he's talking about Juan Han.


What's that? What's the side for? I just don't know who they think they fooling. Like what type of political theater is this thing going to do today? Like Trump isn't getting no damn sentence. No. What they going, they gonna really put the 47 president, president-elect of the United States of American Prison. You think he's gonna get probation? No. Oh please. They already said he is not. They said he's not put in prison. He's not Gonna anchor bracelet. That's my point. So what's the point of all of this? Like said he not what's even the point? Like what is the point? Well, we'll See. We'll we'll see at nine 30 what exactly happens? So of course this comes as he was found guilty of falsifying business records in connection to hush money payments made to adult film actress Stormy Daniels before the 2016 election. Again, sentencing The hearing is scheduled for 9:30 AM Oh God. With inauguration with just 10 days away on January 20th.


Yeah. So yes. Bunch Of political theater that's gonna have cable news chatting about nothing all night long. Distracting. Distracting from actual real issues that's going on in The World. This, come on. Cut it out. And we love a distraction. AKA TikTok. Just kidding. Speaking of the Supreme Court, though, they are set to hear arguments over the impending ban of the massively popular video platform. TikTok now under a sign law last spring, fight dances. Chinese tiktoks Chinese parent company must sell the platform by January 19th or be banned in the United States over national security concerns. Now TikTok is arguing that the law violates its first Amendment rights. However, there is a group of billionaires, former Los Angeles Dodgers owner Frank McCort and that's and Shark Tank investors, Kevin O'Leary, that are looking to buy TikTok.


The group did make a formal offer yesterday to buy the social media platform from its China parent company by dance. But Bite Dance has said on multiple occasions the platform is not for sale. So we will see again today what happens in regards to TikTok Sell it to Frank McCourt. I don't understand why they would just want to shut it down. Like you know what Emini here, it's, it's billions and billions and billions of dollars on the line. But it's a still, it's not a matter of Them shutting it down period. It's a matter of them just shutting it down in the us. Yeah, in the US That's what they say. So They probably make billions around the country. We had Frank McCort up here talking about it. I know that. But, but why? But why shut it down? Like why even shut it down in the US? Just sell it to Frank McCort. Get the billions of billions of dollars and keep it moving. Because If it's still profitable, they might look at it like, I'm still making profits, I don't have to have it in the us. It's still profitable everywhere else.


Ain Got no choice If the US gonna ban it, Yeah, but it's still popular everywhere Else. They're gonna have it everywhere else. The only thing Frank McCort is buying is the US portion Mcc. Y'all Frank's only buying the hundred 70 million users here in the us. Oh. So He's just buying the US version of it. That's It. Oh, That's it. Yeah, that makes sense then. Yeah. So switching gears, president Biden says his friendship with former President Carter taught him about strength. The president delivered the eulogy at state funeral in Washington DC yesterday. That, let's hear those comments Today. Many think he was from a bygone era, but in reality he saw well into the future a white southern Baptist who led uncivil rights, a decorated navy veteran who brokered peace, a brilliant nuclear engineer who led a nuclear nonproliferation.


I wonder when you lived a long life like President Biden has and you're up there giving that speech, I, you know, we Emini here. We all should be thinking about, you know, our, the, the day we go. But I wonder, how does it feel for somebody his age to be given that speech, that eulogy at a funeral? Like, you know what, Emini here Watching his friends essentially. Is that what you're getting at? Well, No, knowing that I'm next. Yeah. It's almost anytime for him. You know, not I'm next. Oh my God, that's crazy. Emini here. It could be next for any of us, but I'm just saying, you know, That's a decent topic. But you know, the main one that I wanted to bring up is the key key between President Obama and Trump. I'm, I'm sure you guys talked about it. Yes. Right. You know what I'm saying? Everybody wants to talk about it really quickly. Trump did speak about it to Fox News. He said it did look very friendly and he didn't realize how friendly it looked until he saw it on Fox News and he said, boy look, they look like two people who really like each other.


And we probably do. We have a lit, a little different philosophies. But they do. He said they do in fact get along very well. Mm. And and Kamala, you saw when Kamala looked back like, what's going on? But many people say Obama took one for the team. 'cause nobody else was gonna be like, could sit next to him. But while others say he bent and kissed, bend the knee and kiss the ring, what do you guys think? Are the optics even that deep? Yes. I think the politics is, I just think politics is all WWE and you know, meanwhile, we out here, you know, cutting off family and friends and business relationships because of who somebody chose to vote for. Like stop running to kick that football man. Cut it out. Politics is all WWE is really just that simple for me.


They Really could have been talking about the NFL. They could have been talking about anything. Yeah. But, but after, after you went so hard, you know, calling somebody a threat to democracy and calling somebody a fascist. And now you just, you know, chummy, chummy with the man. You told him, he, you told us he was a threat to democracy. To me that's just like, said, that's just terrible political optics. That's Wwe. 'cause they sitting next to each other, they could have said anything. Trump could have said, you smell that. Somebody fought it and he could laughed. Like you just never know what They was calling. They was calling him a fascist. Just like his VP called him Hitler. Would you giggle with Hitler? Meanwhile, Republicans demonize Democrats every chance they get. Bruce Fisher wouldn't even shake the VP's hand. But you got the last real leader of the Democratic party. Barack Obama laughing and giggling with Trump looking like Yeah, he is.


He's he, he he's kissing the ring. That's what it looked like. It did. I wouldn't say kiss, I wouldn't say kissing the ring. I didn't say the ring. She looked like a conversation. You sitting there, somebody has a conversation. You thought That's exactly what he Said. If you, if you really believe, 'cause this is what they said. If you believe that this person is going jail, his political opponents, and you believe this person is gonna seek revenge against his political opponents, you'll probably be in there ki keying too. All I'm saying, it just looks like terrible political optics after you've, you know, used such crazy ass rhetoric against him. And by the way, I I I'm the per I'm, I'm, I'm a person that's called him a fascist too, but not because of what Democrats said, but because of what I heard coming outta his mouth. But if you're going to use that type of rhetoric and then sit there and Kiki with him after the fact, that's terrible political Optics.


You, you just don't know what they were talking about though. Like you said, it could have been something quick that he just laughed and kept it moving and we still not messing with each other. I don't Care what you talking about. If you, you showing all your teeth after you said that he was a threat to democracy. Nah, you don't know what, what that conversation was about though. Man, y'all are crazy. You can't say he kissing the ring based off a a off of a a two second clip of, of them laughing. I don, I'm not. Okay. Well he was showing all his teeth and you showing all your teeth after you said this man was a threat to democracy and you called him a fascist. Come on man, knock it off. That's not regular political rhetoric to use against a, a person and then just sit there and act like it's all good after the fact. Cut it Off. All right, well that is front page news. We'll see you next hour Morgan. Yeah, we'll talk about the fires in LA at seven. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm telling I'm Hey, what you doing man? Calling. Yo, this is your time To get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey. Hey, char. Good morning Breakfast Club both. Good morning. Hey, hey Charlamagne, you mother blood bro? I I got a bone thing with you man. Take, take us off Bluetooth. Get in line.


Take us off Bluetooth. We'll speak if you got, if you got us on there. Charla, Charlamagne, listen, two things. Yes sir. For the last at least three years, you've been the main one. Pushing Oh boy was a threat to democracy. Now. That's Right. INII never said I didn't say that. I just said I said that Now, now you, now you did Just say that. But what I'm saying is you can't be, you can't, like when you posted that about Barack Obama, me yesterday, I was like, bro, come on now. You, you, you, you, you, you was right there with them getting on boy about this, this and that. This is why, this is why I say the whole government is a threat to its own citizens, bro.


Because they sit there and do all this in our face and then they sitting at a barbecue together laughing about it. You're absolutely right. And this, this is why I say why I say America need to wake up what's happening in California just like them people. Lemme say this and then I'm gonna go, I think all insurance should be canceled because it's a, it is the biggest scam in America. It don't matter if it's car insurance, they'll make sure it's home insurance. You cancel them people home insurance, them people done paying, been paying home insurance. They say they been paying all time every month for the last 10, 15 years. Them people was being robbed without having a gun put to their head. Yeah. I I'm not gonna say we should cancel law insurance though, but I, I understand. I understand why you feel way, you're Feeling, man, what we in though, let's be honest.


What's really being insured them people paid all that money for years on they home insurance and they ain't getting no kickback or nothing. No. No. I don't think, I don't think that's for everybody. I think it's, I think it's some of the, the more recent purchases. Right. Envy As far as the houses thing. They said 70,000 people in the last couple of months. They said reduced. They said the insurance companies foresee this happening and seen the fires about to happening. They wanted to, to put a rule in now that they could base insurance not off of the past but off the future of what could happen. Yeah. So that's why able to, but What I'm saying is all them people, all them people, right. Say say people had home insurance three years and they never had a a claim on their home insurance and they canceled their home insurance.


All them people get any kind of kickback. No. If you cancel your home insurance. No, it's like having car insurance. So if you had a call for 20 years, you never get an accident. Insurance. The insurance company canceled them people home insurance. And if insurance company cancel it and you don't have insurance, you're not covered. I get But what I'm saying, I get what you saying. I understand Emini here. It's Not it's not Right. I'm, yeah, that's not right. That's all I'm saying. They shut in they pocket and them people man, them people whole life burned the ashes. Man, that girl brought me the kids yesterday when I read that. Yeah. People Being robbed without gun in their head. Yeah, it is, it is Emini here. It's not right. But that's, that's the insurance game. Same thing with car insurance. Think about it like this. You have a call for, you have a call for 15 years, never get in an accident.


One day you get a speeding ticket and they drop you, you don't have insurance. So they can do that. Or if you, if you're a public person, they don't have to cover you because you're a public person and they can say that you're more likely to get robbed or you're more likely to get sued or you're more likely to get an incident. It's just the way the insurance company works and there's nobody really on top of it. That's my point. Envy. That's why I said all insurance man is a scam, man. This, this, this system is, is wrong bro. Everything needs to be torn down from the top all the way that needs to be rebuilt, bro. We need to get rid of all everybody that's all, all them bought and paid for. Man. IIII we need to Get rid of everybody and rebuild Man. Thank I agree with a lot of what you're saying. Emini here, basically Emini here. America is a house of cards. That that's what it is.


It is just a, a a in, in, in a shaky, you know, situation that's always in danger of collapse. Yeah. But the insurance company's always been like that. Same thing with medical insurance and same thing with all those insurances. That's that's what brothers Saying. Yeah. There's nobody Policing it now, by the way. That's why they had a whole show called House of Cards. Remember that show House of Cards. That's why they named it House of Cards. Yep. That's what America is. It's an institution that is just shaky and always on in danger of collapse. Always in danger of just, you know, the tip. We're always at the tipping point in America. Absolutely. Always get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, you better have the same energy we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? It's your boy Lovey from the Bronx. Good morning, my guys Lovey from the Bronx. Love. What's up Lovey? I wanna say good morning. Happy New Year to my family. Celebrated my my young man's 16th birthday. These kids and these, I I was serving hot dogs. I don I don't know if you go through this. I know Envy probably, but they won't eat Rizzie. They Oh, Izzy's this gizzy. Yo, we gotta get over this Gizzy thing, bro. Well how about you? Y'all gave it that disgusting name. How about just keep it cute like hot dog. Y'all talking about g Lizzie who wanna put a Gizzy in their mouth? Hey, yo, This, I'm sure there's somebody in my mouth.


I'm sure there's somebody out there wanna put a Gizzy In their mouth. No. For a good time, not for hunger purposes. I love g Lizzies. See, big facts. I got a question for Jess too. Jess, somebody hit me up asking me being a Tubby movie. I know you are familiar with this. Should I charge him by the inch? Jess? What should I do? Hey, yo, yo, you a Tuby movie Queen. Why asking about Tuby? Hold up Lovie. Don't Young tuby, young Tuby. Yo said, I know that you, this your world like what you say. What should you, what you should charge By the inch? How should I charge Jess? I'm I'm saying What, what they try, what's, what kind of movie is it? Well, I'm, I'm gonna read through the script. Jess, I didn't read through the script yet, but they know, they asked me, they was like, oh, I heard you on The Breakfast Club. Woo woo woo.


Would you be in our Tubby movie? I'm like, I don't know about Tuby. I know my boy shot may be clowning them, but I know you, you know, you being in a tub. I don have tub. Nah, tub. They, they can keep on playing with Tuby. Tuby gonna be where, where Netflix is at right now. That's right in about another year and give it to 'em. But I Like Tuby. I wanna do a Tuby movie. Yeah. Oh, what, well, maybe I could just wait and be and be in your movie. Yeah. Just wait. I ain't Emini here. I'm not against that because You not, you're not gonna get what you worth right now. Okay. So I'm, I'm just gonna hold up. I'm gonna tell him, look, my, my Breakfast Club family is my management. They said no, I gotta pause Now. Wait a minute now he got a, he got a 13 inch penis, Jeff. Oh no. Do that. Whatcha talking about? So, So I'm sure that's why they want him in the movie. I'm sure it had something to do with your penis.


Have that lawyer line that contract up them 13 inches don't come by. Easy Facts. Facts. Goodbye. Love you man. I love y'all man. Have a blessed day. You too Man. I really wanna do a Tubie movie And I wanna do a Tubie movie based off Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club Murder Mystery. Hello. Who's this? Envy. Hey, what's up Trav here. Hey Trav, You just trying to stop jazz. Lemme tell you something. That's why your phone going in and out about to be sassy and shady. Exactly. Good for you. Her little penthouse. Don't anybody even hear you in and out. You in and out. Crazy. You swear you he he sway killing.


He killing it right out. He ain't nobody even hear you penthouse.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night Football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime Videos got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. Sea owners' manual for important safety information.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And Together on the really no really podcast, Our mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why they refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We Got the answer. Well Space junk. Block your cell signal. The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus, does Tom Cruise really do his own stunts? His stunt man reveals the answer and you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is what his doing. How are you too? Hello, my friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to Real. No, really, sir. Bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mandel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening. Really. No. Really? Yeah. Real. No. Really go to really no. really.com and Register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead It's called Really? No. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, ne to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam. Another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat and Another one Gone. A tip for the cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And it began With Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Bye.


Jesus. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is Corey. Corey. What's up? Get it off your chest. So first of all, I'm in LA right now where the fires is happening and this is besting me up 'cause I'm from Baltimore. Damn. And being out here with this fire, I'm ready to run You. What you ready to run? Wait, wait. Where is Jess at? Where Jess at? Right Here. Where gonna run to man, what you doing over there? And we're just, I'm ready to run you And I know you from West Baltimore, but I'm from East Baltimore, but we still brothers and sisters. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Why you over there? But I'm over here for work. I'm a flight attendant not for spirit.


Okay. Charlemagne not for spirit. What? I didn't say anything at Baltimore State. Oh, Not for spirit Because you was ready. Because not for spirit. That's right. But I work for a great airline. Okay. And I'm in la but I'm ready to run. I don't know what to do. But because I don know the, I went to work earlier and they had sent us a, like a, like them know those little alerts That make sense? Yeah. Yeah. They was like, evacuate. And I went to my boss And I was like, I need to get outta here. I ain't got, I ain't have no business being here. Oh, did they cancel the flights in la? I thought LAX was all, all grounded. LAX is running.


LAX is running. Your boyfriend don't wanna leave. Your boyfriend don't wanna run with you. Do not. And I don't got no boyfriend right now. Charlamagne, shut out. Shut out. Shout. I got no boyfriend right now. Okay, Look, but if I did, I, my boyfriend was gonna be back in Baltimore. Yeah, if you can, then you need to make it to like Ontario, make go to like Palm Springs. Like where, you know, I think a lot of people have evacuated there. You need to go there. Where you At this weekend, Ali, you to Palm Springs. You Want, you wanna know the worst part Jess, though? What's hilarious? What I'm worried about Queen Latifah. Did her house burn down? You gotta listen. Yeah. Why you worried about Queen lat time like this Latif?


I ain't worried about Queen Latifah. Okay, I'm gonna check on that for you because, and you gotta listen to the show to find out. But I'm gonna check on, I ain't hitting nothing about Queen. What I'm say what's going on? I'm worried about Queen Latifah. Okay, why don't You I messaged her on Instagram. I was like, queen Latah, like, is you ours Man? Listen, how about you go see Jess this weekend in Ontario? He's trying to get home this shit. Hell no. I'm about to get outta here. Yeah, Ontario was outta here. Ontario. Ontario is outta here. Get outta la. I would see just back in Baltimore. Cory, you have a good one to be safe out there. Stop running in LA I Feel you, baby. Look, I'm worried about Queen Lativa. All right. Oh My God. Goodbye Cory. I'm gonna let you know Baltimore different.


I Know. Let me know. All right. He went from being worried about himself to wanting to talk to Jess and being worried about whether Queen Latifa house burned Up. He wanted to know. Like, that's Queen. That's Queen Latifa. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got Jess with the mess coming up. You got Queen Latif updates. I, I'm, I'm at the, I I gotta reach out to see if she All right, real quick. Good, good, good, good. I, we going to see, all right, we'll get to that next at The Breakfast Club. Got me Googling Queen Latif. Sounds random. Why you say that? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess.


News is real. Moore just don't do no lying. Don't nobody worldwide, just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on Though. As Morgan said, I'm here to cover some more things about the California wildfires. A lot more celebrities did in fact lose their houses. Thousands of people are continuing to evacuate and lose their homes. Yesterday Chrissy Tegan shared that she had to evacuate her home with John Legend along with their kids and pets. Janaco revealed that she lost her home.


She said, me and my children's home is gone burned to the ground with all of our things inside. Lord have mercy. And then social media users, they, they showed a high level of sensitivity by trying to diminish Janine's losses. And, And I hate that. I was speaking to this yesterday, like, yo, just because people are celebrities and they they have money, don't mean that, you know, this is not unfortunate for them too. You know, of course she actually checks some people with grace too. You know, she's always graceful. She said, with all due respect, so many of you are loud and wrong. I worked very hard for many years through a lot of pain to provide my children with this house. I put everything into it praying. None of you ever experienced this. And then she clapped that clapped back at somebody else and said, the fact some of you think I have Paris Hilton money is wild.


I don't got it like that. But I do have a big loving family that is worth more than anything. Well, Even Paris Hilton money though, like Yeah. People are losing their, their pictures. Yes. Their keepsakes that be passed around for generations. Sentiments and things you can't get back. Can things money can't buy. Yeah. F the bags, the shoes and all the clothes that people are thinking about. Crazy. Think about all the, the, the wedding photos and the, and the, and the newborn photos that you can't recreate the, the the things that your parents or your grandparents left you that you can't get back. The things, the the stupid little things that your kids made for you. Most of our, most of, for Christmas, you can't get that stuff back. Yeah. Most of our lives are in our homes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And Tina Knowles actually shared that she lost her home as well. And I'm in a post to Instagram. She spoke on losing her house but reflected on the family who lost five family members.


Mm. Mel Gibson was also one of the people who lost their house. He actually was in Austin for an interview on the Rogan podcast. He was crying, he was very upset. He lost his house in Malibu and he shared the thoughts that he was having while he was away for the interview. He said, I knew my neighborhood was on fire. So I thought he said, so I thought, I wonder if my place is even still there. But when I got home, sure enough it wasn't, I went home and said to myself, well at least I haven't got any of those pesky pu plumbing problems anymore. And as Morgan said, the Lakers game has been moved. And the NFL Mo Yeah, they moved it to the Minnesota Viking Emini here. They they moved it to Arizona.


Arizona. Arizona. My big Arizona. Yeah. Arizona. Wacka Flock always also said we sent over $250 billion to Ukraine, but can't get enough water to fight fires in California. Pray for praying for everyone's wellbeing during this time of difficulty. It, It's, it's so crazy that, you know, a lot of those Malibu houses that were burned down are on the water. Yeah. They are on the water. Yeah. Which is is crazy. 'cause I know in certain places they can pull the water out the ocean, filter it and use it for a lot of the things that's, that's needed. And it's just crazy that they, they haven't used it in that situation. It's also wild when you text, like you text like somebody that you know out in LA and you just like, yo, you know, sending, and for me I do it. I'm sending you positive energy, hope everything as well.


And then they text back, like house is gone, lost everything. You know SLU talk guy Jake, Jake the body. Yeah. You know what Emini here like I like, it's just like, damn. Yeah. Jake Steinfeld body by Jake. It's a couple of people I spoke to yesterday told me, Lord they lost everything. I'm like, What? Yeah, it's absolutely sad. And I got, you know, I got family members that live at around Studio City and they said they, you know, they said they feel safer there. They said, because anytime a fire erupts in that area, they put it out first because that's where the billion dollar studios are. So they have I guess their own fire department to make sure. But it, they said it's, it is rough. They said it's very smokey. They had to be evacuated twice. They had no power. Yeah. And they're scared to death. Yeah. That is crazy. Real quick, Meg thee stallion, she actually was granted that five year restraining order against Torry lanes, which is crazy 'cause he is in jail for the next 10 years.


She testified via video call saying that she fears what could happen when he's released from prison. She said, I feel like maybe he'll shoot me again and maybe this time I won't make it. She also says she hasn't been at peace since she was shot. She said she barely leaves the house now outside of work. And even while at work, it's like hell, like at her show, she's always faced with people screaming free Tori. So she's a nervous wreck all the time. Tori's attorney argued back that, you know, basically it's not fair, you know, 'cause would limit his free speech and he had no plans in communicating with Meg anymore anyway. And after all this, the judge said, we have a shooting that took place. And with a violent act like there's a ripple effect that continues on.


And Meg's testimony is that the rep, the ripple effect has been significant. So, so the restraining order is not necessarily to be around her, it's to, so he can't talk about her music? Yeah. Yeah. Because you know, the the gotcha she alleged that he paid a blogger to, you know, he, they, they, they had the, the Zelle payments that he paid a blogger to put like information out there, whatever. So it's just been psychological warfare. But that's not gonna stop bloggers from talking about her. That's not gonna stop bloggers from harassing her, sadly. Yeah. Yeah. So I wonder how that works with freedom of speech. Right, because you you should be able to write, write and rap and sing about anything, right? Or I guess not. Yeah. Emini here, that's what that, that's what the restraining order does.


Right. He Can't harass, intimidate, threaten, or disturb the piece of Meg. So I guess all of that, that, that Includes the music as well, right? That includes everything that he's doing from the jail. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think that's freedom of speech And I don't know why you would want to do that. If you, if if you're in prison for doing, for committing that crime, for doing that crime, why would you want to continue to antagonize that person? That's true. That's true. But you know, in people's music, they talk about what they go through in their music, they talk about their life, they talk about everything that happens. That's, that's usually people being an right. Brought an artist. But if, but This isn't rooted in music though. It's, this is because of the third bar party blogger situation. Right. But she just said if, if that's the case, he can't talk about her in the music either. He can't. No, he can't. He can't even contact her directly or indirectly in any way. Phone or electronically.


Yeah, nothing, nothing anything. Can't have anything to do with Meg at all her. Yeah. And he still will be making music. Yeah. Yeah. All right, well that is just with the mess. Thank you Jess. It's, thank you. All right. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then the new football coach for Delaware State University, Deshaun Jackson will be joining us all. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you Are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now in college football. Notre Dame b Penn State, 27 24. And tonight Ohio State takes on Texas at 7:30 PM What's up Morgan?


Good Morning. Good morning. Envy, Charlamagne and Jess. The yes. So we are still watching the wildfires ravaging the LA area, and it is impacting sports. I know you like to start with sports. So the Southern California wildfires have forced the movement of Monday's wild card matchup between the LA Rams and the Minnesota Vikings to State Farm Stadium in Arizona. The NFL announced on Thursday that the change would be made and tickets would go on sale. Today, Rams head coach Sean McVea at a pressor that some members of the team staff had their homes impacted by fires. Now, NBA announced that the Lakers game was postponed last night, and they were set to host the Charlotte Hornets. ESPN also reports that clippers forward. Kauai Leonard left the team's road trip to be with his evacuated family, but he has since returned.


Now, luckily his home remains standing and unimpacted at last check. But the most devastating part of all of this is the death toll has continued to rise and authorities say it will continue to, at 10 confirmed fatalities at last check President Biden telling officials in California not to worry about the bill when it comes to the wildfires. He set alongside Vice President Harris and other officials for a briefing to address the response federally, let's hear from Biden. So today I'm announcing that the federal government will cover 100% of the cost for 180 days. And folks underscore, I told the governor and local official spare no expense to do what they need to do and contain these fires.


It's gonna pay for things like debris and hazard material removal, temporary shelters, first responders salaries, and all necessary measures to protect life and property. So that, that's gonna protect everybody but the actual people, right? It's just, just taking care of the cleanup and putting out the fire. Yes. So the actual people, if they don't have insurance, not, they're not covered, or people need food, or the fact that they probably lost their jobs, that doesn't cover them. Just the cleanup of la Correct? Essentially. Yes. And those people who are impacted will have to go through those processes of, you know, the FEMAs and everything like, everything like that. Meanwhile, LA Fire Chief Kristen Crowley is providing an update in La Mayor Karen Bass says, the city is resilient in, they're looking forward to rebuilding efforts.


Let's hear more from those officials. There Are currently 5,316 structures that were damaged or destroyed. And unfortunately our thoughts and prayers go out to the families. We do have a confirmed two fatalities. Let me just thank all of the leaders that are here with us today. I think it is a perfect example of how we are speaking with one voice. We will unify our city, we will get through this crisis, and we will rebuild a better Los Angeles. We're gonna clear the way to rapidly rebuild our neighborhood infrastructure, which means roads, sidewalks, streetlights, and utilities. We will clear the way to rebuild and open our small businesses and provide assistance to make it through these, those closures.


Yeah. So shout out to the hundreds of inmate firefighters who also battled, battled the Blaze. The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation deployed about 800 to assist with the wildfires. I didn't know there were fire camps across the state for inmates who wanna reform their skills and support first responders when they are released. Also, a possible arson suspect is behind bars in connection with a thousand acre Kenneth Bill, Kenneth Fire Burning near Calabasas and West Hills. The man was arrested following a report of a person attempting to light a fire near homes in Woodland Hills at around four 30 Thursday afternoon. That was about an hour after the fire started. Residents reportedly chased the man down and held him outside the hall, outside of a home until police arrived.


LAPD confirmed and arson investigation is underway. The fire that particular fires 35% contained and forward progress, it has stopped, but a lot of the fires around the region are still 0% contained. Although, and they anticipate that weather, the, they anticipate that this weekend's weather will also impact and probably make things a little bit worse with winds expected to rise again. I, I, I do say that's why you gotta trust, you know, you sometimes you gotta trust your discernment and trust people's discernment. Because I saw a lot of people yesterday saying that they thought, you know, a lot of these fires were, were arson because Emini here, if you've been living in LA for a long time, like, you know, you, you, you're pretty used to wildfires. This one is a little bit different. There's a lot of different conditions, especially with the winds and stuff.


But there was a lot of people out there saying, man, no, I think this is, this is arson. Right? And clearly some of those people were right. And contrary to what some may believe posted on the internet, what you may see on the internet, the Hollywood sign did not burn down due to the Wi wildfires. Fake images of the Hollywood sign burning or being surrounded by fire, fire is going viral on social media making. Some people think that the landmark has been lost, but that in fact is not the case. The chairman of the Hollywood Sign Trust tells Forbes Magazine, the images and videos are likely AI generated. Yeah. Oh, that's why Chuck D posted that thing about Burn Hollywood Burn yesterday. I didn't realize why he was posting that, but that must that's probably was the reason why.


And that's pretty much it for me guys. That's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeart radio app and visit us@bnews.com. Go Ravens flock. You already know. Thank you Morgan. All right. All right. When we come back, Deshaun Jackson will be joining us. He's the coach for the Delaware State University, of course in HBCU, former Philadelphia Eagles. Wide receiver, right? Wide receiver. Yeah. So we gonna talk to him next. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building.


Yes, indeed. He is the new head coach of the Delaware State Hornets. Ladies and gentlemen, Deshaun Jackson. Welcome, brother. Congratulations Man. Come on, man. Appreciate y'all for having me, man. It's a blessing, Man. How you feeling first and foremost, brother? Man, it's surreal, man. Honestly, bro, I'm in a position, man that, you know, going, just going through my whole life and my accomplishments, obviously playing at a high level since I've been a little legit little kid, you know, from Pop Warner all the way to high school, to college, and you obviously my NFL career, we in New York right now. So I know a lot of New Yorkers hate me for that Ry return a little bit. But, you know, it's all good. But man, honestly, man, full circle to be a head coach in the NFL actor return two years ago, man, it's, it's a surreal feeling, man. I, I love seeing brothers like, you get these kind of jobs, but it's obvious these obvious these gigs aren't full the money because a lot of HBCUs just don't have it.


So what, what, what, what is the motivation, Man? Honestly, man, it's to change young kids' lives, man. Give 'em opportunities, give 'em hope. Emini here, really the visionary for myself was coming from where I came from, grew up in Los Angeles, California. Really didn't have a lot of resources, didn't have a lot of hope. Moms pops didn't really have a lot of money to help. So sports and ball was my only way out. So I feel like a lot of young black kids, a lot of kids in general, you know, coming from the areas we come from Emini here. To have a guy like myself that knows every step of the way to get there, Emini here, why not go touch these young kids lives, man to help 'em and change their lives. So how did Delaware Cole reach? Did you reach out to Delaware or they reached out to you? How Did that happen? Nah, so Delaware, Delaware State, actually one of a good friend of mine hit me and he was like, bro, you want to coach college football?


I'm like, college football, like, I'll just play 15 years in the league. You know how my time and just everything in my path. I'm like, I'm chilling. Feet kicked up. I'm at the house. I ain't working. 'cause you know, it's, it's a lot, a lot of people don't understand the hard work that goes into being a professional athlete. So when I got the call, I'm like, college football. I'm like, I'm having a heck of a time right now coaching high school, college. That's time. That time is crazy. I'm like, nah, I don't wanna do it. Literally like an hour later I got another call from Coach Clark who's like a big brother mentor to me. And he was like, bro, you interested in coaching college? I'm like, hold on. What the hell is going on? It, it, it is getting crazy now. I was like, man, ain't you in school? 'cause he's a teacher. I'm like, ain't you in school? I said, man, call me back later and we'll talk about it. So I sat back and thought about it And I was like, you know what?


I'm a consider considerate. And literally less than 48 hours, I'm on a flight going to Delaware. So they actually inquired on me and reached out through a few mutual, you know, guys I knew and they was like, man, I had to go take this opportunity, man. I said, I couldn't pass on it if it's something I really wanna do. And obviously it's changing young kids' lives. I was like, man, I, I ain't gonna pass on this one. You know What I hate, man? I hate the fact that like, I didn't even know you coached at Woodrow Wilson High School until you got the job at Delaware State for sure. And I'm like, why the hell wasn't people amplifying that? Why wasn't the media talking about that? Because if you did some bullshit, yeah, they talk All over the news. Yeah, for sure. Bro. Emini here for me, man. I, I think throughout my career, man, a lot of, you know, what has followed me and you know, I, I don't, I don't like to use the word unfortunate. It is what it is growing up, you know, in Los Angeles around the gang culture and you know, obviously the stigma, oh, he's hanging around with the wrong people, he's doing the wrong things.


But throughout my career, like, you know, I've never went to jail, you know, I've never had no feelings, you know, so it's like I'm, I'm kind of put in that box just because I grew up and you know, the guys I do hang around with make partake in certain things, but at the end of the day, that's the culture and that's the nature where I come from. So for me, like I never turned my back on 'em. I never made it. And it was like, you know what? I can't go to Crenshaw sauce. I can't go to Crenshaw Vernon. I, I ain't gonna go to Lemert Park. That's my areas. And like, I love to go back and support and help pull guys outta the area. 'cause I know how I feel to be stuck in there and have no hope to go anywhere else. You feel me? So for me, like I just try to idolize the guys that, you know, I looked up to my older brother who's here right now. I got been having a camera on my face since I've been a little kid. Like every step of the way, it's always been a vision.


And I have people around me that believed in my vision and help me, you know, be or push me through every step of the way. And you know, now I'm able to really put a lot of lights on it and you know, Amazon came through and we did a deal with them and we gonna be releasing a documentary and this fall coming up. So it is just a lot of surreal things going on and I'm just blessed. That's what's up. Did you, did you ever feel like at some point, like this is way before you even got drafted. Did you ever feel like doubt because they remember they were saying that you were too small, your frame was too small. Hundred percent you cool but your frame was too small? Yeah. And did you ever have doubt? Honestly, me personally, I never had doubt. I just used all the naysayers and all the doubt to like fuel my fire. So knowing I was always the smallest, one of the smallest, but like I was always the fastest.


So I'm like, my dad used to always say, well if they can't hit you and they can't hit, if they can't catch you, they can't hit you. You know what I'm saying? So like for me, I just kind of every step away obviously couldn't nobody predict that I was gonna be in the NFL for 15 years. Like the average career in the NFL is three and a half years. I came in that since day one in 2008, no one would've never predicted me to play 15 years. So for me, I just, I, I love the doubting right now I'm, I'm facing some more doubt, you know, people like man, he ain't never coached college. Why the hell y'all gonna go hire a Deshaun Jackson to be a head coach at Delaware State University? And for me, like there's no shoes that are too big for me. I feel like I could feel any shoe there is made. And obviously having like a guy like Coach Andy Reed who was my coach in Philadelphia, Deion Sanders, who's like a mentor to me, you know, I feel like I'm surrounding myself around great people.


It's not gonna allow me to fail and I'm not gonna allow myself to fail. So I think the biggest thing about a head coach and being in a position like this, you gotta surround yourself with people to help you be successful. And for me, I'm gonna put some heavy hitters in a position. I can't let y'all know who I'm hiring, but I'm gonna hire some guys that got a lot of experience played in the NFL, coached in the NFL end coach, that college at a high level. So I'm excited for this opportunity long. I was gonna ask, when it comes to recruiting players, yeah HBCUs sometimes have it a little tough, especially sometimes they, you know, people go to the major schools, right? Sure. Because they feel like they get better looks on television a hundred percent. And sometimes they feel the facilities are a lot better with training and things like that. So how do you combat that part of it? You really wanna know.


Yeah, absolutely. I'm about to come holler at you. You went to Howard, y'all got that Jordan sponsor, right? We went to Hampton Went, I went to Hampton. Hampton Other, I was gonna say, alright, well honesty man, for me Ain't like, ain't no sponsorships At Hampton. Nah. Yeah, I got mixed up. But it all Hampton, Hampton, Howard, all for real honestly man Howard ass and basketball and football, but okay. Nah for sure. Well I think, you know, just with the resources like you spoke on, for me having a name, having a, a guy that had the success I had, I think it's a little easier obviously you go back at what Deion Sand did at Jackson State. He kind of put the plan down, he put the infrastructure down, he kicked the door open. I forgot like myself and Michael Vick obviously, I'm sure you guys seen that Michael Vick get the position at Norfolk State.


Absolutely. Norfolk. Yep. You know, for me, that's like a big brother to me, man. We got a great relationship. I grew up looking up to Michael Vick and he kind of knocked the door down before I did. But it's crazy because when he got, he, he called me, he was like, I got an opportunity to either be at Sac State or Norfolk State and he was like, you gonna be my first hire. So at the same time I was like, I'm interested, but I was trying to like play, not playing but like kind of keep 'em limbo. 'cause I knew I would potentially have my own position. So I was trying to really figure it out. But Emini here with them type of names man, obviously Deion Sanders, Michael Vick, and then you have Deshaun Jackson, like we set up for this and, and, and for me, I think Travis Hunter and Shado Sanders obviously showed a lot of players that are big that you can go to A-H-B-C-U ball out and still go to a Power five and still go get the NIL money and do everything and still be successful.


So I think it's a little more popular now. Before that I don't see people doing it like myself. When I, when I was coming out, obviously I came out in 2005 And I was a, a big time recruit And I always wanted to go to A-H-B-C-U, but for me I was like too big to go to one. But my dad went to Bethune cook me, you know, my mom went to do King. So for me it's just the history, man. That's the culture man. And I'm, I'm pumped up. Ready for it for real Man. Why, why don't HBCUs? Well, why don't they have more money to make hires like yours And, and how do we increase that? How do we get them that money? Great question. I, I think for myself, honestly, if we gonna talk about money, me being the head coach at Delaware State wasn't about money. You know, at the end of the day, my career and the money I've made on, on the field obviously is a, is an honor and a blessing.


But taking this position, it wasn't like I'm about to take this position, I'm about to become some crazy million dollar coach right away. You know what I'm saying? So for me it was just a vision. It was the energy I felt when I went to Delaware. The people I met, obviously Dr. Allen and Dr. Hawkins, Tony Tucker, the Mexican star who was my guy that actually made this happen. And when I, when I stepped foot on that campus, it was just like the morale. It was like you could tell the people around just wanted to win. They had a eager for winning. It's like in the past two years they won two games. Emini here, like this is not an ideal situation for me, but it is because at the end of day I know I'm a winner. All right, we got more with Deshaun Jackson when we come back. Of course he is the new football coach for Delaware State University, HBCU. So Don move us The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We still kicking it with the new football coach at Delaware State, Deshaun Jackson, Jess, Did your mentality had to change at all going from like players to coach? For sure, Man, how do I answer that one? I, I think with this situation, obviously it, it, I did have to clean it up a little bit. And the reason why I would say that is because Mia Lasha McCoy, who's somebody you know, i, I have a lot of respect for and is like a, a brother to me. We was doing a podcast and you free on that podcast, you could say what you want, you could do, you could dream, you know, whatever the case may be.


So for me now being the head coach, it's a lot of things that I was having freedom to do and just relax just because, you know what? I worked hard, I did my thing and now I could let my hair down a little bit. So when I walk in the door, I look at these young men, like young men, when they leave out there during their graduate, I want them to become grown men. So you just gotta install principles and just let 'em know. And I think the biggest thing for me is I know what it looks like. I know what they, I know what the next level wants. I know the things not to do and what to do. 'cause I I'm not the perfect pitch, you know, I did a lot of things that, you know, I had to learn from. Yeah. And, and now looking back, especially the social media space, like I posted a lot of things when I was young and the older I gone I was like, damn, I wish I done post that. Damn, I wish y'all would've showed that.


But But that also shows them that you are relatable too. Yeah, for sure. Know what I'm saying? You got got things, you got stigmas, all that type of stuff. So it and don't claim it actually shows. Yeah, no, for sure. Yeah. Now I know Kevin Hart, your guy. Yes sir. Kevin Hart came up here and he said some things about Delaware State. You have, you have It when you went to HBCU. You don't let it go. Come On. You know what, let it be known. Where did you go sis? She didn't, here's your sign. She didn't go. I thought I was trying to Delaware State University. There you go. Hb where Delaware State is, that's Delaware State. Don't do Delaware.


I know he's a, a huge Eagle fan. I know you guys are closed. Did you call him and you got the job and be like, bro, you gotta take that back now. See what's crazy is I didn't even know about that viral moment until like, maybe like a few hours ago. It wasn't Viral just in Delaware. All right, well Yeah, It so, so when I heard, when I heard about what he said, I reached out to him and you know, I tried to get him to call in to, to apologize here. 'cause you know, now your, your little homie is the head coach over there. But you know, he's dealing with all the fires And I think he's shooting a a, a show right now. But one thing I would say about Kevin man, Kevin's a great dude and got a great relationship with him. I know he Just say thing, you know how he is Kevin Just say things comedy. It was comedy Kevin just Joking.


He just be popping it. But for sure Kevin's gonna come. He gonna come support Emini here. You know, his roots with Philadelphia and being, being a huge Eagle fan, you know, he was like, man, what I need to do? Y'all got a building And I can put my name on. I'm like, yeah, Yeah, We got a whole lot of stuff. You can put your name on this HBCU, we gonna need you. So I'm looking forward to building a lottery relationships. Man. I got a lot of relationships with, you know, like Michael Rubin is a guy that I reached out to and you know, he congratulated me as well too. So just looking forward to putting our resources man and bringing it together man. 'cause think we got a, a big opportunity man to change your perspective on HBCUs, man. And I'm, I'm stoked. I'm ready to get it going for sure. You know, you know what, when you become a, when you become a parent, you start looking at your parents different. Yeah. Like you kind of just appreciate them more and respect them more and understood what they went through.


Now that you're a coach, do you feel like that about your old coaches? 'cause you probably gave some of your coaches half man, I promise I did. And you know what's crazy? 'cause when I was younger my mom was like, you bad, but your kids are gonna be that much more bad than you are. So now I obviously my, I got a two son, six and nine and my 9-year-old boy he be giving me a run for my money. So I'm like, man, I feel what you're saying. But it's crazy you said that. 'cause I was in the, in the team meeting with the guys that met him for the first time like two days ago. And I could just see like, man, like these dudes gonna gimme a run for my money. But, but it's a good thing 'cause it's relatable. You know what I'm saying? I literally was just in their seats. I know what they wanna do and I'm not trying to sit here and police them like you young man, like, you know right from wrong. If you want to be a elite scholar athlete, it's certain things you have to do.


Emini here, it gotta look a certain way. And it's the nature of the business. And now it's a lot of money involved in these colleges like you able to get paid for it. So I'm able to really walk in there and say, look, if you want x, y, z this what you gotta do. You know what I'm saying? And if you don't do it, like Delaware State might not be your fit. And you know, it's, it's, it's unfortunate but I, I want guys that want to do this. I want guys that wanna play at the next level. Like I know what I want to accomplish there and like I said, I don't got time to wait. We don't got time to mess around. Like we not rebuilding. We coming there right now. We wanna win this year. Have you thought about that? Like what Charlemagne said, like you know these students might come in there, some of 'em might be feeling themselves a little bit bit. Talk to you a little crazy when you in the league, you could talk back. I'm sure you could talk to your coach yet, you know, you might have to go move some furniture, but now you a coach, you can't move that furniture.


You Can't move that furniture. But one thing I will say, I think it's a respect, it's a respect level. I always say like how, how do you like when you piece of The planet


Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's streaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together On the really no really podcast, our Mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like why They refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We got the answer. Will space junk block your cell signal? The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus as Tom Cruise really do his own stunts, his stunt man reveals the answer and you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is what he's doing. How are you too? Hello my Friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to Real. No really sir, bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mendel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening really. No really? Yeah, really. No. Really go to really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead It's called Really no really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app on Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love and I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all here I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam, another one Gone BA Bam, another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat and another one Gone. A tip Foot A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing, check it. And it began With me. Did you know, did you know I wouldn't give, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You first meet somebody, like do you come in there and just expect, or like say you, you got a job or you a boss and you hire somebody. Like yeah you might have the authority but you not just gonna talk to 'em any type of way. Now you do have certain bosses that do feel like, you know what, I'm gonna talk to you any type of way And I don't care how you feel but like, is he really going to run, run through a wall for you? So for me it's like my perspective, if I'm gonna come here and ask you to do certain things, I'm gonna mutually build that rapport with you before I just come at you crazy and talk to you crazy. 'cause it's like how I'm gonna expect you to run through wall for me and you, I don't know you, like I don't trust you. Yeah, you gotta build that before you just run through a wall. So I feel like building that trust and letting them know like, you know what? I was once in your position. I know where you want to go. Relate to it. Let let me help you get there.


Follow my steps. I can't make, I can't go play for you. I I did my thing on the field. I can't go play for you D Jack can't go on the field and go catch a pass for you. But I can tell you what it takes to get there and if it, it is on you to follow me. Like I told my my players, I love y'all And I don't, I don't use that word lightly. I said I love y'all but it's on y'all to make me not love y'all. You know what I'm saying? So if if I turn my back on you, it's because you made me turn your back. It's not because I did anything. 'cause at the end of the day, I'm coming in with love, I'm giving y'all love. I'm not coming in here trying to be your daddy. Y'all got dads. Yeah I got kids but at the end of the day y'all gonna respect me 'cause if y'all respect me I'm gonna get you where you, I'm gonna get you to where you want to go to. And then A good thing that to always a good way to always humble them.


Y'all are in Delaware, There ain't nothing out there. Just you come, you know Kelly, we gonna turn up, you gonna come to the games, bring it back after you, you know. Yeah we gotta up come support it. But there ain't nothing in Delaware. So they ain got nothing to do but stay in them books. That's How you play ball. Yeah, no, for sure. You know what's crazy? So within the past two, three days I've been out there, I've been driving going to get food. 'cause obviously Dover is like, everything's on this one strip. So we driving out, I done seen probably like 10 of my, my student athletes, we driving down and we in the car, they're like Coach. I'm like, I'm like damn, look at another player right there, another player. So it's like it is real close and it's like it's family oriented for sure. You might need that at this point in your life because you say you I do. You played 15 years, you retired, you was quiet, but you're still in Cali, so No, for sure.


Around all your family, your friends, yeah. You might need that, that that quiet life. Nah, I, I definitely do And I, I, I think for me man, this, it's a great time because those who really know me after my 15 year career was over, I retired in 2022 when I played for the Ravens. So right when I retired I got my, both of my kids full time and their mom wasn't around. So I think that really helped me too. And that really like put some discipline in, you know. 'cause if I didn't have them I would've probably been traveling, spending money, blowing money. I would've been everywhere. 'cause obviously people don't understand. So it's not only 15 years, it's the three years before that. And maybe one or two years before that when I was in high school. 'cause I was a high, a high profile player coming outta high school. So you gotta think all them years of nonstop working out training this, that and the third.


So it was 2022 when I retired where I was like, I could've really just splurge and just went crazy. But I got my kids full time. So that really helped me sit down. And I was taking 'em to school, picking 'em up, taking 'em to sports and doing a lot of things. So I think last year was like, all right, hold on. I just did that for a whole year. I said, now it's time. I can't be the baby daddy and the baby mama. I said I gotta go coach went to go coach with my older brother, coach Clark who's in the building And I, let's give a huge shout to Coach Clark. Coach Clark. He, he's a huge inspiration in my life. And not only to my life, mentor to a lot of a lot of young men. He put a lot of young guys into college, active college players right now that are ballers. Man I'm excited for his journey 'cause this was a dream come true for him to get this spot in this position. And he's coming with you.


He coming, I made him my assistant head coach man because just for everything he meant to me and what he did. Emini here, it's a dream come true man. He's leaving his family. He's leaving his daughters. Yeah. He left his school that we just built something crazy that's never been happening in a hundred years. And he coming man. So man I, I just want to tell you I appreciate you big bro. That's what it's All, we got more with the Sean Jackson when we come back. So don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with the new coach for Delaware State University. HBCU of course former Philadelphia Eagles de Sean Jackson, Charlemagne Even with the, the coach in thing at Woodrow Wilson in high school. Yeah, there's things that people don't amplify, right?


I didn't know that you had custody of your kids because usually the other way around, right? Not real Salt. The daddy wasn't around. Why, why wasn't the mother around? So Some personal things went down. So we was trying to work out our situation and throughout our situation I was actually, I was playing for the Los Angeles Rams in 2021. Throughout that period of time, you know we was, we was back and forth on and off for about six or seven years and it just came a point in time where we couldn't really figure it out. She left and you know, start dealing with some individual and the principals didn't align. You know what I'm saying? The guy she was dealing with didn't align to what I was preaching and doing over here and we kind of just didn't see eye to eye. We didn't talk, we lost communication. And for me, like I'm a very respectful man And I understand when you're in a partnership and you have kids with somebody, you have to align.


And if things don't align, like I'm not finna have my kids be around somebody that I can't talk to 'em or I can't know where their location is or I'm not going for that. Like my dad installed principles in me And I would never turn my back on my kids. So I'm very influential in my kids' life. And yeah, so it just went and we didn't talk And I was like, ah, I'm grab my kids and it wasn't nothing, you know, nothing too personal back then end day I just had to grab my kids man. And that for me that was like I could not be one of 'em dads that's, that's not around man. Then You got two boys. So Two Boys And I love 'em to death for sure. So it wasn't like a court Situation, you nah, Emini here. It, it almost got to some court stuff but like we really figured it out before then end then. So it didn't really have to get messy. 'cause you know them courts get, it is public, you try to hide, you try to close case and all that and it just kind of got too, too out there.


So I was like, you know what, let me just, you know, get 'em. And she granted him to me and stuff and then, and we just kind of did like that. But it's, it is good now because now that I'm coaching, you know, she ain't dealing with the dude no more and like me and her is cool now. So I'm like alright cool, you gonna help me out? I'm about to get this full-time coaching job. The kids can come back with you and you know where everything's good. So I'm them two years. It was tricky though. But we, we good now. Now you from LA is your family okay we got the fire. Yeah man it's crazy. So I'm supposed to be going back Saturday. I'm actually stay in town for the Eagle game on Sunday. But my mom's here. She came in town for it. But yeah like my family is kind of more on the outskirts but a lot of people in LA man it's, you know, it's crazy man. I just wanna pray for my city man and you know, hopefully everything gets, you know, handled.


Absolutely. I just gotta ask, you know before you leave, you know the Eagles and Giants rivalry was, was crazy. I've been to one game in Philly And I told myself I'll never go back just to the fans in Philly Different. Yeah, it's crazy. They are different. I've Never seen nothing like that. I had a baby with me and they was still said, little kid we kill. I'm like, Jesus. But what did you think about the Giants Letting Sago, Letting say Congo. Yeah, Emini here. Honestly I, that was the stupidest thing you could have ever did and was crazy. I think like one of the, so it was like a front office guy who was actually on the Eagles. He worked for the Eagles and then like he went to to New York and he was in the room. 'cause I remember when they was making the decision And I seen him, I'm like man, he used to work for Philly and it's crazy come, I'm sitting there listening to what they're talking about.


They're like, oh yeah, you know he had okay ear but you know, we could, we could probably just let him go like we're not gonna pay him. And I'm just listening to the conversation and to see a year later, not even a year later, he's killing it. Killing at a high level. And I think, you know, sometimes it's just the like you need that fresh start. You need that energy. 'cause you know when you're at a team, oh I hope none of y'all are Giants fans, but when you're at, Nah, hell no. I am a giant cowboy. Not in life Can we put a Know, we talking about say Sequan signed this so I gotta turn it this way. But damn he Talking about you A cowboy fan Giants ain't even bad. But That's what I said cowgirl, I'm a cowboy killer. My dad Talk that. Do your homework. And I know about DJ That fun, Fun.


My daddy was a cowboy fan. He is a cowboy fan. I don't, you know, I, I'm grandfathered then and Every year he say gonna to Super Bowl every, every Year. That's what they say. My boy I got a best friend. He was a diehard cowgirl fan. My bad. Oh cow cowgirl you say right cowgirl fan in like every year. Oh this our year, this our year, this our year. Then midway through the season, ah nah, maybe next. I'm like bro y'all need to just get rid of Jerry Jones. Man, once y'all get Jerry get rid of him, then y'all might be you fucked With Jerry Jones the other day I saw Him, the day I saw him, the same bots And I told him, I said man, we gotta get this together. And he hit me with some rich white man. Well yeah we zigged and we was supposed to zag but it's okay. I'm like what the Emini here Zag Zigging. Yeah, that's the bad Badm deal. Raven. I'm Raven. Raven. Oh yeah, you locked in. We good. Lamar Jackson went crazy this year.


He did? Yeah. What y'all, what y'all, what y'all predicting on the Super Bowl? I Actually think Baltimore. Yeah Baltimore. And I Don't know why I got a feeling about Baltimore. Who else Though? Baltimore and Philly. Probably somebody said cheese I think. I think, I think Eagles gonna get into shit. Oh actually Baltimore. Baltimore. Ah, I wanna say Baltimore and Philly but I think Baltimore and the Lions. Lions I like, I like that. That could be a potential Eagles Look good. Yeah but I, I wanted to say too, you know a lot of these coaches are leaving, especially like older white coaches because they say they can't handle these kids And I l deals and these NIL deals. And that's why I think it's good for guys like you 'cause you made damn near a hundred million in the league And I think the one thing that they're missing, yeah they might be making some money now, right? But there's a whole bigger, bigger, bigger bag to get. It's a bigger picture later And I think only guys that have done it like yourself can relate to them kids like that.


So Emini here, you support me, right? Yeah, Absolutely. C man supporting D Jack. Man that's Love man. You mean at A-H-B-C-U? Yeah We love, we asked for a helmet but they said you only have one. I don't worry. I got y'all. We gonna take No for real, I'm gonna lock in with y'all. Whatever y'all need Helmet, Whatever y'all need. No I'm serious. We want helmet To put up. I got my Hampton helmet up there. My promise. You know I like this. Be Bad thought said I thought it was Howard. My bad. Nah, I saw this Hampton and We don't alute Eddie George enough either. They always talk about Eddie, Mike Vick and Dion. Definitely Eddie George does his thing over there too man. He definitely come out and support. Definitely. And I saw what Dion said about you. He just like, everybody need to wrap their arms around your stuff. Has he always been in your corner like that? Yeah, Dion's always been a, a big influencer for me man. I think going back to when I was in high school, man, he used to reach out to me and had a opportunity to sit with him a few times.


Went official with him a few times, just really pick his brain man. I think he's, he's a special dude man. Him and him and Jerry Rice are like my two mentors. So to have two guys like that in my corner, man every step of the way. Even like while I was playing even before I got to the league. So Emini here, that ain't, that ain't just a post. He just posting like we really locked in and we got a real great relationship and he's helping out a lot. Like my thing I think you know in our culture we don't give a flowers to people that really like support us and help us out. I definitely want to give Coach Promise flowers 'cause he's for the culture. He is the culture. I think he's doing some great things and a lot of people still hating on him like at a big level man where his sons is doing like that's a dream come true man for any man.


And I know they be like, oh he daddy balling all he is doing. I don't care man. If you got an opportunity to, to coach your kids and see him at the highest level and succeed like that, I hope he become the first pick man. I hope I, you know what? Oh nah, y'all can't get 'em. Well Beat their Pick. The Tennessee Titans might be able to do it. Patriots don't they got the first who? The Tennessee Titan. I took Titans first. First. Yeah, Titans in the Patriots and then the Giant Already said whoever they might they need to make it a package deal man let the daddy and the coach man go in. They probably come back and get shy low later on. Maybe get Travis other the two. You never know That Prime said some slick on on Wallo and Gilly showed other, I picked it up, he was like he on something. He was like I would coach in the NFL if I could coach my two sons on the team Son.


Yeah. I'm like oh I see what he did. I know a little something that the only way he ain't going back to Colorado is something like that happen. And I know Dion man, he's a, he liked that it might, we might see that it might be crazy. I Would love for the Giants to pick him up. Giants clue y'all won Emini here. Nah, Emini mean a non meaningful game. Like why would y'all win? That Was stupid as hell. Yeah. Lemme ask do y'all ever Emini here in the NFL, do y'all ever Just say like there's no sense of winning this game, let's not win this game. Does that conversation happen? I Can't account for that. I now higher up potentially. Yeah 'cause they want them number one picks. I I, I believe that happens but as a player you go out there playing around you gonna get hurt and one injury in your career. So it's not really worth going out there trying to BS and mess around and tear your ACL or be knocked out on.


You gotta think them grown men on that field, they taking care of they families and they want they bonuses so it's a lot of money riding on them games. So I don't, I never partake to none of that. I don't, can't speak for nobody else but I ain't never did. They should Have just pulled some of the players out. Let's pull him out for this play. He's in injured, let's pull This one out. It ain't nothing for them to win that game. Nothing Like come on y'all, we sucked the whole, that was The first home win, You feel me? Like come on, what are we doing? That's The only game I ain't going. I'm like, I'm not going game. We gonna lose this win and they win. I'm sitting there, I was like what the is going on? Nah, that's crazy man. Man. Well we appreciate you for joining us. Hell Absolutely. Congratulations again man. Alright Well it's Deshaun Jackson, the new head coach for Delaware State Hornets and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. You music is real. This Is Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. Oh okay. So TJ claims offset is broke. All right, so TJ is a rapper. Last week a screenshot between TJ and Offset started circulating and he posted this in his, TJ posted this in his close friends, but somebody in his close friends had posted it outside of the close friends.


So that's how it became everybody else's business. But this is the dms. So TJ hit offset and said, where you at? Not gonna lie, I'm gonna smack the whole ish out. You offset says Huh, you joking right? Just seen this pop up. You gotta be the wrong nigga. You texting. I I smoke you. You barely lived already. Who the f you think you talking to? Nigga You gotta be talking to the wrong N-I-G-G-A. I'm in New York right now. Come smack me little boy. TJ say nah, never that little bro. I just want my 10 offset. Said say that. So like I said, he, he posted this in his, in his close friends but it got out or whatever. And TJ also, he posted to warn people to not let offset borrow any money.


He said do not loan offset no money. He's popped LOL. Just in case initially people questioned whether or not the screenshots were fake. But on Wednesday TJ spoke on a situation during a live video making people believe that it was actually true. The offset broke that popped. I tell I a true story. That shit Casino, he was popped, he was panicking, he was asking random people for cash apps. He was broke. I don't know what happened. Nobody was answering his phone call. He popped trying to run up, chasing, chasing, chasing musk guard up gambling, addiction, addiction. And then says yo, he just popped, he calling for cash apps in front of me. I ain't gonna lie to you. The first five I offered, I'm like, yo, you pop be waiting for some bread. How I wait for my money?


I swung that five. You know how it get, he gets popped, not us two dicing each other. He gets popped straight to the Casino. He get another loan for somebody else for like two being I don't even take my loan. I'm like that's off. I'm good on my money. I'm, I'm worried about this. I got mad bro. I definitely run off five beans. Break That down for me. I'm old. I don't speak nigga like I used to. I don't speak tj. Oh. So I Don't, I don dunno. But basically he's saying that nigga owe him some money. Yeah, he broke yo he be in the Casino begging people for money and all that. Don't loan him nothing. And he basically, he he want what Offset owes him. So yeah, That Emini here just 'cause somebody owed you some money don't mean they broke. They made they broke. They just ain't paying you, they Ain't pay you back. That's it. You, they Don't take you serious enough to pay you back.


So fun fact. Hmm. Only 13% of the people that actually go to Casino actually win. That's only 13%. Only 13% of the people that actually go to Casino and gamble actually leave with winnings. That sounds Like a fact coming from somebody they lose all the Time. Nah, you know what? Oh sorry. Because I've been hearing all the Casino talk. They're supposed to be trying to build another Casino in, in Brooklyn. So I was like, yo, how many people actually win when they go? Because I never really hear crazy stories of people winning. Yeah. About winning. And When I googled it and looked it up and said only 13%, I think, I think people go for the experience though. Like, you know, they just like the golden gambling. No, But it's an addiction. Like people think that they could break the Casino. Oh no. It's a real good. People are in like yes. Support groups Yes for that. Like it's a real addiction But if only 13% of the people actually win.


Yeah, It's, it's putting up a Casino is really to get you. Yeah, that's not true. 30% is a lot bro. I made a lot. 13% is a Lot in the Casino. That's a large percentage of people. I lost a lot of money but I made a lot more money than a lost in the Casino playing Bacca Rock. That's a good game. 13% in the Casino is better, better than Powerball and Mega Millions. But we do that all the time every day. You know, every day. But we don't do it like people in the Ca Casino. Well I don't do it. I do Powerball make, I go get my numbers every, every, oh see I'm, I'm gonna play the Mega Millions Night Money away like that to the Casino. Well moving on. Oh, I wanted to say if Offset is anything like his wife, he gonna be online proving that he is not broke in the next couple hours seats. Yeah, but I, I don't, I don't know, I don't think he take TJ that serious to be doing that Emini here.


'cause he would've been saying something. I don't, I don't think, I don't think it Was all the way last week. I don't think Offset broke. He might owe TJ some money but he ain't broke. Yeah, No I don't think he's broke either. But I'm just saying, you know, car ain't broke either but she car Might come to offset the defense. Right. Don't you call my baby daddy broke. Daddy broke, broke. I'm the only brother that called him broke. This is a receipt for him. $250,000. Alright, here we go. Moving on. 50 cent response to Jim Jones. So Jim Jones sat down with Justin Laboy on his show respectfully and he got into it, of course his relationship with Cam and of course Mace came up. This is what he said about it. I watched Mace on Cam and everybody around him like all the time I was there the whole time.


I was Cam's man. Cam and Mace were so-called best friends grew up together in RP Hu. Like I, I was there for everything. That's one thing that people can't never say is that I wasn't there for every single thing. What Was your problem with Mac? Like how did that all happen? Cam enemies were my enemies. Okay. Anybody Cam didn't like, I didn't like And I already see how he was handling Cam. So I definitely didn't like him. You dig? And then And I seen how much love Cam Cam had for him and how Cam was jumping out the window for him, which a friend shit and shit like that. He was trying his best to make sure that Mace stayed as safe as possible. Yeah. Things got even more messier. They went into gym coming out with 50 in New York City back in 2007.


And the performance as y'all know was controversy. It was also, it was controversial because Dipset was already falling out behind the scenes. 50 was beefing with Cam at the time. So it was a whole thing. Even a cam right now he just did the interview with 50 For the younger audience. We had like a rap battle thing and 50 what you did. So we was having interior problems at Dipset. Nobody knew about this. Right. So when me and you were battling during our music thing, you got members of Dipset to come. Yeah. Show be on my right. I did a lot for them. S in they life. Both of them. Pause though. Get off of my Kims I thought we could pull it together.


Next thing I know I see Jim performing With you. Ain't think nothing. He could pull nothing together. He couldn't do nothing with me. I was my own boss. I did what I did as a soldier 'cause I was a soldier. You heard I did what I wanted to do. I seen the wasn't going right. So I started doing what Jim Jones needed to do for Jim Jones. 'cause the, that was supposed to be the dawn wasn't taking care of the capo. He basically felt like Cam chose sides, you know, against what also benefited Jim. So he had to do the same. And Jim actually got more into the fact that when he called up the radio station, he bought, well he bought up Cam calling the radio station When Cam did this shit with calling the station up over the couch. And I felt that was childish. That wasn't like, you don't press no real buttons and you not about to come outside when it's time to really get active.


So how dare you do some weak like that that really didn't hold no merit. Like you start going crazy over katcho over a white man. That was that been jerking us since we got Sania. And whatever backdoor deals you have with 'em serves you more advantageous than it served me. I feel so old. 'cause I know all of these conversations. Me too. All you gotta do is reference them And I, I remember 'em all so vividly. I know. Me too. But I guess it, it is people this, for the people that don't know none of it, of course 50 cent responded calling Jim individual one and he said, I'm just gonna read one of the things he said, individual one came is on vacation right now, but wait till he gets back and you're gonna get it. Oh, denim thieves two in theaters tomorrow. The the sad thing about all that is, is if you know Jim and you know the dip set how they started, Jim loves Cam.


Yeah. Like that's his, that's his brother. Yeah. And Emini here. He he's cried about it before because they have a a real bond relationship. And, and when all this happened, I know it hurts him. I know And I know it hurts Jim. 'cause Jim is is that type of person. But I was trying to He's a cancer. Yeah, I was trying to figure out where the beef started, but I think it started over friendly going back and forth with, with 50 and, and Jim talking about the workouts and then you know, when Yep. You go back and forth and you're dissing each other and then it goes a little too far. I think it went a little too far and crossed that line. But at first I, I I was Jim and fifth was fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For the record, cam and Jim always break up the makeup, but Lauren just spoke to a source that told her that this time detention stems from something that was a personal matter to Cam, you know, that, that they cam or Jim never discussed publicly and then an interview released around that same time that didn't help the tension.


So yeah. Something personal. Yeah. I, I'd like to see all these brothers be at peace with each other. And I know these brothers are older, but if it's two people I believe still get active. It's Jim and 50. I I was gonna say that too. I want peace. Okay. Yeah, I was gonna say that too. But those are the two that you will see get active. Yes. But I want peace. F's not gonna back down and Jim's not gonna back down. What? Boy, it's gonna be entertaining. Okay. Just the whole back and Forth. I don't see Jim 50. I'm just talking about verbally. I'm just talking about social media. I ain't talking about, I don't want no scree though. I'm just talking about verbally. It's gonna be entertaining because they The type of, they in the same spot with each other. You don't even wanna think about it. It's gonna be five. I don't even wanna Think about that And I don't wanna see that anymore. I don't wanna think about that. But social Media jokes them some funny people. All, everybody we just named is hilarious. Hilarious. Yes, I'm here for the that Show, but they're not gonna stop. That's like the hip hop Kings of comedy. Yeah.


50 cam and Mace. They're never gonna stop. I'm here for it. No, they're not gonna stop That is just what the mess. Yeah. I don't wanna see that on Social media. Just not in the street. I don't wanna see it either. Yes. 'cause it's gonna go somewhere, but, all right, thank you. Jess Ate Yes. Who giving that down to We need governor Greg Abbott to come in front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him. All right, well we'll Get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club Lama. Say the game Donkey utter shape. LA You are a Donkey. It's time for Donkey of the Day. Donkey Of the Day does not discriminate. I might not have the song of the day, bro. I got the donkey day. Don. You ever feel I need to be a donkey man today with the hero, The Breakfast Club bitches?


Who's donkey of today? Today? Well Ed she donkey today for Friday, January 10th, go to the Governor of Texas. Greg Abbott. I don't know how I missed this one, but man, that's good. See we live in a society where there is a lot of fake Karen that goes on in The World. People wake up every day waiting for the algorithm to tell them what to care about. And when someone dies, especially when someone dies, it brings the fake hearing outta everybody. Okay folks, start digging up pictures they have with the person who passed. Doesn't matter. If the picture was taken 20 years ago and that picture was the one and only time they met this individual, they will post that picture with some fake deep caption acting like they were so close and acting like they cared about the person so much. Bye humbug. Okay. You don't really care. You just see the person trending and want to be a part of this part of the trending topic, part of the story.


But when it comes to Governor Greg Abbott, this is a case of when fake Karen goes wrong. Okay? We all know President Jimmy Carter has passed away. Right? He was the reason the post office was closed yesterday. I learned that the hard way. 4:20 PM I pulled up to the post office tugging on the post office door wondering why it was locked. Me too. You did that? Yeah. I had to go to a FedEx. Well, we learned the hard way. And then I read the sign on the door. We are closing observance of Jimmy Carter's funeral. Okay, but Jimmy is daddy, he's passed away. And Governor Greg Abbot fake cared about it. He fake cared about it so much that in a now deleted post on X, he paid tribute to President Carter and said he and his wife send our prayers and deepest condolences.


The First Lady, Rosalyn Carter and the entire Carter family. That's what you should do, right? Well, it's one problem with that. Let's go to a BC news tent and see what the problem is. And tonight we're looking into an embarrassing mistake following the death of former president Jimmy Carter. A story you may have heard, claims Texas governor Greg Abbott sent condolences to Carter's wife Rosalyn, who died in 2023. And this one, folks is true in a sense. Deleted post on x, Abbott paid tribute to Carter and said he and his wife, quote, send our prayers and deepest condolences to First Lady Rosalyn Carter and the entire Carter family. Rosalyn Carter died in November, 2023 at the age of 96. Jimmy Carter passed away last Sunday at the age of a hundred, making him the longest living president in American history.


I think it's safe to say when it comes to President Carter, Greg Abbott don't give a damn. He don't give a F. Okay? Governor Greg Abbott said him and his wife wanna send our prayers and deepest condolences. The First Lady, Rosalyn Carter, as you just heard, Rosalyn's been dead since 2023. Okay? This is what happens when you fake hair. Okay? Now granted Rosalyn was, you know, 96, so when you 96, you know when you at that age, yeah. When you die, people will be like, damn, I thought they been dead. Okay. And I understand why he deleted the tweet because it is embarrassing. This is like in the 19 hundreds when you were making a yo mama joke and the person tells you that their mother is dead.


You know, this is embarrassing. Like, you know, asking a woman, when is she due? She's not even pregnant. She's not even pregnant. I did that one time. Never again. Or when you see a fat person losing weight, this is recent. You know, you see a fat person losing weight and you be like, Ozempic. You know what I'm saying? I did that. Nah, Don't nobody did. He did that. That's I did That this morning. Yeah. You what? Who Did that too? Can do that. Oh, who we talking about? Oh, play the music. You ain't gonna play his music. Speak of the dieting devil. Always. You ain't gonna play his Music. Not so Big Mac Is in the room. Big Robert, not so Big Mac is lady. Yeah, he ain't not even that big no more. He that because he's the king.


He's the one that said it to me. He said, Hey man, that is Ozempic hit. And I said, I'm not on Ozempic. Somebody at the store asked me, you know, what was my surgeon's name? And I said, I didn't get the surgery. This, they said that to you? Yes. Literally happens all the time. What? That's like how we, you'll keep asking envy about his new nose. No, that really happened though. He had the surgery. I did not have no surgery. You Didn't have surgery on your nose. That was the hard No, they cleaned out the polyps. You had surgery On your Nose. I did not have no surgery on my nose. Anyway, happy New Year. Mac, what Do you Happy New Year. We're not talking about food. So what's up? I get that he deserves, he deserves donkey. Okay. But you gotta give him a pass. Why? Because he's 67. That's Not old. Yes. But he's at that age now where your mind just be gone sometimes.


We all have parents around that age where they done called us every name under the sun other than our own name. You know what, he got a point, I'm, I'm at the 10 to age of 46 and you know, I got four kids, the three youngest ones. I'm always calling them the wrong, wrong Name. I confused the hell outta mine too. Brooklyn, London, whatever your name is, come over here. You know I'm talking literally Charman the other day was when he was trying to call me, he was like, Bruce, Bruce, miss Pat, come in here. I said, come on big man. Call you Miss Pat. Excuse me Ms. Pat. Wait, Ms. Pat, wait, wait. Ow. I was, nevermind she gonna get in that She called me all the names Ruben, everybody. I said, damn, miss Matt Ruben's smaller than you. Now how you gonna still be Ruben?


I do agree, Doug, that when people are at a certain age, just to be safe, you should just assume they're dead. Everybody's dead. What? Yeah, Like, you know, Jimmy died at a hundred. So Common sense would say to me, well how old is his wife? Because I doubt she lived to be a hundred. And you would be correct. But that's what Google is for. But when you, the governor of the state of Texas, you should know these things. Especially in regards to a former friend. Like who's outliving you? You at a hundred. That's right. That's like that scene from life when he was reading a letter and the whole family had died. Yeah. Thought y'all noticed That your second cousin Bo died. Bo died. And your and your other cousin Sally on your daddy's side. Yeah, she died. Well apparently your sister died too. Yeah. I don't wanna say Marlene here. Yeah, Marlene died. Oh, no, no, no.


Marlene, Jenny. Jenny died too. Jenny and Marlene both Did. Yeah. Emini here, you know, to the point Jimmy's President Carter was a hundred years old. So you probably should have just said condolences to your kids and grandkids and great-grandkids just to be safe to everybody. Just to be condo condolences to Family. Like That's it. Condolences to your family. Yeah, that's right. Because that's right. Didn't Sly Tyson live to be like 104 though? No. Four Black Don crack though. Yeah. Yeah. She was passing a hundred. Don't try to act like people don't live like that. It ain't, It Ain't a group of people that, you know what Emini here. No, it's Not a group of Yeah, your group text mad quiet, Please give Governor Greg, governor Greg Abbott. This sweep sounds in the Hamiltons Oh, you the, the day Heehaw.


But you know, Cicely was 96 and she was active. No very much. You know what I'm saying? So you always saw her when you don't see, like I, I, I don't ain't, I don't ain't even see Rosalyn caught him just out and about. Oh no. You know what, Emini here. No, But we also wasn't looking For her Evil wasn't looking for this Jesus Christ. He definitely wasn't looking for her. Hey, neither is Greg Abbott. Thank you boy. Greg Abbott. Alright, Alright, alright. Well thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. Now when we come back, we have Gerard Butler and OSHA Jackson, the new movie, denim Thieves two is out today. Hey. And we gonna talk to them next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Roast is filling in for Jess and we got some special guests in the building. It's been some time since you've been here before like seven years. Last time you were up here promoting De D one. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Gerard Butler and OSHA Jackson. Welcome. Hey, how you doing? How you feeling man? Hey, Just pretend there's an audience here. Woo. You guys are amazing. We love you Jerry and osha Appreciate y'all. Well first and foremost, how are you doing? I know you out in LA And I see the fires are crazy in La h How, how is that with you and, and the family? I'm literally talking, waiting for updates right now. There was, it's something starting near the Valley area, so I'm just checking on my daughter and things like that.


So, you know, little, little on edge. But Emini here it is. Nothing I could do from here except worry. Is that, is that an evacuation plan? Like if this goes go this route or go


Piece of the planet, Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior, completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together On the really no really podcast, Our mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why they refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We Got the answer. Well Space junk. Block your cell signal. The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you, and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus, does Tom Cruise really do his own stunts? His stunt man reveals the answer and you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is with us. How are you too? Hello, my friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to Really no, really, sir. Bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mandel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening. Really. No. Really? Yeah. Really. No. Really go to really no. really.com and Register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead It's called, really No. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam, another one Gone. BA Bam, another one Gone. The Cracker A bat and Another one Gone. A Tip the cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yeah. So Emini here. Yeah. But as much as you can. I, I wasn't expecting some of 'em to be as, as close as they are when I got up, but yeah. So I'm just trying to be a helicopter dad right now as much as I can. Absolutely. Now let's talk about Denim Thieves two, seven years. Why did it take so long to show to shoot part two? Yeah, tell us Gerard. Well, you know, 'cause OSHA is on Nightmare. Oh my. And I've heard he's such a princess trying to get him to, I've heard, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We lake a jerseys on. I heard. No, there was, it was a a a a bit of that, you know, and a little sprinkle of this. And it just, it it took longer than we thought.


And by the way, truly for various reasons. One, one of the main reasons is when we first started writing the script is I thought we really hit gold in the first one. And it was very different. It was very clever. You know, it took a long time for that first script to get to that stage. So not to just turn out something and go, oh, here's the second one. You guys liked the first one. But to be honest, it took a long time to make that script work. This one, you know, kind of all the twists and turns and how, 'cause there's a lot going on in this movie. And we'd always get to the stage. We go, okay, this is good, but this still doesn't work. And to make it all kind of like a, like a jigsaw puzzle and then sing and then other happens. It's so crazy how you turn off your Well, how I don't hear the accent in the movie.


Yeah. Like in, in the movie American all day long. But, but now I can hear it go in and out. It's crazy how how you're able to do that as an actor. Yeah. Is that difficult? It takes work. I've, I've done it a lot now. But yeah, Emini here, every morning when I go to set, I have to do like 40 minutes of voice lessons, you know, the sounds learning to kind of speak, like, make more of the vows. 'cause in Scotland we hit the consonants, right? We hit the C's and the K's and the T's and in America you guys come off the stance, you're more like, ugh. So I start, I do exercises I like, but actually I do, I do exercises like, and you start talking like this and then, well, you're On a bunch of meth head and something. Yeah, You're an American that only the whole time.


And it depends where you at. Because I say I, I, I'm from South Carolina, so I say straight street strong. Mm, okay. Yeah, that's true. Emini here. If it's more urban then like, because I just played, no, That's this country. No, but I just played I a New York character and that was very much like, you know. Yeah. Do he, did he, he didn't, you know, like that kind of thing. So was that Urban? That's the urban, that's Italian Mob. That was New York. That was New York Mass. Through Irv. No, no, wait, said how his, his American murder versus your Scotland murder. Oh Yeah. Murder. That's Scotland. You go murder. And, and in America it's kinda like murder. And, And I couldn't say that took me years and there was a a, a movie once I was shooting what I had to say.


No, not if he's murdered. And I couldn't say, I'm like, no, not if he's murdered because we have such a thick r and d, you know? But yeah. You mean American Scotland? So is that about the, it's about the challenge. You, you guys, How many careers has he ruined? Just Sitting there in nutshell A lot. It's not about the money, it's about the challenge. Let's talk about that phrase. That's a phrase that's mentioned a lot in the movie. Yeah. Do y'all live by that? No. You know, like I I, I was talking to him in for more press for this, because that quote keeps coming up. It's a little bit about the money.


Like really you're, I'm robbing the Federal Reserve in The World Diamond Center. It's a little bit about money. Oh, I thought I thought you was about in real life. That's what I Talking about real life. That's talking about real life Emini here. Yo, you talk about it too. Dionne Sanders and my pops have a, a quote, you know, if everybody doing it for the love, I'll do it for the love. But if everybody, you know, we all getting paid. We all getting paid. It's just The World that we live in. That's true. But you have to take those challenges to uplift yourself to get yourself to a new tier. I'm very, I'm easily content. It's easy to get stagnant when you don't need much. So if you don't take those challenges, if you don't take those risks, you're just gonna be in the same spot every single time.


It was a a, a portion in my career where I felt stagnant. Where I felt like, you know, we're not, we're not going up, but we're not going down either. And one night I might have been faded. I DM Kobe Bryant and Kobe, God bless it. Yeah. I, I asked him, I was like, dude, you, you've done everything. How do you keep yourself wanting more? How do you keep like away from being comfortable? Right? Gimme some movies. Gimme some books. Gimme a, a quote, a mantra or anything. He gave me his number. Oh, wow. So I'm drunk, so I'm not about to call Kobe like right then and there. So I, I hit him and he was like, all right, I'm gonna call you in a few days.


So for like two weeks I was waiting by my phone, just waiting for Kobe to hit me. And then I was in a Uber coming back from a table read and he called me And I, I remember I told the Uber driver, I was like, Hey, can you turn the radio down? Kobe Bryant's calling me. He was like, Kobe. Yeah. So now the driver's looking in the mirror while I'm on the phone. And I talked to Kobe for 25 minutes and he said that feeling that you have not done enough or that where you are isn't good enough and you want more and you don't know why you want more hold onto it because that's the only thing that's gonna make you want to take shots, take risk and, and uplift yourself.


And then like, that was the first and only conversation I had with my hero. 'cause two months later he was gone. Damn. Wow. I would think I don maybe I'm just, just just me in my mind and what I think your life is like. I thought you was having be be around these type of people all the time. Emini here, I'm around them, but it's not like I ain't got they number to just be like, you know, hit 'em up and call 'em. But it is just one of those things like if I didn't take that challenge, that risk to even message him, I wouldn't have had never had that conversation. All Right. We got more with Gerard Butler in O'Shea Jackson. When we come back, the new movie, dent of Thieves two is out today. We'll kick it with them. Simone, when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking with actors. Gerard Butler and OSHA Jackson. They have the new movie D of Thieves two Pantera out today. Charlemagne Question, didn't you go to school for screenwriting? USC. Yeah, university of Southern California. So it's interesting to me, like Envy said it earlier, just he asked a question about, you know, do you still, do you get respect for yourself Now? I'm like, yo, you really put in the work. Like you really studied your, your craft. They don't give a damn know. We get, we get Dragged for the the nepotism conversation. I think you unfairly get that too. Yeah. But I love it. You Emini here, you not about to make me feel bad of just like, oh, you had a good life point. I'm sorry man, I, you know, I hope y'all all grow to have nepo babies yourself, but I'm not, I'm not, I'm not running from that.


You're not about to make me feel bad for, you know, my blessings or my family and try to run from it. You know, get, get mad, get glad, get heavyweight trash bags. I don't give a damn. You always felt like that Emini here. No. It, it takes a lot for you to get there. You, you start to believe and listen to people. Any talks of that getting out of a shadow are from the outside looking in. It's not a shadow man. Your, your, your parents or whoever did not put in the work for you to feel ashamed for all the sacrifice that they, they went through. Wow. That's right. That's beautiful. So it's just like, the way that I look at it, it's been happening for centuries. It's not a shadow.


It is taking the Jackson name and pushing it even further. And then when, when she's ready, my daughter's gonna have to do the exact same thing. So when you look back at the, you know, the ends of time we still there that, are You surprised by your voice sometimes? Like, like how big people look at you? Like I seen when I, I think it was you, you said something about Andrew Schultz, right? Yeah. And it went viral like crazy. Were you surprised about that? Or was it one of those things you just, with the homies, like, this is how I feel and you just thought it was going to end there? Yeah, I didn't Emini here. I didn't think my, my words even meant that much. And I don't have a problem with Sholtz at all. I just thought the comment was weird. It's not that IWI had some soapbox moment where I put up four or five paragraphs on Twitter or even continue to do.


So it's just Emini here. The comment was weird. And that's it. I sometimes don't recognize that people give a shit because I've said so much that you didn't give a out before. So like, you know, they, they pick and choose what sticks and you never know what does. And sometimes I gotta just remember that you do have a little bit of weight and you know, I don't mean nothing by it. It just was on my mind. And you said you was a fan? Yeah, exactly, bro. Like, first of all, he's hilarious in tires, love tires. But like, it is just, it's just how people are gonna run with it. And even when you do interviews and stuff like that, you have to be conscious of like, what's gonna get clipped, what's going to be spread out there.


People are not going to click the link to the full interview. No, it's just not gonna happen. So you just gotta be mindful of this stuff. It's just the game of the internet. How Has LA changed from everything that's going on in the last year? Right? You, you're a huge LA fan. Huge Lakers fan. Huge Dodgers fan. Huge Kendrick fan. Yeah. And, and we've seen, this has been LA's year last year. So how have you seen the change of LA as far as people outside the scene? I feel like every region, every now and then, whether it be the south, you know, east, east coast, west Coast, every now and then there's something that jolts them where they got the sound. And right now I feel like with Dot, with Tyler, we got the sound.


You know, my pops and Snoop put out an album. Like the sound is there. Absolutely. We, we abso Blue Lips by the Sound is there right now. And even other artists like Doja and Billy Eilish, my man Vince, like, we got like 20 people out right now. Right. And so it's a, you know, it's a beautiful time on top of the Dodgers just being disgusting. I'm sorry New York bro. I'm sorry. How you, Why your pops do this like that though? I was about to say how the music board Is involved have Nothing to do with the baseball man. Why Pop sound was so clear and ours wasn't. Listen, he Taking it serious, bro. This is why The Breakfast Club Is you, he's the reason that that they won.


Like how do you feel about that? Like, they're like, oh, he's the reason part, like he's a part of the win. Like he's a part of the Motivation of Win. That's a Guy out twerking though. That was a little strange. Bro. Don't talk. I'm talking about Dave, Dave Roberts, bro. The manager. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dave Roberts. Yeah. That's wild. But it was a, it was a beautiful feeling. It was a good day. We just shake Your having a, I guess It was, it was a beautiful feeling. You know, I'm, I'm not gonna act like I'm this diehard baseball fan. I've always said baseball needs more dunks and touchdowns and steroids. But you, but so going to that game, seeing that field, having that nervous feeling of The World Series and then watching my guy walk the entire field doing his thing, being in his element, it being so clear and him knocking it out of the park.


It's just one of the, one of the proudest moments that I've had as his son. And when he was done, I looked over at my, my brother and my sister and was just like, man, he did it. You know? It's just one of those weird feelings that are out of a movie. It helped that we won too. 'cause I, man it would've been, I would've been upset, but even for him to do it at the parade, it's just one of those things where it's just like, how could you, how could I ever run away from being blessed by when it comes to screenwriting? What did you learn at USC that your, that your father didn't learn? Because I'm, I'm only getting this from the Straight Outta Compton movie was writing Friday in his house.


Like it was nothing. Just, just what, you know, what goes into just the in and out, the difference, really the difference between popcorn movies and cinema, you know, what they view as cinema. We've all seen a movie have Crazy Box Office, but don't get no Oscar recognition because there's, there's a mindset with Hollywood of popcorn films and cinema and just the difference in, in, in what that goes into. And Emini here personally, I feel like Gerard, you don't get enough credit for you being able to pull off that American accent, dude. Yeah. Like there's, there's so many actors that get this praise for their dialect and all this stuff when you've been doing it forever, man that, so I just want to give you big ups while this topic is there that you deserve so much more recognition for doing it as much as you did.


'cause it still trips me out when you start talking like How to Train Your Dragon. One word he could say right now that would make everybody be like, oh wow, I get it. I don't care what it's, do not listen to th two is out this weekend. Know I've been looking this way. The, It's positive energy this way. Okay. Jerard Butler, OSHA Jackson, we appreciate you De Thieves. Three Dinner Thieves. They are Thieves of Thieves. Three working on it. Maybe Possibility. I don't know Gerard, you tell us. This took a long time. So Yeah, this one will, well by the way, that's if everybody goes to see this movie, you know. Yeah Man. Come on. January 10th. I think we made a great movie, but I, yeah, there's something I wouldn't even say in the works.


There's, there's an idea that's brewing right now, but it's just an idea. Okay, Well we appreciate y'all for joining us. I hate that answer. Make sure you go see it this weekend. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Friday. So it's time for pass the a Dj. Dj.


What's up Myla? Hey Girl. What's up guys? Happy Friday. Big Nyla, like that Fit Plain Jacket is hard. Plain Jacket. Thank you. Kgo. You know, little hip hop. Oh, okay. But all right. I'm excited. I I'm excited. I feel like it's gonna be a really good year in music. So I'm gonna start off with this. Why do you feel that way? First of all, just real quick. Just 'cause I've been hearing a lot of like unreleased music from a lot of our favorite rappers and they really rapping. Like I don't really, yeah, Can you, can you give us some names? I heard a little bit of JD Project. Mm, amazing. I heard a little bit of Ulus project. Amazing. I heard Rupa Vincent did this project with Ninth Wonder. It's amazing. You know, conductor Williams has been going crazy with a lot of the production he's been doing lately between Leon Thomas to the Joey Badass, the Drake Freestyle, The Drake Freestyle.


I'm like, this guy's everywhere. But I like that that sound is, you know, okay becoming in. People are listening and I'm here for that. So I want y'all to listen to this new Ruben Vincent and Ben Riley. It's called Bible in the Trunk. Oh, That sound hard. Yeah, like Ruben, anything that don't sound like everything else is hard to I like that. That Sound like that. Why the Bible in the trunk though? I don't know. I think he's just saying he's staying ready. He got, Hey, you put it on the dash but it's Gonna move when he turn the corners. Put That in the truck though. Whatever works. I don't drive right now so I I don't have a dog in this fight. Now the next record is gonna be Jack Harlow tranquility. Before you play it though, I just wanted to say Jack definitely dropped Hello Ms. Johnson before he dropped his freestyle. And I really liked Hello Ms. Johnson.


But this, he's spitting and he had a really interesting line on there about hip hop credibility that I, I wanna know y'all opinion on Jack Hollow wraps his ass off and he's lying. He cares. He, he absolutely positively cares what people think about him and his hip hop credibility. Knock it off Jack. He said He don't care. Okay, well I think you suck Jack. How about that? You're lying though. Just say really Good. You Just say I'm not lying. You care. You care. I know it's something, it's not something off. It just feels like Jack is very good, very talented, makes very good music, but something hasn't been connected lately. There's a Disconnect. Something's not connecting lately. Lately. I think it's twofold. I think that the music industry isn't necessarily like prepping their next generation of stars.


Like I feel like JID should be bigger. I feel like Samino should be bigger. I feel like these are people with cult fan bases. Denzel Curry should be bigger. Yeah, Saba should be bigger. Like those are like the new class but we're still stuck on blogger class. I don't know why there's a disconnect, but that is the disconnect. So Jack being a class under that like, I don't know, we just, we just a little behind for some Reason because he just had a hit record. Record. What was the record? Was it Loving On Me? Loving on Me, loving On Me? Yeah. And it seemed like Whips. I don't like no Whip and Chain. Whips And Chain. Yeah. I don't like no damn Whips And Chain. You just ain't like that lie. Damn Was calling it Whips and Chains like that was the name of the song and it's not. But it seem like from that it just been kind of like stagnant a little bit.


Am I tripping? Umm, I Don Dunno. But he did the movie. He did What? A White Man Can't Jump a couple years ago. Man Can Jump and nobody really seen it, but I seen it on a plane and it was, that's because it wasn't bad. The movie was all right. It wasn't a bad movie. Where did it go? I seen it on the plane. It was on Hulu? Yeah, it was on Hulu. I seen it on a plane and it wasn't a bad movie. It was, it was, it was a good movie. Okay. I don't know. Let, it wasn't a great movie as if you compare it to the first one. Of course you can't compare it to the first one. Tiana Taylor is in the movie. The movie's. All right. Absolute. You Jack, I think you dope, but you suck. Now let's see if you care. Okay. Much I love Jack. I've always loved Jack. And what I like about Jack is Jack, you can tell he really just loves rap. He, he just loves. Absolutely. He said he lost mad money on his festival but he still can't wait to do another one. And I was at the very first festival.


I can't wait to go back. So shout out to Jack. And the last one, I feel like I have to do this record, but I am curious on y'all thoughts on the record. Tweaker, that's an ad lib you. I Like it. I like, I don't like nothing past the hook. I ain't gonna lie. I better remixes if certain people jump on a remix. You know, like Money Bag. Yo said he wanted to jump on it. Bootsy said he wanted jump on it. Yeah, I would like Weby mousey. You know I would love Webby. Yeah, I want a Hot Boys reunion on that record. I want to hear all the Hot Boys on that record. I'm not that, That Sounds good. He On the hook. Keep him on the hook. He gonna on Keep on The hook f his own record. Yes. I haven't even heard none of the verses Crazy. At least leave. I never heard. None of the verse I like is the hook. I don't heard none of the verses. Nobody wants to hear the verse.


It's okay. I haven't heard it. I don't know if it's good or not. No, you Go, go listen. The hook is where he need to be. Okay. Yeah. And that's a good start. Yeah, that good Start. This is your first record. You're doing amazing. I I I I'm always a fan when nostalgia, you know, comes back. 'cause that's our era. Like we came up in that era that's early two thousands, you know, down south music. So I'm, I'm all for It. Do you think he's giving like the male version of Sexy Red? No. What? No. Where do You get that from? Like Viral Sensation. You know the record? Sexy Red, just the viral takes Sexy Red. I hit records Six seven of 'em. She got hit records now but she started off as just like a viral sensation. The same way this record is. I Thought she started off with a hit record. What was that? My poo Dirty. Is this not a hit record? No she, everybody else said that.


She said my booty hold Brown. Right. But I'm not saying y'all saying that this record's not a hit record. This record is considered a hit record. Yeah, not Yet. I'm saying this Record isn't hit. You play this in a club is going up to this record right now. Pound Town was a hit Pound Town became a hit. I don Well Pound Town was the same. I think it could become a hit. I think it's on it way. I think it's, I think it's buzzing that's Hit with him with the three verses. Damn what you mean? I'm Just asking. You think it could come with, we already, we already saying put Boosty on it, put Weby on it, put all these people on It And I just would like to clarify me saying he's the male. Sexy Red is not an insult. Sexy red is massive Sexy. We didn't say it was. I know because y'all was like well no this is, we just, they both got hit records off the rip.


That's the point. They both went viral and made hit records. Well It's not a hit, it's not a hit record yet. It's buzzing. It's got hit potential. Okay. I heard, somebody told me yesterday he got signed. I don't know how true that is though. I know he performing at roll but I don't Somebody would sign him 'cause it's a record that's it's taking off and people wanna be on It. Somebody told me he signed yesterday, I'm not gonna send the label Be signed. Yes. Nice hook. Yep. And they say he got some money too. Really? That's what somebody told me yesterday so I don't, you know. Well you know how it is nowadays. Nowadays these labels wanna sign somebody and say keep doing your thing though. You act like you independent sign. Don't know this Is true. Well shout out to him G three. Shout out to him Mix you guys but You him, you don't know his name. I Say G three. Damn Sorry.


Damn you the don't even say his name. Shout to Luther Jello Ball. Angelo Ball. His shout out to him. Name is G three. Shout out to G three. She keeps saying his pronoun Shout out to him. So like I don't, you don't know his identity. You don't know what he identifi. I'm Ride A Ride A Ride. Make sure you guys follow me on the gram at Nyla Simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. If you guys like the records, tune into our playlist. Certify we update weekly. And then make sure you guys subscribe to my newsletter while you on my page because we have a very special announcement. Certified Vibes coming back in two weeks with a really dope act from the UK that I think you guys will be excited about. So, Okay, big Nyla.


Alright, thank you Nyla. That's What's up. Thank you guys. Now let's Get to the People's Choice mix. You know we throw it back on on Friday, so let me hear what you let me know what y'all want to hear is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club salute to everybody in Oxen Hill, Maryland. Is that how how you say it? Yep. Oxen Hill. Oxen Hill. I'm gonna be at the MGM National Hall but this weekend for the whole That's Jess hilarious building. She own that building. You own that building? Yeah, I Got plaques up on the walls And I sell out every, every time I Do shows well make sure, make sure I don't good money. I'm going there this Saturday. I gotta do a show there. It's the all black affair. So all the HBCUs gonna be pulling up. It's gonna be a great event lit. So just make sure I'm good in that building.


They got hotel rooms in there, all that. Yeah, they got good Hotel rooms and the security don't play. They will shoot you. Yeah, yeah. Not you but Emini here. Shoot, When be packing his own heat, you know how he get down Justin Shut. Don't act like you, you know what I'm saying? He don't act like you dunno how he get down. That's one of your stories. I have security now guys. I have security guys now. I don't know what you guys are talking About, like how you knew, you know how big Thug envy get down, but No, I have no idea what you're talking about. But this won't be that type of event. Big Red. This is gonna be a nice classy event. You not a blood, he just big red At the MG National Harbor. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. We gonna have a lot of fun. It's gonna be a a, a great event. The old black A affair.


Hey. All right. And where you at this weekend? I'm gonna be in Cobb Zone, California Palm Springs slash Ontario. Make sure my people come out. And this is the crazy thing. I'm actually surprised I had a cer like a, a increase in tickets the last, within the last two days I sold 560 tickets. Oh wow. So you know, I I don't know if this is where, if, if it's confirmed where these people are being, you know, like just and the need for laughter. You know what Emini here but you know everything that's going on in in LA which is not far from Cab Zone. I'm actually happy to go and see these people. You don't? So yeah and everything with my flight say I'm still good so I'll be there tomorrow. The show is almost filled out.


We only got like 30 tickets left. Okay. Yeah. So definitely get your last minute tickets if you need Last minute Tickets and then we gotta salute. A lot of people stopped due today. Deshaun Jackson, of course. He's the new head coach for the Delaware State University. So the Hornets Coach, the Delaware State University. Lauren LA's al alma mater. That's right. So she says, and you know they got a football team now. Yeah, I asked for a helmet but I ain't get my helmet though. You what? They been head of football team. Prove the hornets. I asked for a helmet. I ain't get, prove it. I ain't get my helmet yet because They said they only got one. I said they got one. They said they got one prop helmet that they was bringing around the interviews but they left it somewhere. He Said that he was going bring us one.


So just shut Up. All right. And also Gerard Butler and OSHA Jackson Jr. De Thieve two is out today. So make sure you definitely go check that as well. Yeah. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are all The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. You guys have a great week in Charmagne. You got a positive note? I do, man. The positive note I sl to my, my good friend Rachel Edwards. You know, Rachel always will tell me if I'm, if she hear me talking negative about myself, she'll always say, don't talk to my friend that way. So I I'm thinking about that this morning. And the positive note is you have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn't worked.


So how about try approving of yourself and just see what happens. This is for all the people out there that's just too tough on theyself that like to beat up on theyself for no reason. That's always giving themselves some negative self-talk. You've been criticizing yourself for years, it's not working. Just try approving your of yourself and see what happens. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club bitches. You don't finish or y'all Done.


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together our mission on The really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast Follow Us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.