
At public.com, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Okay, you say, I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously, when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit D app for details.


In seven days, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny, Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Next Friday, 7 36 30 Central on NBC in Peacock.


Tired of boring lunches. Picture this, you're at Chipotle ordering the same old burrito bowl. But wait. There's more excitement in store than just guac. Introducing, drop the Ultimate Rewards app. Just link your card, dine at your favorite restaurants, and you'll learn points To get free gift cards from tons of brands. It's like getting paid to eat hungry for savings. Download the Drop app now and use code Drop four four to kickstart your rewards journey with $5 in points.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's First Steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


This is a morning show from United States DJ m. Better known as The People's Choice than slu To all my light-skinned brothers out there Just hilarious. Just for The World Wide mask. Just don't do no lying In Charlemagne. The guy don't get Anything. Everybody come to The Breakfast Club. I call this the hot seat Stuff. It's like, yeah, America's front porch Don't feel like my wrist. I never caused to me. Every time I go to The, Breakfast Club. I know it's gonna be like a good morning. I'm getting up. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo. Just hilarious.


Good morning, Charmagne. The guy Peace to the Planet is Friday. Yes. What's happening? It's Friday, the weekend it here. How y'all feeling? How you feeling, Jess? Tired. What did you do? Are you just as tired? Just because you, you almost due, I'm just tired. 'cause I'm almost due. I was gonna try to make up something, but I'm tired. You're Tired. You pregnant. Okay. I said what did you do? Like you not 17 months pregnant. I Wanna make sure she didn't go out last night if she wasn't watching no TV late at night or if she didn't do something right. You know she is. Yeah. No, she is out of town this weekend. Next weekend in Raleigh. Next weekend. Next weekend. You know you playing like you.


I already told her that I ed her ass down somewhere. I don't know why is she going to hit that stage knowing she 19 months pregnant. You gonna have that baby. That Make no sense. She gonna have that baby in Carolina. No, I'm not. Y'all don't say that. Okay. Alright. Well Don't take your ass down down next week. You'll be 22 months pregnant and you going down there. What's the point? You know I'm not gonna be 22 months. Shut up. Where you at? I'm home, man. I was, I, I stayed up last night to watch the Republican National Convention. I felt like watching a West Coast basketball game last night. Why was, why was that peach on so late last night? Well, He spoke so long. He spoke for nine three minutes. And I'm with you. I was like, all right, You know. First I seen Hulk Hogan. And I'm like, okay.


Then it just kept going. Then Eric Trump spoke. Donald Trump's son spoke for like an hour. I I even, I I walked outta the room. When that, well, no. I went to go pick my daughter up when that happened. I saw Hulk Hogan though. Hu I I I thought Trump's speech was was pretty made. Hulk Hogan was pretty, Hulk Hogan was pretty good. Yeah, Hogan was good. But I mean, it's Hulk Hogan. That's true. Like, I mean, You know, like all he had to do was go out there and be a Hawk Aadc and what? Win the Huster. Ah, yeah. You gotta like, like, like You know when you come up in a certain era, If, you was born in the 19 hundreds. That little bit of nostalgia, you going to feel it regardless of whether you like them or not. You know. Yep. And, I pick up. I Body Slam the Giants. Oh yeah.


It was, it was. And All you Negroes and immigrants, you better run, man. What you gonna do? No, We gotta say you gotta run bro. 'cause he says, bro, you gotta run bro. Oh man. No. And then, and then Kid Rock performed. I turned kid Rock off. I didn't even watch Kid Rock. Dang. So it was no black performance? Nope. No. It was no black performance. No Black people on stage yesterday. You know many Men. Yeah. No, many, many men didn't happen. Many men didn't happen. I tell you what though. It felt like, it felt like the, the crowd didn't give a damn about kid Rock hug. Nah, nah, nobody did. Because they were tired too at that point. They were there for minute. They were tired too. Man. Man, man, man. And the Trump speech, huh? Trump speech.


He just long, because he's so slow when he speaks. Because he, he takes a long time to say words. Nah, I mean the first, the first probably 30, 40 minutes of it was just him spiking the football. I did enjoy him breaking down the assassination attempt though. Why? That was hilarious. Because he started it off like it was a warm and sunny. Yes. It was A beautiful day out. Beautiful Warm. The wind was one of the most beautifulest days you've ever seen. Yes. It was just so, one of the most beautifulest, warmest, happiest days you've ever seen. People were happy. People were happy. People were, they were outside. They were happy. They were the happy. They were the happiest. That was hilarious. The Wind was blowing and people were just smiling. 'cause they just happy to be there in Pennsylvania.


After that. He, after that he lost me. I just, I don't know what, I don't know what the hell he was talking about. Oh Man. All right. Well Rap Man will be joining us this morning, Man. If. you have seen the new show on Netflix called Super Cell. I binge watched it on vacation. I thought it was fantastic. Ratman is the creator of that show and he'll be here to talk to us about it this morning. Yes. And also Angela Simmons will be joining us. Angela Cakes, her company is partnering with Slut Vegan. So they're gonna release a plant-based fried Oreo. So Angela Simmons is gonna be joining us this morning as well. That's right. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news Morgan, what'll be joining us? It's The Breakfast.


Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning y'all. Happy Friday. So did y'all watch the address last night? Trump addressed the RNC. So he formally accepted the Republican nomination for president at the RNC in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was the final day of the convention. And the first time he spoke publicly since the assassination attempt on his life on Saturday at a rally in Butler, Pennsylvania. Now Trump took to the stage and addressed the crowd in a notice noticeably softer tone. His aide said he rewrote his speech following the assassination attempt. And of course his theme was Make America Great again.


Now Trump slammed President Biden and the current administration calling them a failure. Let's hear more for more from President Trump at the RNC. I am running to be president for all of America, not half of America, because there is no victory in winning for half of America. The current administration. We are indeed a nation in decline. What this administration, the damage that this administration has done, And I say it often. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of the United States. Think of it, the 10 worst added them up.


They will not have done the damage that Biden has done. Yeah. So Trump pushed back against Democrats claiming he was a threat to democracy. Saying, I'm the only one saving democracy. Now Trump laid out what the campaign says is his plan for a new golden age for America. He promised to bring down inflation and in what he called the illegal immigration crisis by closing the border. He also reiterated his claim that there, that the wars in Ukraine and Gaza would have never happened under his watch. He spoke about inflation saying high taxes are fueling the infa inflation crisis, along with what he calls the new green scam, saying he will end electric vehicle mandates and promised his policies will help the American auto worker and strengthen the military.


Again, he's plans to close the border and catch and release policy and finish the bor building the border wall. He also added that he will reignite drilling in the US and make the country less energy dependent. Let's hear more about Trump Drill, baby drill. We must get economic relief to our citizens. Starting on day one. We will drive down prices and make America affordable again. We have to make it affordable. It's not affordable. And, I. Think everybody as a Republican, as a patriot in this room, and most Democrats, we want people to come into our country, but they have to come into our country. Legally. I will end every single international crisis that the current administration has created, including the horrible war with Russia and Ukraine, which would've never happened if I was president.


I I actually believe him when he says that though. I mean just because of how buddy buddy he is with Putin. You know Putin and You know the President of China and the President of North Korea. There's a part, there's, there's a part of me that believes that. But then there's also a part of me that feels like You know. He would have, he would let countries like Russia have their way. You know, Speaking of You know tough stuff. You know. He also talked about the assassination attempt on his life saying that he was only gonna tell hilarious. He was only gonna tell the story once because it's too painful. Let's hear more on his account of what happened on Saturday. There was blood pouring everywhere. And yet in a certain way I felt very safe because I had God on my side.


When I heard a loud whizzing sound and felt something hit me really, really hard on my right ear, I said to myself, wow, what was that? It can only be a bullet. And moved my right hand to my ear, brought it down. My hand was covered with blood. Just absolutely blood all over the place. Did You know that the, that the ear bleeds more than any part of your body? Yeah. That's what, that's that's What doc, that's what doctors told Trump. That's what Trump told America last night. That the ear bleeds more than any part of your body.


More than your organs. More than your head. Yep. The ear. That's what he said. Did y'all Know that? That's what he said. That's what he said. And he also, he went on to say that You know he, he's just a special case in that regard. That he was able to survive something like that. He went on to honor the victim of the shooting, Cory Compi. And did say that he spoke to Helen Compe, tour's wife. So He actually kissed the outfit, kissed the outfit that was on stage. 'cause they had a, a outfit, I guess the firefighter's actual jacket. Uniform M hat and uniform. Uniform, yeah. So he actually kissed the uniform when he was on stage. Yeah. He Said that the ear, like he could have died from that. He said that the ear bleeds more than any part of your body.


That's what he said last night. Doctors told him that And that he lost so much blood. But You know, again, he's, he's an XFactor. I I I thought Trump's ten first 10 to 15 minutes when he was breaking down the assassination speech was hilarious. I thought it was, he was extremely Dramatic. Very Dramatic. It was so dramatic. I mean, by the way No, no. I mean it was a attempted You know assassination Right. On his life. So yes. That would be a traumatic experience. No, I meant Traumatic the way he described it. The drama. Yeah. It was, he he he, he did, he hammed it up. It was a warm and beautiful sunny day. The wind blowing from the north. Everybody happy Was so happy. We were so, we were so happily, happily happy to be there.


That's Right. Yeah. But even still, like you said, it was still an assassination attempt. So don't wanna on that. Yeah. So we'll talk more. Oh wait a minute. Wait a minute. So, holy Phil could have died when Mike Tyson, His girl. Good up. Yo Yo, shut up. Alright. Yes, yes. That's front page news. Yes, yes, yes, yes. The rest of his speech was very mad, though I wasn't impressed. Like I've seen, I've tr I've seen Trump be way more entertaining than that. I've also seen him be more captivated than that. I wasn't impressed by the rest of the speech. Hulk Hulk Colgan was still Yeah. Maybe a near, near death experience will do that to you though. Sorry. No, we not gonna do that either now. 'cause 'cause one thing I say, I said this to myself last night.


I was like, damn, I want everybody to give each other the grace the media gives Donald Trump. 'cause in one week it's like the media has forgotten who Donald Trump is and all of the things that he said. Okay. Yes. I I I know he said he's not a threat to democracy. But there's a long list that you can pull up on chat. GPT If. you want to, that says otherwise that's true. And I don't understand why the media You know, doesn't reinforce that. Yeah. He can get on stage and say those things, but you still gotta remind people of, of, of, of of, of how his actions set. Otherwise. Well, we'll talk about it in next hour. Morgan, we'll see you in a little bit. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


If. you need to vent. Hit us up right now. And I, just wanna tell you guys, there was a huge Microsoft outage, which is affecting all banks and airlines. So If, you have a flight out today, no matter where you're from, give your airline a call because they're saying because of this Microsoft outage, they have grounded a lot of planes. There's a lot of delays. I saw that. So give yourself a little extra time and make sure you call your airline to see if your flight is actually taking off before you leave the crib this morning. Right. Hey, I give you one word, China 805 85. That's China Oh five. Okay. It's the breakfast Stupidest The. Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello. Who's this East? Yo Envy. What's the word, bro? You feeling this? Mellow. Mellow. What's up, mellow? Long time no speak. How you feeling For A fact? Life is amazing. It is what it should be. How you feeling Uncle Char? Peace. Mellow. What's up king? Morning Everybody. It's Steve is amazing. How? That's hilarious. I'm trying to marry it. How you doing? Hi. Good morning. What's up Man? I just wanna say first and foremost, let's say happy birthday to my God. Trav. You feel me? It was his birthday yesterday. Just show some express some love.


Happy born day. All God Trav, man. We didn't, yeah, we didn't wish Trav a happy born day yesterday 'cause Taylor didn't remind us. But happy born day Trav. Yeah. Happy birthday Trav. Yeah. Happy Birthday. Nah, that's a fact. First off, y'all all need donkey today for that because No, he been calling here for too long for that. No, you right. Taylor did come in there and remind us, but she didn't come back to tell us. Oh, I didn't know. Oh nah, I get it. It's all good. I I I'm not even gonna hold you. I forgot to, I just went on the Bri but I'm not even gonna hold you. I ain't even got nothing funny to really say. I'm gonna just come up with a joke on the vert. Jeff. You can use it If. you want what, what type of car y'all think Jesus drives? What type of car Jesus Drive? Mm. Yeah.


I don't know. I don't know Chrysler. Why? Okay. I like that. I like That. I'm sorry. I gotta hang up on you. I like that. Sorry. I like that. That's a good dad joke. I'm gonna use that later. I heard a good one yesterday too. What was it? I heard a good dad joke yesterday too. About 50 cent. Man, I put it in my phone 'cause You know I'm old so I couldn't remember. So Say it. Yeah. Oh, it was, what was the joke? See, I forgot. What was the deal? My Watch is not good. Envy. Oh, it said I saw 50 cent making a sweater. Envy Charlem. Have y'all Frolicked You Nick Metro. Hey, what's up brother?


8 0 3. What's happening? Get it off your Chest. What's That man? What's good? So I'm thinking like, obviously there's the rumors of Joe Biden having to step down. And I think he should. If he does, I think obviously you put Kamala Harris where she's at and you met Gretchen Whit murder vp. What you think about that, Charlemagne? Nah, that ain't gonna work. America ain't voting for a a all woman ticket. You gotta go find the whitest white man. You can find, you gotta go find somebody in the Democratic Party that's MAGA White. Now I would like to see Kamala Harris and Josh Shapiro, but I don't think America's ready for that either. 'cause You know Josh Shapiro is Jewish, but I think that is the most silent ticket. But they gotta go find somebody like, like white.


White. They gotta go find a white. White Is White. White. Like you say white. White. What is bad? No. Like they gotta find somebody that's almost capital riot White in the Democratic party, man. All right. Well the Put with Kamala, I heard some names though. I, I don't, I I, I saw a guy yesterday. What's his name? Mark Kelly. He's an astronaut from Arizona. And another guy that's been floating around, I saw his name was Andy Bahe from Kentucky. Okay. They gonna have to put her, if they, if Kamala's at the top of the ticket, they're gonna have to put her with a white guy. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Wake up.


Wake up. Wake your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you mad or blessed, we want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? This is Pink. Shout out dj. We charlemagne the God Just hilarious. I love y'all, man. Listen to y'all every morning when I come to work. Six o'clock. Hey, happy birthday Charlemagne. I'm a thank my birthday with July the third. Real quick, shout out to all the head custodians out there. I'm a head custodian man. We don't, we don't get that much appreciation in the building. You are absolutely right. The teachers, but crap You know most I even look past us and everything when we clean up after dinner, besides, not me, we clean up after the kids.


We gotta clean up after the teachers too. You know And, I'm saying. And then I heard Y Guy, y'all got a rap man on this morning. Yes, sir. Super Cell Super. That, that, that series, that show. I just watched it this week, man. It's amazing. Amazing. It is amazing. Fantastic show. And and anybody out there who's dealing with Sickle Cell or has family members that's dealing with Sickle Cell? Yeah, You know. Y'all should, y'all should watch Super Cell. Super Cell is an is is an amazing show, man. Love it. Absolutely. Yeah. Rap Man's gonna be joining us next hour. And like you said, he's the creator of Super Cell on Netflix. So, and Salute to all the custodians out there, man. Most important people in the buildings. Absolutely. Now online for we have Michelle. She's a stud Charlamagne and she wants you to relax on all the studs.


See? Exactly. Yes, Michelle. Good morning. Morning, morning. dj. Too loud. See studs always too loud. See, that's the, That's the problem, Charlemagne. I get up at four in the morning because I'm a hard worker. You got cut it man. And you toxic too. Why you so loud this morning? You to black people? Hey, Hey. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on right quick. That's hilarious. Good morning. Beautiful. Good morning, babe. Good morning. You see what I'm saying? That's Do. Thank you so much. That's what you missing. You respect me? No Studds, move all the guys out the way and start flirting with any lady that's around. Don't care if it's your girl, your Sister. Show, show the women what they need to be, be appreciate about And, I.


Cater to. Wow. See that's what you listen, that's what you missing. That's right. She probably got her If. you probably got your dildo in the microwave right now. Warming it up for later. No. What Char? I'm, I'm, I'm a loyal. I've been with my woman for 20 years now, baby. Oh, okay. Congratulations. Right? Yeah. It's some loyals out got calling all theses toxic man. Some of some of us out here actually want families and wanna, wanna build lives. You know, not be out here. Girl broke A stud, broke with Charlamagne's heart and he's trying not to You. It sounds like it. And I'm here to tell you Charlamagne, I'm here to, I'm here to tell you that you all love, sir. Don't worry about it. It's gonna be another out here that's gonna sweep you off your feet and take care of you like you need.


Be taken care of, sir. Thank you. Don't I love studs. Don't Ft don't frat because we out here. But baby, we out here. But be honest, You know that Y You know that it is a lot of y'all. That's toxic. Hey, It's, it's a lot of young ones. I wanna say that. And anybody, any of the studs under 25 are toxic as hell. I'm gonna tell you that. Damn. They like the little young dudes. So Yeah. All right. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna remember that. That's crazy. Little young, 25-year-old studs with the poy mask in the, and the dildos. They got the, they got all types of flavors of dildos. That sounds scary. All right. Oh, POY mask on in a dildo. A big Liz. But she's not lying though.


Yo, them, them young studs. They, that's why I'm so scared for my little sister to be gay sheep's funny. And she be on the studs. Yo, them studs. They, the ones that be 20, 22, 23, 24. I be like, Please, No, They, they come, they, they show up with the


push In seven days. The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities. And on an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton Manning, Kelly Clarkson and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Next Friday, 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away. Because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank. Not investment advice.


You are probably careful with your personal information. But what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number. The power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. With plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news. To save up to 40% terms apply.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nix are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent. Perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try Nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nicks. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com


TRA math. They got the vibrating dildos, the anal dildos, the scrap on dildos. The double ended dildos. They just different. I just heard like Jason Yo Charlemagne knows more about studs than we think you Do. I know, right? And apparently DDoS too You, know what I'm saying? A lot Going on. $2 studs out there though. Jesus. All right, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. You can hit this up now. We got, just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? First of All, Ozzie Osborn Osborne played with Brittany for Brittany. Clap back. Brittany Spiz. So we going to figure that out in a minute. Alright, we'll get to that next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The.


Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with The Mess News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Do don't nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She the coaches who she was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. So Ozzy Osborne and his family, they have a podcast, right? And so they was doing an episode of it, it's called the Osborne Family Podcast.


And they were reading through some comments that fans was leaving them. And one of the comments was like, do y'all ever see your daughter Kelly doing dances on TikTok? And Kelly said, no. Why would anybody ever expect for for me to be dancing on there? Right? So somehow Britney Spears had came up and Zy Osborne said this about her dancing. Well the seen Pearl Britney Spears on on YouTube dancing every day. Safe Britney. I know, I feel so sorry. It's You know it's sad. Poor little fan. Very, very sad. Yeah, very sad indeed. It's, it's heartbreaking. It is. I don't know how it's heartbreaking to see somebody dance, but I know he sound like just like Keith Robinson.


But Brittany Spear shared a post to her Instagram addressing the criticism towards her and, and people in general. And she said, every single day on my ig, number one, I hardly ever dance. Hmm. Number two, I'm not poor at all. I have more ligature in my left to than any grown man or woman on Earth. If, you don't believe me. How long do you think I should keep going for? In my transparent opinion, wealth and health isn't relied solely on cash in your bank account. Which I have lots of that too. It relies on my quest and my own effing interest in how I demonstrate and serve back these wise a-holes. Just as Kate did. I taught dance class last week.


The post was pretty long. That's why I just stopped it. But the biggest highlight is when she directly addressed the Osborne family, she said, I'm gonna do a photo shoot with Kate and tell the Osborne family who is the most boring family known to mankind to kindly F off. So You know white people get to beef and You know. Not really that interesting. But I, I'm tired of people talking about Britney dancing too. She doing something that she like all right, maybe her underwear don't ever come all the way up. That's true. But But she happy. She seemed like she happy when she does it right. Yeah. But also too, Brittany's been around long enough to know, 'cause she's an artist. When you put stuff out there, people are gonna have a critique about it. So If, you gonna get online and publicly dance You know.


People can say it looks sad or You know. They think she's terrible at dancing. They gonna have critiques. Well They, well they've been, well you can always unfollow somebody like Ozzy has going, come on. Because for real, like you don't have to watch her dance. And people have said this for years and years and years and it's the first time she ever a clap back. She never said anything about it. And You know that's PLAs girl. So he should be coming singing too. But No, he, 'cause he, he be getting mad when people be in the comments playing with her, ripping her to pieces, talking about, oh it's mental health and all that. She just doing, I think she just doing what she like to do. White pe some, a lot of white people are kind of awkward like that.


Maybe that's like, she looks happy. She said she. What do you mean when you say white people are awkward? Like they can't dance? Is that what you're saying? Yeah. You know I think Brittany, I think, I think Brittany has proven throughout the years that she can dance when she has the right choreography. You don't remember I'm a Slave video. What? And why Are you talking like that? You don't remember that video? The I Am a Slave. Yeah, I'm a slave. I'm a slave for Didn't Pharrell produced that? Yeah, he did. I guess. But she could never come out with that song today. It could never you. Right, right. Think about that. Can you imagine if a white, can you imagine if a white woman came out with that song in 2024? Oh my god. Twitter would lose their mind.


I'm surprised they ain't pull that video up to cancel it now. Yeah, please. Yeah. Well you giving people ideas, yo chill. Just leave Her alone. Don't nobody care. Cancel coaches being canceled. Nobody cares. Right. And more white news rain disk calls out Courtney Kardashian and Travis Barker. So that is Scott Disk and Courtney Kardash, Kardashian's 9-year-old son on Wednesday, the episode of the Kardashians Courtney and her son Rain, they had an, he had an issue with her kissing her husband Travis Ball because he was on their way to like a, a trip to Australia. And when they got there, You know, 'cause he, Travis is touring with Blink 180 2.


He back on tour. That's actually one of my favorite bands growing up. Like, I ain't gonna hold you. I was a Blink 180 2 for real. But anyway, yeah. So the little boy had a problem with them kissing and showing affection and all that. And this is what he said to his mother, Stop making do with Travis. Don't like, didn't you just have a baby? Don't get another one this quick. I think it's a beautiful thing to see parents, especially ones that just had a new baby You know, be affectionate and loving. There's nothing wrong with that. Are you giving her a hickey now? No. It's a gentle kiss on my neck. Right.


I just missed him. No, we gotta play it over here. We on air, right? Yes, we on air. So why, why can I hear you whispering the red top? You can't turn her mic up. You can't turn her mic up then. I Didn't hear the audio. We ain't hear the audio. But you thought you said that off. Stop. Make do with Travis. Don't like, didn't you just have a baby? Don't get another one this quick. I think it's a beautiful thing to see parents, especially ones that just had a new baby You know, be affectionate and loving. There's nothing wrong with that. Are you Giving her a hickey now? No. It's a gentle kiss on my neck.


I got a couple of those. You can't say that, but yeah, there's a bunch of those out there. Slap all the fire outta Ashton. Excuse me, ain't you nine that like, don't ever play with me like that. Why little kids be liking to do that? Little kids be the biggest player haters yo. Like, get outta here because That's not his daddy. That's Yeah. Yeah, that's, I was ready to say. And that's Scott's son and yo rainbow hat know his mother for a long time. Like he, he always got something s smart to say to her. And, But, but biological kids act like that too. Like my, they do my my two youngest, they see you hugging. They mom kissing they mom or mom hugging you. They be like, get off my daddy. Get off my mommy.


Pushing us apart. Getting in between, in between. Yep. That's different. But not, didn't y'all just have a baby? God damn chill. Y'all want another one? Excuse me? He, he got a point. Oh, she got a point. Point. Okay. No, no. Rain is a boy. But no, don't ever talk to me like that. Like, oh, Rain is a boy. Okay, that young man got a little point. Are You giving her a hickey? Ew. Like, come on, chill out. My kids, my kids do that too. If I, if I'm kissing my wife, they be like, yeah all the time. Jumping between us all the time. He kind of got a point. I'm not mad at the little young man. It's the difference between the black kids doing it and the white kids doing it. They, they, you gotta know how to say it in the black house.


'cause I wish Ashton would ever, are you giving him a hickey? Excuse me. Oh, okay. But anyway, that's all the stories I got for right now. But that's just what the mess was the first hour. Alright, thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then rap man will be joining us. He, of course, he's the creator of Super Cell on Netflix, so don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast, Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. Yeah. So we have breaking news that could impact Millions. Microsoft is reporting widespread outages this morning at airlines, airports, banks and media companies.


Hope that doesn't affect us. American Airlines, United and Delta are asking the FAA for a global ground stop on all flights according to an alert from the FAA computer outages have been reported in many countries across the globe, including the airport in Berlin, Germany, and the London Stock Exchange, Google Cloud and Gatwick Airport in London. Now the issue is reportedly tied to a cybersecurity firm named CrowdStrike. And they say a defect in a content update for Windows is behind the IT outage that is affecting millions. And they did confirm that the outage is not a cyber attack. So this is a developing story and I'll keep you guys posted on that. China, China, China, China, China, China, China.


I'm, I'm telling you right now, the Republicans been talking spicy about China all week and China decided to tap our jaw. This is a little bit of cyber warfare. I'm just, it's just a little bit just to let them know. You need to simmer that down. Okay. Y'all talking spicy all week. Watch this. Fake News. Okay. No fake news here. Okay. Other news on the other side of the aisle, Democrats of report says that Barack Obama is telling his allies, president Biden needs to possibly step down. The Washington Post says that former President Obama has told associates Biden's path to victory is significantly shrunk and serious. And he needs to seriously consider the viability of his candidacy. The post ads that have, Obama has been working behind the scenes, taking calls from Democrats who feel anxious about Biden's political future, including one with former house speaker Nancy Pelosi, who is said to be one of Biden's closest allies.


Now, the post reports that Pelosi has been talking with Biden's inner circle about low poll numbers and the New York Times also reported that Biden has begun to accept the idea that he may not be able to win the election in November and may have to drop out of the race. That's the only question that I've been asking for the past year and some change is Biden, the Biden Harris ticket a a winnable ticket. And if President Obama is saying that he doesn't believe it is, if Nancy Pelosi is saying she doesn't believe it is, if Chuck Summa is saying he doesn't believe it is, then we should believe them. Yeah. Because we clearly don't believe our own eyes and ears. We haven't believed our own eyes and ears over the last year and a half. So I'm going to believe them. And if Biden drops out, I think it will simply give the party something it doesn't have right now.


And that's energy. But he has to, He has to drop out. I mean, but you think about it like this, the people that a word behind him show that we're not United show that we lack trust in him so he can, it's it's fa it is better that he does it ASAP now because now it's to the point where his own people ain't trusting in him. I don't even think it's a lack of trust people have. Yeah, it's, I don't even, I don't even know if it's a lack of trust that people have, people have a lack of trust that he can win. That's what it is. I don't think anybody has a problem with the job him that he's doing. Yeah. It's, it's the fact that can he win? They don't think he can win. Well, switching gears a little bit. In NFL Hall of Famer Terrell Davis, he's demanding accountability after being removed from a United Airlines flight in handcuffs in front of his family.


Last week, according to Davis six FBI and law enforcement officials boarded a plane for what the FBI said was a report of a violent assault. The Denver Broncos legend was traveling from Denver to California with his wife and children and he says he was, he simply tapped the flight attendant on the shoulder after a man failed to acknowledge his son asking for a cup of ice. Davis and his wife talked about the incident. Let's hear more from them. They Come right towards me. And at that point my mind is like, what the heck is going on? I'm in shock that this guy is actually putting handcuffs on me. I was powerless. I couldn't do anything. I would wanna know why. Why would you want to ruin a man's life like that?


And I didn't want him to, to answer those questions in front of my children. Like look them in the eyes and tell them why they tried to harm, destroy their dad. Unfortunately, because of the beautiful color of your skin, your experiences in this world are going to be different. And unfortunately at 13, 11 and nine you've had an experience That's Terrell's wife Tamika. She said it was the worst experience of her life and now they're left trying to help their kids process what happened to their dad. Now a lawyer for Davis says United Airlines has apologized for the incident, but it's not enough. The United has apologized to the athlete athlete and said it removed the flight attendant from duty while they closely review this matter.


Of course, Davis is black and he feels like race played a part in this role. And he says he was humiliated by the incident. I'm sorry, him and his family had to go through that man. Let's say his name, Eric Garner. He's being remembered on the 10th anniversary of his choke hold death at the hands of A-N-Y-P-D cop. Garner's mother Gwen Carr led a march on Wednesday in Staten Island in honor of her son. She was joined by Garner's daughter and cousin in marching to the site where her son was killed. As police were trying to arrest him for selling loosies some cigarettes. Now, former officer Dan Daniel Panal was fired but he was not charged after authority. Said he used a band choke, hold on, garner a video of garner's final moments claiming he couldn't breathe.


Went viral and tri and triggered widespread outrage and calls for accountability within the NYPD and of course with police across the nation. So this is one of those things we gotta say continue to say his name Eric As RIP to Eric Garner. Sending, sending his family positive energy, love and light. Always rest in peace to his daughter You. know Eric Garner. Just, just salute to the whole family man. Sending the whole family healing energy. Always 10 years, well 10 years go by like that. Sure Did. All right. Sure. God. And look where we are now. We've grown so much, right? That's Right. No, That's your front page news. Thank you Morgan. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, continue to follow the Black Information Network at Black Information Network and BIN news.com.


Happy Friday y'all. Alright, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, thank you Morgan. Rap Man will be joining us. He's the creator of Super Cell, the series on Netflix and we're gonna talk to him next. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, right. You Got rap man. Welcome. Yeah, You appreciate that. My big up man. Thank you for Having man Rap. Rap Man is the the creator and director of a Netflix show that had me in a choke hold during vacation called Super Cell from July 8th to July 14th. He was the number one.


No, you were the most watched show on Netflix. That's right. You's been two weeks at number one. Two weeks. Not number one. Yeah. 7.1 million views. How'd that feel? My brother? Hey. Nah, that felt, it felt humbling man. But it felt good. I ain't gonna lie. I put a big smile on my face. You know. Let's Start from the beginning brother. Who is Rap man? Where did Rap Man come from? 'cause you started off as a rapper. Let's, let's go through the career for people that don't know who Rap Man is. Alright, Well I was just a, just like every other guy, south London trying to rap, but them days, our UK rap scene was, it weren't where it is now. So we're trying to sound like big, we're trying to sound like J and Pax. So we're rapping with an accent them days. And there was another form of music called Garage and Grime. But I love rap so much. I was always rapping with the American accent.


So I got the nickname Rap Man from a Young Age. So my thing is though, I was the type of person that would love Gimme the loot on the album, expect to see the music video to that. But that the video never come out. I would listen to Jay's album Inspector Here, see the video for a week ago and it would never come out. And I was like, why they never do the music video to the story songs. Songs You used to Everything. No, but I like the story Story You Know that was my thing. But they They got story to tell. Yeah, they never the visuals. So I said, when I start rapping, I'm gonna do the visuals to then make them like short films. So when I started doing music, I started doing these short films. They were like musically narrated short videos, man. I was doing it for years, for fun for people in my neighborhood. And they just started growing and growing and growing into done One cool sha story that went viral all through the uk landed in my buddy James Samuel's hands, who would then pull it in.


Jay-Z's Hands and t Ty's Hands. And then next thing You know, I'm meeting Jay-Z tt, they signed me to Rock Nation and they said, what do you wanna do now that you're with us? I said, Sounds you Aroc Nation as a, as a rapper at the time. Nah, nah, Director. Nah, nah, they saw, they saw the vision as a filmmaker. Got you. So I'm, I'm with them as a filmmaker. So, and they just said, what do you wanna do? So I've got a TV show, man, I got an idea for a TV show that they're like, cool Pitch. It wasn't Super Cell, it was another show. So they took me out to LA and they pitched, I pitched it everywhere. Every studio you can think of, fx, Hulu, Amazon, no one wanted it, but Netflix said, yeah, we love it, but because it's set in the uk you gotta go back to the UK and pitch it down there. So I went back to the UK pitched the show, she didn't want it, but she said, she's a big fan, let's keep in touch.


That's like, that didn't mean that to me. I felt okay. I felt it didn't work. So anyway, I, I moved on with my life. And I wrote a movie called Blue Story. Done really well in the, in the uk but, but before it came out there was a big marketing campaign campaign on it. So Netflix said, look, we wanna take you out. I'm like, here, I'm gonna rinse this. So I picked the most expensive restaurant I could find And. I went there. And I was just eating that free food man. And about were in between the food. They told me it was a general, so I'm just there eating. But they kept on asking me questions like, what do you wanna do next? I was like, I don't know, I wanna see what the film does, but have you got any ideas for a show? I said, I got one idea. And who was this with? Netflix or Rock Nation? This is Netflix at this point. Okay, okay, okay. So I gave them some idea and they, oh, that's all right. They said, you got anything else? I was like, right. This is one of do's meetings. I thought I just came to eat a food and a ketchup up.


So with the food in mouth, still in my mouth said, look, I've got this idea about people from my part of London, south London and they get powers. It ain't like you are capes spandex. These are, these people are going from real things. And they went quiet. And I looked up, it looked like Kaching. It's like there there was dollar signs in her eyes. So I said, okay, so you doesn't like that one? And they just wanted me to develop it from there. And then fast forward four years, I don't believe that you're not gonna, you don't believe, you're not gonna make me believe that you sat down with somebody and told them you wanted to make an all black show with people with sickle cell superpowers and it's science fiction, bro. And they got it. I don't think anyone else would've made it. It, I don't think it did. It might have helped that the head of UK Netflix does look like me and you.


Okay, okay. That might be, that might have helped. But I think it was the such of the point that the UK's never had anything like it. So it was just like it could really go left or this could really work. And I think she was ready to take that chance Mark. Now I don't want to give too much away from Super Cell, but I do got a lot of questions. 'cause I really did enjoy the show You know You know what was so crazy. My wife turned it on and like I, we was on vacation, so I'm laying in bed, my wife goes, oh look at Cuffy. And so I opened my eyes, big out Cuff And, I go, oh, that's Cuffy. I said, cup's on your show. So that's what, that's what really made me start watching. Okay, that's dope. That's good. De after we got copy and that, that's nice. Yeah, she, she reached out years ago and just said she wants to work with me. And I said, obviously she's not an actress, but I said I might have something for you.


And she was, she came off the plane from where she was at the country just to do that scene. Mean You know. It's so funny. I text her, right And, I go, yo, I said, we sitting there, we on vacation, we watching this show, I just saw you on it. And she text back and she was like, oh, that's love. She was like, man, rap Man is amazing. And I'm like, that's not the name of the show. Like name the show. Super You know. And so when the show's over, then it goes Rap man. I'm like, oh, okay. You made the show. But where did the concept of Super Cell come from? Because I read in The Hollywood Reporter, the death of George Floyd was


In seven days. The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Next Friday, 7 36 30 central on NBC and Peacock


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums, just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to highrise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear, that's KNI x.com.


Summer brings lots of outdoor time and offers more chances to bike and walk. But high temperatures can also bake exhaust from vehicles to produce air pollution that is dangerous to breathe, especially for those with asthma and other lung conditions. Older people and children are also at higher risk even healthy folks who work or exercise outside, you all can help though. First, check the daily air quality forecast and let your family and friends know when poor air quality is expected. Then plan to take actions like using transit or carpooling instead of driving alone when you must drive. Link your trips and don't let your car idle. Keep your tires inflated, your trunk empty, and don't fill up your tank during the hottest hours of the day. You even get an excuse to postpone mowing your lawn on air Quality Alert Days. If. you have a gas powered mower. Check the forecast, sign up for alert and find more tips at www.airqualitypartnership.org. A program of the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission.


An inspiration. Yeah, So it was 2020 when the pandemic just kicked in and George Floyd got murdered. Obviously as You know, and obviously I You know how it felt over here obviously, but that use up weren't alone in that feeling in the UK and probably the rest of The World. We just felt like it's just one step too far now it's just too much. And a lot of people, like artists and players were going into Central London to protest. People protest And I was like, is this the best way I can use what my platform to make this to uplift black people? Because it was just a sad time in London at that time. Like And I didn't know how long TV takes. I figured You know what if I write this TV show? Nah, it could probably be out by the end of the year. And You know blacks will feel like we we're superpowers. So that's when I started writing it.


So I started writing it, started writing it for At Motivated by George Floyd. And then I wanted a superpower that came from something real. And Sickle Cell to me was always something can never understood that. What? Like why is there a disease that genuinely puts dark skin tones in a weak position of weakness? It never, I never understood that. Mm. I said, nah man. Like I need to spin this on it head. Because another thing, you walk into a room with 10 people and If, you ask them about sickle cell. If more than three people put their hand up, you're in a great room because most people don't know nothing about it. And that's even our own community. They pretend like they do, but a lot of people don't know nothing about it. I said, how can I make this a thing of power? How can I raise awareness? And it's, I just think You know what If there's something that can make us weak, it must be something that can make us strong.


And if as a parent, if I was having to live with Sickle Cell, that would make me weak and tired and hurt and pain. But it would make my kid extraordinary. I'll take that though. Why? Why Sickle Cell in particular though? Like What I knew, I knew one girl and every time that she wouldn't come into college, And I was like, why you never turning up? Why you never turning up? She's like, oh, I got sickle cell. And she was all, every two weeks she'll be in hospital and she showed me like her whole bag of her blood transfusion. This was like a massive, massive, you said you're taking this amount of blood every two weeks. And it was crazy to me. And I ended up going down the rabbit hole about it, trying to figure out where it came from. And there's no real answers, but it was the, the only fact is it predominantly affects darker skin.


I was like, nah, if someone ain't gonna gimme answers, we're gonna have to get people talking, man. So it always stuck in the back of their my head. So as soon as I've got the opportunity, I just opened the door on it, man. Well, you crazy. You a hip hop head. So it's like You know all of us first, well I'm not gonna say first heard of Sickle Cell, but Prodigy and Kimba from Clc. I was say Prodigy was the first one that made me look, that made me look into it was when I heard Prodigy Had it. First time I ever heard it was when Pac said, Hey, one of y'all got Sickle Cell. That was Sickle Cell. Like, and that's the first time I ever heard the word. And then I, I started realizing that Tbu had it All right, we got more with Rap Man when we come back is to creator of Super Cell. That's the series on Netflix. We gonna talk to him some more when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Rap Man, the creator of Super Cell, the series on Netflix. And I was watching you on the winners talking podcast, And I Think our winner talk. And you was talking about how sometimes, especially when they do films in London, it doesn't translate to the US and you really wanted something to translate to the us Why was that so important to you? It's the biggest playing field. Like it's, it's, I love the uk. I'm not super Proprie London now, but You know you. You're not really, you can't really fly If. you are only doing it in the smallest stage. You know and Us is the biggest stage You know. So I'm thinking if I can get it to connect outside of the UK and the US I can keep on telling stories. You know and And I didn't water it down so the slangs harsh.


I didn't, I didn't try to make it feasible for your ears. I kind of wanted use that to learn the language that when I used to watch the Wire Exactly. I learned their language. Exactly. So I didn't wanna worry that even though I think Netflix was thinking like they're gonna get as like, I hope So. That's why I was worried because it wasn't, I didn't even try to make it appealing to the states. Like I could have given all the gang members guns all the time. Like how it, I was like, it's not really like that. Let me just do it exactly how it is. I hope that they learned. So yeah man, I feel like I wanna fly in the, I wanna swim in the biggest pun in it. So that's what, That's what I love about it, right? Because You know I wanna know your world. I know the street world over here. The same reason I like Top Boy. Yeah. I, I wanted to ask you You know about something like Top Boy, it was a great show but it didn't really get success until later.


So why do you Netflix up? You think Super Cell popped off so fast? I think Top Boy done Well. I think it's the reason. I think it was just, I think it's because of Top Boy Super Cell done well. Mm. I think by the time you've seen Top Boy, you understand our, our language a bit more. Our dialect and You know, you see our artists coming through artists like Central Sea. I think the culture from the UK is starting to seep in a bit more. It's starting to blend in. So the time Super Cell comes out, you're used to the voice a bit more. The accent. And I think it was just timing in mind. You know, I believe everything's timing in Laugh. And I feel like this was the perfect time. Nah, I I I definitely, I love the concept. So you basically came up with the concept eating. So it wasn't something that you pre-thought this was like you just eating, I'm just gonna throw on the walls. He Was no, nah, nah, you weren't that it weren't that deep. Before, before that conversation with Netflix, I was doing promotion for my, for my movie and one of the cast members asked me on camera, what are you gonna do next?


Oh you just gonna keep on doing the hood stuff? I said, yeah, maybe, but I wanna flip on his head and do it about people with powers. And that's the first time I ever spoke it. But I had no concept of where it would be. So it stuck in my head. So when Netflix asked me like a month later, it was just still there. And I just gave to them what I said to them and they, they actually could make it. Someone asking me, who's your friends? Like user asking me, nah, that's dope. But someone who actually does that for the living Chris Press presses the green button on TV show asked me. I was probably a bit more eloquent with how I was delivering it and it just sold. Man, The dope thing about it is the investment that they put, right? Because it's not like a, a movie that that okay, you just film in London and go you got special effects. Yeah, you got people doing their own stunts and you got green it it is, it is.


Talk about some of some of that. 'cause I've seen some of that behind the scenes footage of all the stuff that it took to make the movie and to make the flick series. Yeah, You know what And for London, that was a big budget show. Like it's not, don't get to it ain't no Game of Thrones budget, but for the UK they don't normally put that type of money in show, especially when the cast looks like that. So that's what I gotta do Especially is a black Cast. Exactly what I mean. That's what I'm saying. So I think I remember saying to them, if I'm gonna do this, you have to let me do it right. Let me just swing as high as I can with this as hard as I can and let me just try with it. Don't give me the half budget and it give me enough, I can at least do it. And I think she, when she made the decision to do it, she just agreed. She said, cool, whatever it is, do what you wanna do with it. Let's just see what happens. Yeah, I don't wanna do spoilers, but when I think about Michael and how he kept trying to change the future, do you believe that your fate is already set?


I don't wanna get too much, but do you believe your fate is already set? Yeah. And If, you, you've seen it to the end and you've seen how it ends. And I. And that's the reason why I feel like it ends like that. I feel like no matter what, you might be able to, I don't wanna say too much, but I do believe that. Yeah, I de that's to answer your question, to make without And I think the answer is yes, I do believe that what's meant to be will be, but I still feel like you have to push for the direction you wanna go. Like I, I believed one day I'll be sitting here with people like yourself and doing what I'm doing with Netflix, but it wouldn't have been if I decided just to hang on a block with my people and not stay into Red and not go here to learn. So I feel like you have to go 70% of the way at least. And, and hold on, you said the end. Now you, you, you gotta have these seasons mapped out, right?


Because it can't end the way. Nah, I've got, I've got three season story in my head. Okay. Yeah. So I've got a three seasons floating in my head. Not saying it can't go further, but I've got three seasons where I know where it goes Because I need to know why this is happening. Why are these people getting snatched up? Yeah, I'm trying not to give it away that what I'm saying, I I'm just trying to figure out why, what's the overall Goal? If Netflix, if Netflix pressed a button on it, I'll promise you all your questions will be answered. At one time there was a conversation about British actors taking over in the US and some of the US actors were upset Idris El, but Dam Ris just some of the actors from, from Britain. So, so what is your thoughts on that? And and would you use American actors? A hundred percent. I would use American actors if they fit the role. And I don't think people should be mad at the U.


We grew up with nothing on TV screens except for American accent TV shows and movie. So all we took in was your accent. That's why we can do it. So when we get these roles and they study acting a lot in the uk, I don't say they're not do it in the us but it's a big thing in the UK to go to drama school. Like you have to do your free years and then your masters so the actors can come over like Idris and Dancer and all these other actors can come over and do this because they can. But bro, I, I was chatting to someone the other day, she was doing an American girl, she was doing the UK accent dressed on watching Top Boy and Super Cell. So I was, I was saying 10 years from now, maybe five they're gonna be coming to steal our jobs. You know we're just a bit ahead because we've had you on our screen for longer.


Give it 10 years, more years, 10 more seasons of Super Cell, you're gonna be having people coming to take our jobs. Man, I go From, that's my 11-year-old thing, my 11-year-old after the London accent and every time she orders something from Uber Eats or somebody picks up, she uses that accent and she thinks she's from London, like a thousand percent. Her name is London. Which is funny about Sick, right? And, I think they're starting, it's starting to happen. So you're doing it first of all as a joke. But imagine If, you actually are your little one wants to act If you little one comes in and can kill the accent and I'm giving her the role. I don't care if she lives over here or she lives over there. I want the best person for this role. Dope. So it's gonna happen. You know. Another connection people don't usually make is the connection, at least I see between London and like Nigeria.


Big a massive deal. I'm Nigeria. Okay. A lot of it is like for I'm for my parents. The minute over there when you're young, the better life is in the uk. So you had a lot of people go to America, but a lot of Nigerians live in London. You know. So, and it's just, 'cause my mom and dad would just tell me that You know they, my grandparents would tell them, If, you get, well go to London and you can have a better life for your family. So in the, in the uk, Caribbean, African, it's, that's where it would predominantly most of The World the blacks are from What? What's a better storytelling outlet for you? Music or tv? Tv. And. I. And I'll tell you why. Other than the fact that You know rapping is such a super skill, And, I feel like I was okay but I wasn't Jay Z or Biggie who Is.


And these days, and it's funny these days I don't even think you have to be there no more. You just need a, you just need a flipping, a gimmick or a hook or an angle. But the thing that I do can do with TV and film, I've got a bigger platform. I've got a bigger canvas to paint. Like when I was trying to do a song in five minutes, it was just like I got so much more detail I wanna say about the story or the character. When I get a canvas like film and tv, I can stretch your out, make you feel emotion, get you connected to the character. So for me, I'm where I'm meant to be man, I'm happy here. And I. Just wanna keep on hitting these big canvases. Alright, Well Don move. We got more of a rap man When we come back it's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with the creator of Super Cell Ratman Charlamagne.


Another thing about this show, And I know there's probably some symbolism in this. All of the main characters, superpowers, they come out when they seem like they're under extreme stress or when they're all near each other. Yes. So the thing I get from that is black people, we definitely perform well under pressure. We make the best outta the worst situations. And unity and group operation I think brings out the best in us as well. I agree with that. And my, my main thing was literally with the pressure thing, I feel like we only ever do become our best version when we get to that peak where we think where it's that line is how you're gonna fall under. But If you go over, that's when the greatness comes. And, I think that's why when it is kind of sink or swim, You know, fight or flight what they say, that's when it comes out.


That's why If, you see everyone in there when they, when they're at their last string and then boom, that's when it happens. I was Gonna say I be wanting to ask you stuff but then I'm like, am I gonna give it away? You Can't give it away yet. But You know what it's been three, four weeks have have you it yet And more and more now. I haven't seen the whole thing so people are hearing more. Yeah, No it's true. It's true. It's true. Because I caught on when when I heard somebody else was like, yo, you gotta watch it. I'm like all right, I'll watch it all. No, I Appreciate because some of the international movies, I'm like, am I gonna be cool with the accent first And I be like, nah, you could get it You. know what I mean? Nah, Nah, that's fair enough. That's fair enough. And it's true, we do want it to carry on. A good thing with it shows like this, there's like a 90 day window to get into the top view of all time. And I. Don't know if we're heading for that or not because it's You know you need to get black 90 million views. We on like 25, which is crazy for a UK show.


But basically they Netflix do monitor it over for three, four months. So it is not like, it's not like a music, you release an album, you've got like a, the first opening week to really decide if it's a hit or not. It don't work like that Netflix. So I don't wanna spoil too much, but enough to get people to wanna watch. There's People with the super cell collecting other people with the super cell, right? Yes. But they're collecting them on behalf of White people. Yep. I knew that you could, it's funny, I saw Big Guy Vince Staple, I never, I don't met him but I never met him but I saw him tweet Yo those super coons had me shocked. That was crazy. I was laughing out loud, loud. I couldn't believe it. But You know what the thing, I literally was laughing out loud when I saw that tweet.


But the thing with that, it's funny 'cause I've only ever been asked about this one, one other interview. We are the talent. We are the culture, we are the heart. We bring the energy, we bring the vibe. But do we not dance for the people for the other side? Absolutely. Like and it's just, you can't escape it. I dunno if it's because where we are based, we are not the majority. That's right. But where we are and where we are shining, no matter how great we are, like I don't wanna start blowing everything up, but you should really, these are on this place, these are on You. know what I'm saying? Like you, you, when I think of this, I think of you guys, you have the power, but I don't know how much power you got, but I'm assuming there's always someone on top who man, you can't do that or envy. That's a bit much.


We Got that in 14 years. Dope. Then you are GA lot of people ain't got there. We no, we've been lucky we haven't we. But how much other people do You know who is just as famous or success as you who are still got a ask Upstairs? And I. And I've carved out my own entity here called the Black Effect Podcast Network. Oh she let me come on that. Let's do, then we can really chop it up. I would love to do a Super Cell podcast bro. Like when you breaking, like you're breaking down each episode bro for people. I would love that. When you're ready bro. We can really go off on that lap Properly. That's done. Yeah, yeah Let's do that. Let's do that. Let's do that. Let's do that. Let's do that's let's do that. Yeah, Go now. Congratulations. You got a hundred percent critic score on Rotten Tomatoes. That ain easy.


That was just not easy. We just seen with Tyler Perry, his didn't didn't do as well. So the fact that you got a hundred percent is great. But I was gonna ask, it took four years to do this one. So when season two is it gonna be another four years? Nah and it won't because a lot of that is breaking The. World getting the characters right because The World is You know The, World You know the characters. It won't take as long, how long it will take. It just depends on how soon they press the button. It won't take as long. It won't Take us long. This is so ill though. 'cause I thought I was gonna talk to you and you was gonna tell me like your mother or your grandmother or somebody You know had sickle cell. Just the fact that you You know care about it 'cause it impacts so many black people bro. How can there be something that only affects you because of your black bro You not crazy that it like I feel like we need to ask more questions.


Like why is no one asking where did this come from? Why is no one asking why bro skin is skin don't get, as the culture comes with how you are raised but the how dark your skin is and how light your skin is shouldn't make a difference to a disease. Right? I guess I've never done the knowledge to it to even know that. I never even thought that sickle cell was just a black disease. They say it predominantly affects black and there is some other race, but I personally have never met someone that's not black with it. So I'm not so, but I never understood it. So I'm hoping now the conversation is out there. Maybe people might do some proper research on and they find out what the answer is more How, how can we bring more awareness to the disease. You think With, with what you're doing right now is already doing it.


There's sickle cell conventions pretty often. I think just mention it like I think everyone just talk about, have a conversation, maybe get someone who's living with it on the show. Like there's a lot of people in Powow or either whatever who are living with this. I just think, Yeah, we've definitely had Prodigy and Tbar on over the years. Yeah the conversation just don't happen enough. Like it's funny that episode of Power came out and they mentioned it this week. And I thought that's weird. Right Close to Super Cell the conversation of sickle cell out on two popular shows. But normally no one talks about it, man. Like when I was doing this show in the uk, all of their execs had to do the research minus my main exec whose brother's got it. But everybody else, they had to do the research. No one knew what they was making. You know. So I just think keep the conversation going man.


Like You know blood drives. It's like someone like you use yourself turn up to blood drives. That would be crazy. You know. Just shining lap man. I have a few questions, but like one question I had for you is you said that the exec at Netflix knew you in the uk. So what level of rapper were you in the uk? Like who was comparable to you over here? Oh, I, okay. I wasn't known because I was like, okay, the biggest rapper in the UK right now, it's obviously Central Sea. Right Sea, Yeah. But Central Sea at that time wasn't, wasn't crossed over. It was probably Stormy. Stormy Stormy gigs Love Day Love Storm. Yeah. Yeah. So, but Cheryl's story, what I've done, it was this particular project that was massive. It was the biggest thing in the UK for years.


And this is not sounding like I'm gloating, it was just, it had the whole world in the UK in a choke hole. 'cause everyone's waiting for the next part. 'cause I was releasing parts like every other month. So everybody was waiting. So because this is a quick example before I get pulled out, there was a show called The Bodyguard that was on BBC. It came on Netflix after a while, but it was massive in the uk and it was BBC's biggest show for years. And it was like their finale. Okay. So the finale was trending on Twitter in the uk but I didn't know about Bodyguard. So I released my final part shower story the same day we trended above that. So all the breakfast shows, the daytime shows. The next day was like, so you was probably watching this and it was a clip of the Bodyguard all white cast. Good show, great show, but your kids were watching this.


And it was a clip of Cheryl's story that had every single network in the uk, Netflix, everyone Black, who is this guy who can do something off their own back, no money, pull it on YouTube and Trend above the biggest show that the UK's got. Mm. It opened every door, bro. It was like a blessing that thing there because it fell into so much people's hands, which, and then that's how I was massive. So could the shower story, that was before Shower story. I hardly nobody knew me. Carbon shower story. I was probably one of the hottest in the uk. So if in the UK I could have been maybe Mic Sean Wale with Hot in that hole. I mean I, I could have been Cole at that time. Really? I could have been Cole at that time. You won't The big three at That time. Yeah, at that time. Okay. But at that time I was at that not, I would, I'm not gonna sit here and say I was, but for that moment when our shower story was out, everyone, everyone, so all the, all the other rappers was reaching out.


Everybody reached out. It was just a big deal man. It was just a big deal at the time. Congratulations On everything Man. Thank you man. I appreciate it. Please Go watch Super Cell and You know get prepared for the Super Cell podcast on the Black Effect Podcast network hosted by Rap Man. Big. Yeah, I can do that. I can bring some of my casting as well. You know. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. My cast man, they wanna roll up. So that would be dope. Those podcasts like that are, are, are big over here. Like bro, I am bro, anything to to, to push the, to navigate, as I said, I'm fans of you guys and what user have achieved with this. This was like a outlet for the black culture across The, World. 'cause there's so many other things now, but we've been seeing this for that for decades. 15 Years. Yeah. Yeah. And we don't, we know that this is where it began.


So bro, anything I can do to be a part of it, I'm honest man. Let's do it. Yeah, you have It. It's rap man. We appreciate you for joining us. Oh well it's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club on this Friday. What's happening man? SLU the rap man for Pull it up. Make sure y'all go watch Super Cell on Netflix right now. It was the number one rated show on Netflix. Number one viewed show on Netflix for like two weeks. Very good show, man. That's Right. And let's get to Jess with The Mess News is real. Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. Don't Do Lying. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club.


She's a culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Okay, so Meg unbothered by Tory fans. So a video service of Meg thee stallion leaving an establishment and the people outside can be heard shouting at her while she was walking with one of her friends or somebody from her entourage


In seven days. The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun over the city of a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Next Friday, 7 36 30 central on NBC and Peacock


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to highrise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life. Life-changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


Summer brings lots of outdoor time and offers more chances to bike and walk. But high temperatures can also bake exhaust from vehicles to produce air pollution that is dangerous to breathe, especially for those with asthma and other lung conditions. Older people and children are also at higher risk. Even healthy folks who work or exercise outside you all can help though. First, check the daily air quality forecast and let your family and friends know when poor air quality is expected. Then plan to take actions like using transit or carpooling instead of driving alone when you must drive. Link your trips and don't let your car idle. Keep your tires inflated, your trunk empty and don't fill up your tank during the hottest hours of the day. You even get an excuse to postpone mowing your lawn on air quality Alert days. If. you have a gas powered mower. Check the forecast, sign up for alerts and find more tips at www.airqualitypartnership.org. A program of the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission


Free, Free to free lane. So that's corny. She did. I know. Very, very corny. It was like, so that's the only audio that was like actually clear, but it was like random people shouting it out to her and everything and she, she didn't really seem to bothered by it, but she never directly acknowledged any of the people that screamed Tory. She just kind of made a face like, like a gag face. Like whatever. You know. But why would you be yelling at the Megan? Megan wants Tory in jail. You should go down to the prison. Go down to the prison that Tory in and stand out there and scream free Tory. Go protest out there. Remember remember in his, she said write him a letter or something. She said his schedule con visit for real schedule a conjugate visit.


That was one of the funniest lines from his, the only visible, visible reaction she had was putting her hand to our mouth. Like I said, acting like she was throwing up 'cause she was so disgusted prior I would get disgusted by hand. Somebody name that shot me too. Meg's Foundation helps elderly in better news for her. Meg Thee stallion's. Pete and Thomas Foundation is collaborating with Breath of Life Incorporated to launch the emergency power program. The power program aims to provide generators to senior citizens across Houston. The goal is to ensure that they have access to electricity during natural disasters. The collaboration was? Yeah, the collaboration was inspired by the citywide power outages in Houston after Hurricane Beryl.


For real. Oh. Dropping a cruise bomb from Meg Thee stallion. That's dope. That's Really trade. The troops sitting around somewhere right now. Like how can I one that up? Okay. You ain't gonna be out here buying these old people generators. And I ain't about to get in on this action. You Know IEBO. He just gotta do Something. He gonna have the whole hood with HVACs. Right? I'm telling you he is the hood superhero. Oh my gosh. Alleged armed robber live streamed his police chase. So a man suspected of armed robbery ran from the police with his girlfriend and his infant baby in the car. I seen that yesterday. Let us out bro. Let us out. Oh, I'm not even supposed to be in this right now bro.


Diane pulled over. You don't give a shit about your baby bro. It's a serious I threw, I love both of y'all. They pulled a over. You think I live for bro? You finna get killed bro. They got guns pointed to the car bro. For some. I'm not gonna keep telling you bro. What? Over Ira. That's your best. Yeah, that was extremely sad. He was one of the three suspects in an armed robbery in Beverly Hills. He was later identified as 21-year-old. Diane Henderson or Diane. I'm not sure how to pronounce this young man's name, but as you heard, she continuously begged him to pull over.


Eventually he did pull over on a dead end. He hugged the girl and his baby kissed her and got on his knees to surrender the cops. Put him in handcuffs. Took him the girlfriend and the baby away. They put the baby in handcuffs. No, they ain't put no baby in handcuffs. Man. Sky's crazy The way you said it baby. You made it. I'm like what? How baby yo get outta here man. Yo. No, they just took all of them away. They were arrested but it wasn't reported. If the girlfriend was charged with anything that they did not say and they, they didn't say where the baby was taken. Yo. But the baby wasn't cuffed. Just Ladies, y'all gotta stop letting just any old person. Shoot y'all club up man. You gotta know who you procreating with before you You know.


Sit down and procreate with people. Lay down and procreate with people. It sound like she didn't know. It sound like she had no idea. And then when and when did we get to the place where we on the police chasing and we livestream? We old man. You understand? We was born in 1,978. So he, he looked like a young man. You know from he was little clip that I saw how old He was. 21. He was 21. 21. That's literally a part of their existence. Like that's a part of their life. Like they don't know how to do anything without bro going live. But how Can you get away? If, you on livestream, you, you're trying to get away but you're on livestream. The cops was like, he just made a left on Charles Street. Oh he just made a right on Walker Street. Right. Like it's stupid But he, he kept saying he was gonna die. His the live was long. He kept saying like, I know I'm gonna die.


So he was taping it. This ain't the first time I seen somebody die on live. Like one of them little young guys. They know it was one guy last year in Baltimore actually. He was live streaming. The cops was ready come in there and raid his house and they was going to kill him on site. And that's exactly what happened. He died. Well at least have some empathy for your baby mom and your child baby. Yep. Yep. Like damn. Yep. And she was begging to get out but he kept on saying, I love y'all but if I stop they gonna kill me. I hit your baby in the car. But they, they did stop. Like I said. But I mean he Did stop. What if they was telling the baby put their hands up, was telling the baby put his hands up, up And shut up man. Okay, so for the last story, thank you Jess.


25. Greatest, R, B, Artists, Of, All, Time. So Forbes released their list of the 25 Greatest, R and B. Artists. Of, All, Time. And I'm just going to name a few. First. Erica Badu. Second. DeAngelo three. Me. J Blige four. Sade, five Scissor six. Frank Ocean. Seven. Aaliyah eight. Usher nine. TLC and 10 Mariah Carey. Now is this in order or is this just 25 armed? I know they got 'em in order. This is in order. They bugging. I saw this yesterday, right? Yeah, go ahead Jill. 11. Jill Scott. 12. Jill. Jill is too low. Yo what L green is 13.


Jill supposed to be, I mean in my generation I'm, I'm only speaking for me 'cause he r and b is too deep. I don't even know how you can sit down and try to do a top 25 RB list. It's too deep. Too many decades. But If you talk about from my personal taste, I got Jill top three. It's Erica, Jill and Mary j Blige for me. There You go. That's what I was saying. Got Usher up there. Yeah they do. He number eight. He's after Scissor and Frank Ocean. But where's Marvin Gaye? Where is Stevie Wonder? Where's Patti LaBelle list where the Isley Brothers. That's what I'm saying, like that you can't, I don't know. I don't even know why somebody would even sit down and attempt to try to make a top 25 r and b list. It's too much. These jokes.


These are, this is jokes. Anita Bakers number 14. John Legend, whom I love is number 15 in Vogue 16. Aaron Neville. 17 SWV is 18. Damn. When Donny hat Tina Turner the r and b Number 19. Yeah. She's, yeah. But what about New Edition? The new edition on that list? What about Juicy on that list? They got Frank Ocean at number six. Get it. Come on man. Cut it out. Y'all gotta cut it out like he knock it off and, and And I. Don't think Marvin Gaye is on this list at all. So If, you ain't got Marvin Gaye on a on a top RB list then you just bugging who Does these lists? I have no idea. I'm not mad at number one though.


'cause for my own personal taste though, me that's, that's my personal taste. Du Eric Badu, Jill Scott, Mary j Blige. That's my mind. But I'm born in 1,978 DeAngelo too. I do like DeAngelo. Yeah, Mary would be number one. I know number two, married be artist of all. Not before Mary j Blige. Yeah. No, no, no, no. He's right after. He's right before Mary marry number three. That's crazy. Yeah, they got, they got flory on here. Number 22. I'm gonna be honest man. This looks kind of trash. Kind of trash. Yeah it is. It is trash. It works. It's, it's, and it's not because of who's on it. It's just that r and b is just too deep. I don't even know how you could even sit down to begin. It's to do a top 25 RBII.


No, no. It's trash 'cause of who's on it and who's not on it. Absolutely, positively. Absolutely. And if and and you would have to have like 70-year-old, 80-year-old people in the room along with some You know you'd have 20 somethings. Like every demographic would have to be represented that put together a proper list and you still wouldn't get it right Instead of all time though. So Ain't no Marvin Gaye on here. No, no. Marvin Jill's got number 11. And. I got Al green but no Marvin. Cut it out. Cut it out. Oh well that's just with the mess. Alright, we We dropping a clue. Bomb bad Dodo. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Never gonna dispute that at number one. Alright, well Shela man who you gimme a donkey to Man, before after the hour we got another dummy who decided to post something on social media to help the police.


Okay. His name is Hassan something. He needs to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him. Alright. All right, we'll get to that next and then Angela Simmons will be joining us. You got some Mary? Thank you. Let's play some Mary. Right now it's The, Breakfast, Club. Come on, let's go. You are chicken out. The, Breakfast Club. He up. Maybe. Damn the Heehaw hog. It's time for donkey of the, I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should Be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making These people do these things called Donkey of the day. And it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the donkey of today? Today? Well donkey today for Friday, July 19th goes the Hassan flow.


He is a North Carolina man who has helped put himself in prison. What do you mean Uncle Charlotte? He helped put himself in prison. Well, let me tell you this. 23-year-old Charlotte, North Carolina man committed two armed robberies. In 2023, he robbed a Sam's mark in Charlotte. He had the lower part of his face concealed by a red bandana. He's clearly watched too many movies and rap videos and of course he was armed with a pistol. Then he, when he entered the Sam's Mart, he puts the pistol to the employee and told us, shut up, I'll shoot you. He also told the employee that he just got out of prison. I don't need your backstory sir. Okay. Alright. You telling me that you just got out of prison? Does nothing to make this situation any less traumatic for me and If, you tell me that you just got out of prison while you robbing me.


In my mind I'm thinking, well, I can't wait for you to go back. Okay. He got all the money out the register, probably $173. And then he bounced. So the next month he was back at it. This time he hit a seven 11. Okay. He wore the same red bandana. You didn't even switch it up. Okay? Didn't even switch it up. Same red bandana, same outfit. Might be a blood, okay? He might be a blood and not allowed to wear any other color. I don't know because there's no way you repeating outfits to commit robberies. That's just lazy. I can understand if it's a robbery in the same day. But this robbery was a month later. So he had the same part of his face covered and the same pistol he used in the previous robbery. Once again, he told the employee of seven 11 to give him the money out the register.


But the employees fight a flight instincts kicked in and they flew. Okay? That employee ran right out the back door after seeing the gun, dropping a cruise bomb to that employee. I'm knocking that at him, okay? Because you just never know. So now Hassan stuck. All right? He's stuck. So he goes behind the counter, tries to open the register himself. His big dumb ass didn't know how to open the register. So when he couldn't get the money out the register, he just took the employee's purse. Okay? Yes, the employee who ran out the back door, she left her purse behind. So he just took that boy. What makes you think she got any money? Okay, you could have left her purse right there. She working at the seven 11. You trying to rob, it's only $83 in the register and probably 13 in her purse.


23 at the most. So you just running around Charlotte wasting time when you could be using that energy to go look for a damn job. Okay? You a 23-year-old abled bodied man who just got out, got out of prison. There is plenty of black jobs you could find. And furthermore, I have a serious question. How come you individuals like Hassan just don't become police officers, become detectives, private investigators? Because clearly you like putting away criminals, And I appreciate self-aware people and they have nothing more self-aware than knowing you have indeed committed a crime, okay? And want to be caught. That's the only explanation for situations like this. You must have wanted to turn yourself in and the FBI and divisions of law enforcement, thank you for your service and for making their jobs easier.


Because police were able to find Hassan Flo a week later after he showed himself on social media holding the same pistol, wearing the same red bandana he used in the robbery and attempted robbery. You can't make this kind of stuff up. When police arrested him, they found the same gun that he used in the robbery. Cops don't even have investigators anymore because y'all do the work for them. Okay? Imagine if at the end of power, Tariq put up a post like, just took my dad out, he a ghost for real. Now. And today's world, regular internet trolls on Hollywood unlock can find your location just by looking at the, the, the trees in the background.


So why would you think trained professional law, enfor law enforcement officials, cannot they done watch the surveillance video of, of all of these robberies, these two attempted robberies, and then you going to post on social media with the same outfit, same bandana, and same gun. You think they not gonna be like, that's the guy You know if he would've robbed these stores and got some real money outta them, he'd have been online flashing that cash since he didn't get no real money, he decided to go online and show off his robbery outfit and the accessory gun that comes with it. He wanted to be Angela Simmons so bad showing off your little pistol like it's a purse. Now you not coming home until you 36 because yes, Hassan was sentenced to 117 months, over nine years in prison, nine years of your life gone because you want to rob convenience stores.


I promise you. Okay, all the time and gas money, Hassan wasted going to Rob Sam's in seven 11. He could have easily walked in Sam's Mart in seven 11 and filled out a job application. Okay? There's another timeline where instead of you getting dressed, wearing the same outfit to go rob these places, you got dressed and wore the same outfit to go try to get a job at these places. But no, you opted to commit a crime, didn't get online and tell The, World you did said crime and now you gotta go to prison where you might get some bananas put in your fruit salad. This not even dry snitching anymore. This snitching is soaking wet and to be wearing the same outfit and the picture that you wore during the robbery.


Do you understand there are people that won't post a picture of themselves because they were already seen wearing that outfit bef outfit before. I repeat clothes all the time and personally, if it's a shirt or a fit, I want to promote, I'll keep wearing it until my dumb ass remembers to take a picture in it. Maybe Hassan felt the same way. The only difference between myself and Hassan is that Hassan repeating outfits like he's a Simpson while he committed crimes. Has his ass in prison. Please give Hassan Flo the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons Of the, He got a boyfriend in prison.


That's, that's really the only logical explanation he had to get back to Bay. Oh, you think he Had to get back? Okay. He Had, he had to get back to bay. He missing somebody. He's missing somebody. That's the only explanation. That's why he posted the picture of him in the the same outfits. Just to let Bay know I'm coming home. Damn. Now He wanted to be Angela Simmons so bad. Yo, you're a clown. Well, thank you for that donkey today. And up next is Angela Simmons. That's right. And we gonna kick it with her next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. We have Angela Simmons.


Welcome. Thank you. What's up, big entrepreneur Energy. Hello. Hello. Big Entrepreneur. You always doing something. I mean, it was pastry back in the Day. Shoes, sneakers. Shoes, Sneakers. Now you got clothing Lines. Funnel Cake mix. Funnel cake PIOs with Slutty vegan pancakes. Waffles. It does it all. Damn, They were, they were mad at you about laying in the better Oreos in the tub of Oreos though. But why? I don't know. I Have no idea why. That was my, I thought it was nice. Thank you. The internet is just weird. It's a weird place. It's Oreos first. First of all, how are you? I'm great. How are you? I'm blessed Black and Holly f the only person that should have been bad. Was your daddy though? Did he, did he get upset? 'cause you stole his whole tub flow? Never, never Stole, stole Tub flow. My dad is my biggest supporter. But You brought, you brought some Oreos.


The reason I'm, I'm jumping right into it 'cause they're still warm right now. You gotta try Right here. Okay. Tell me about these first of all now. 'cause they're, they're, they're plant-based Oreos. How So? Oreos are vegan. Okay. And we have a mix that's vegan and that's our batter. So there you go. How Do Oreo when? Since when our Oreo's vegan. Break it down for me. So Oreo's always been vegan. Really? Yeah. But don't they have cream? Yeah, the cream is vegan. The whole thing is vegan. I never knew that. Yes, I learned that when I became vegan. I was like, oh cool. Are okay. So you are actually vegan. Yeah. How long have you been vegan? Well, I was vegetarian first vegan. It had to be over 15, 16 years long. Wow. And what got you into being vegetarian and vegan? My uncle started it a long time ago.


And so And I was really, really young. Showed me some videos of some animals. And I was like, I had to be like 12 I wanna say. And then I was like, I'm not gonna eat no more. And I was like, I can't do that. And then I became vegan when I moved to la. Did He push it on you? Did he like No. Really? He was like, look at these videos. And I was like, oh, I feel bad. Like for the animals Really? And then I like became, that's kinda how it started. You Didn't do it cold Turkey? No, I didn't. I waited until I got into health and fitness and then I changed it up. Okay. Now how did you hook up with Pinky? 'cause you, you and Pinky hooked up with Slutty vegan to, I guess you sell these at Hub restaurants. Yes. Or her spot. So how did y'all hook up? So Pinky And, I have known each other for quite some time. We sat down, we talked, we had this idea on this, this whole idea with this business. And then that was really it.


We, that was history from there. And then we just launched right now as You know, in Slutty Vegan in Harlem, Brooklyn, and all the locations. And talk to us about Angela's cakes and how does Yo Gotti feel about this name? He is fine with it. That's right. Everybody. Our daddy Got it. You gotta make sure everybody got Everybody's Good s And I got their approval. I got the approval. He likes it. Yeah, he's supportive as well. But yeah, I'm vegan. We came up with the mix. We actually really sat in the kitchen like, and like figured out the ingredients. Did it, like we didn't just like find it like we did it. I have a lot of footage of that too, so Yeah. Yeah. It says made in a facility that I also produce, but, but Oh, okay. Nevermind. But no Co-packer. You reading the co-packer stuff?


Yeah, I'm just reading. I like to read the ingredients because I really don't know the difference between what's vegan and what's not vegan. So there's no like dairy You, know what I mean? So there's no milk, there's no eggs. It's strictly vegan. Like you good. You use like oat milk and vegan butter. O one thing I I love about you Angela is that throughout your whole career we've seen you, it's like you're always trying to redefine yourself or reinvent yourself. Was that intentional because you didn't wanna just get boxing to the reality TV Star thing? Not really. I just do what I like to do, what I love to do and like I stick to it. So to me, like when I have a passion for something, I just go for it. I don't really allow anyone else to define that. So that's what I Do. Do you have a deal with Oreos? Because I know when when you posted the picture in the tub with all the Oreos, people were going at you.


Oh my gosh. But then Oreos left a messages like, we love it. So I was like, I wonder if she has a deal with Oreo? No, I don't currently Have one. Not yet. No, because they said they had a crush on Angela Simmons Honey's. I like that. They should have a crush. It's good. I just don't understand why people got upset at that picture. It's weird. It's strange. I don't know. Are You and Kiki Palmer like y'all real tight in real life? 'cause she came to your defense. I've known her actually for some time too. She's been super cool, super supportive, really nice person. So we


cool. In seven days, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Next Friday, 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY, there are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest, straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing, Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nicks, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try K Nix. See why millions are ditching disposable wasteful period products and have switched to K Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's k nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life-changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


Summer brings lots of outdoor time and offers more chances to bike and walk. But high temperatures can also bake exhaust from vehicles to produce air pollution that is dangerous to breathe, especially for those with asthma and other lung conditions. Older people and children are also at higher risk. Even healthy folks who work or exercise outside You all can help though. First, check the daily air quality forecast and let your family and friends know when poor air quality is expected. Then plan to take actions like using transit or carpooling instead of driving alone when you must drive. Link your trips and don't let your car idle. Keep your tires inflated, your trunk empty, and don't fill up your tank during the hottest hours of the day. You even get an excuse to postpone mowing your lawn on air quality alert days. If. you have a gas powered mower. Check the forecast, sign up for alerts and find more tips at www.airqualitypartnership.org. A program of the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission.


I saw you walking your dog and people got mad. Why they mad at that too? I can't walk. Dog was cringe. But why? Why did they use that Word on me? Cringe. I'm What was you doing when that made it cringe? I don't, I was just walking the dog. She was just Walking the dog. She wasn't putting up a middle finger. She chilling. Kicked the dog. Nothing. She was just walking and it wasn't even a long video. It was a couple seconds. Probably 25. It was so cute. I would say keep a man. Thank you. Keep Doing something. Yeah. Why don't you just start trolling people on purpose. Maybe get with somebody like Jess. She's good at stuff like that. And y'all just come up with ways to just troll people online on purpose. They really Going to hate her. They are really hate her. She start doing anything with me. It is. No, we Would be ski. We could bake a skit of what we doing. But even the bag at the BET awards, you had the gun bag. People were mad about that, but that was considered fashion.


Most people, people do that all the time. Yeah, I mean for me. But you apologize For that one. Why? Yeah. Well, I only apologized because I felt like You know. It offended some people and for me. Ooh. I mean, people were offended. People were in their feelings about it. Yeah. And for me, I just liked the bag. I thought it was nice. It's a green bag. I'm on the carpet. I'm gonna explain exactly what happened. I'm, I'm on the carpet. I take some photos. The, the paparazzi, like all of the camera You know they seen the bag. They said they like it. I'm at the end of the carpet. They like point it here. We wanna see it. I'm clearly smiling. I mean, personally, I am affected by gun violence. So I'm not no shape or form promoting that You. know what I mean? Like I deal with that every day with my son You. know what I mean? So that's not something I'm promoting. But I liked it. I thought it was cool.


I liked the bag. It was green. It went with my dress. It was different. It's not classic. It is being with Gotti and like, I don't know, going to Memphis. What inspired you to have the gun shaped purse? Maybe? No. Get you gangs on just, No, I literally just, what's wrong with you? I literally just liked the purse. Okay. I thought the purse was like cool and different. You know, like for me, I don't wanna do what everybody else doing. I just do what I like to do. And I thought that it matched the dress and it was different than a classic clutch. I didn't like that you apologized though, because I'm like, what are you apologizing for? Just I didn't because I don't like to upset anyone You. know what I mean? Like if you're offended or think I was trying to promote gun violence, I'm not You. know what I mean? So I'm just like true to that and true to who I am. So that's the only reason I did it. You Could have been promoting Second Amendment rights though.


Like I'm, I, I I'm from, I'm too a all day. I believe in my second Amendment. Right. So it's like, who, who knows? I mean, they read it wrong. I feel like the media just painted a picture that they wanted to and it's not true. It's not even who I am. You know. That's just not how I am. What'd you wear It again? I don't think it's necessary. You did it once Already. Not think You know they seen it. I mean, I thought it was cool in the moment. I liked the person. That was it. It was really simple. Like I didn't mean nothing else by it. All Of these rappers that be in music videos with guns and promoting guns and they gonna get mad and Angela Simmons and Angela Simmons have to apologize. Come on. It's different. It's definitely Different. It, it is different. They're rappers. They rap about shooting guns and everything.


Even if they don't, that's a different life. She's You know. I get Why she apologize. I'm just, I'm not about that life. That's just not me. Like, I literally just thought it was a nice purse at the time and it matched the dress. It was green. It wasn't the regular purse you'd wear with it. I don't know. That was my, that's all I got for that. How, How much does social media impact you in moments like that? Because You know people, like you just said, people were online saying, oh, You know she lost her ex-fiance to gun violence. So she should be more cautious. Like, does that, did that really get to you? To me, it's like I'm living that right? Like that's my everyday thing. My son's asking what happened to his dad. My son's looking it up. Like I go through that. So it's like that's my real life. And then like whatever people like paint online is on them. I normally don't even, like, I just don't talk and address whatever people say.


It doesn't affect me. 'cause I've been around it so long. Like I'm used to people having their own opinion. Like I know who I am, so I don't, it don't affect me. I only said something because I was like, all right, it's outta controls outta hand. Like let me just say what it is. You know what I mean? But that to me, it doesn't affect me in that way. All right. We got more with Angela Simmons when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the EJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne. The guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still chopping it up with Angela Simmons. Angela Cakes is out right now with Slutty Vegan. So you can go to any slutty vegan store and check it out. Shela me Now. I was joking before, but did, did your, did you ask your pops about the tub thing or was that just you paying homage or did he say anything to you?


No, I actually just did it. It was the idea of mine and Khalila, my partner who's actually in, in here. And. I just, we thought it was cool. Like we, we were like, we're putting out fried Oreos, what else would you do? Except bathing Oreos You. know what I mean? Like it's a cool idea. So I didn't think nothing else of it. And then obviously it came up and people like your dad and I'm like, well it is true. I mean, my dad do has has and does sit in the tub. Yeah. So I mean, but nah, I didn't like even think about it like that. I just thought it was cool. Do people forget your age? Because people keep saying You know like what, what about your dad? But they don't know that you, you're in your thirties You know. Like, do they think that you're still a teenager? Like he said, did your dad like, I feel like grown ass You know. Yeah, being on run's house and growing up on runs house in 17, it's like they stuck somewhere over there.


Like I'm not 18, I'm not 17. Like I'm grown, grown. But they do like, I think they forget. And then on top of that, I think a lot of times people, because of where I come from, they prejudge before. Like knowing me, I mean obviously no one really truly knows me except my people. But like on social, they think they know me like you shouldn't be doing that. Why? Like, that's me. I'm grown. That's what I do. You know how Much time you spin it in the South. 'cause I hear accent definitely got that. She definitely got that accent. It's you say music right fast. Music Music. No, a real stubborn accent. I'm like, what's Going on? It's, it's, yeah, it's probably my man. It's probably, it's probably the influence of Man.


Gotta be Of your man. Oreo wasn't the only people to have like a crush on you. He's had a crush on me. He said that in a song. How did it go from a bar and a song to a full blown relationship? How Did you I don't know. We got here, we, that was years ago. And then just cut too. Like we're together. Like it's pretty real. What was it like, did you, were you ev was you crushing on him too or was it just like, did he try to hit you up, keep on hitting you up? Nah, he wasn't like that. He wasn't like that. We had no like seen each other. He wasn't like that. He wasn't stop. I'm not used to this tristate anymore. No, I'm from New York. Don't take my pass. No, you more now. You Can't take my pass From Memphis now. Oh my gosh.


You can't take my pass. But nah, he wasn't like hitting me up all the time or nothing like that. Like we had seen each other previously, went to dinner, like, which is cool You know what I mean? And then after we hung like whenever that was like two years ago, almost like we just never stopped hanging and then like we was together is Got either one. Yeah, for sure. So you wanna get married and all of that? Yeah, definitely. I'm too old. Be playing games. I'm in it. And that, that is the thing. You know when we had him up here, we, we was talking to him about it. He said he hadn't, he hadn't really sat down and had a conversation with your, with your father yet. So you feel men have to get dad's approval? For sure. My dad likes him though. Yeah, he does. So I mean, for sure.


I think a man should always go to a father. And I'm daddy's girl, so for sure. I'm gonna tell you something. He looked like a part of the family. He looked like a part Of the family. Gotti, he got the, he got the, the head shape. He does Gotti's head. Me. I'm lying. I gotta, he cannot tell me Gotti look like one of Rev run kids. Y'all. He don't look like one of Rev. He don't look like, no, he don't. Yes he does. No, he Shape is in the league of his own. He do not have, no, Not in his league of his own Jesus Christ. You know he got his own shape going on. How you gonna try and put nah, nah, no, no, no. It's not like that. Don't look related. Why was it important for you to make your son CEO of of, of his father's Company?


Well first of all, my son likes business already. He's already like a little mini hustler. He wants to know how to make money, get his own. Like he's just, that's just who he is. But his father actually left that company in his name and when his father was here, he helped build up that company. So I want him to know what his father left for him. And so, and he's ready. He's like, I'm gonna go to work. I'm trying to go every day. I got Id, how old he I wearing T-shirts, he's seven. Wow. But he just likes that stuff. Like he's into it. He's into the sneakers, he's into the things that his father was into, but his dad left it for him. So I wanted him to know that this is available for you. And they're still building it up. His partner Ivan actively runs it, but You know, I wanted him to know that that's an option. How was Gotti with him? Because Gotti has a, a great business mind and that's somebody that definitely I'm sure can teach him a couple of things about a couple of hundred Millions and stuff.


Yeah, he's great with him. Like he sat him down 'cause SJ likes like he wants to do gaming and YouTube. He just has ideas. Like he sat him down before and showed him his plaques with the YouTube stuff and he was like, okay, You know like my son just processes information. But he's good with 'em. He's really good with 'em. Speaking of your baby boy, do you want more kids eventually? I think, yeah, when the time makes sense. But for now I'm like, I'm cool. Okay. God's time. God's absolutely gotcha. Yeah man. You and Gotti gonna do a TL too. This is like the new new new. I was gonna ask, does your family say anything about your accent? Accent Crazy. Yeah, everybody does. I don't, I don't even, I even hear, I've Never seen this before. No, you gotta know Your accent.


But I actually even hear myself. But I think, I literally think once I started dating him, like it just, who know If You. If, If anybody closed their eyes, they would swear you from the south. For real. Like New York. Don't say That because they used to say my accent accent from New York was so strong. You can't tell me I'm losing. Oh Nah, that changed. You don't Hear it? Hear it, hear it, hear it. You don't hear it. I can't hear it over the music. Oh my, my gosh. She ain't say heard it. Shane say heard it. Yeah. I ain't say her. It's almost, I said there almost. It's almost there. But what's next for Angela in her entrepreneur efforts? Angela's pushing Angela's cakes. That's my main thing is getting them You know in the stores which I'm working on and putting them where it gotta go and just growing it, growing the brand, continuing on my wellness path.


Always got some other stuff up my sleeve. Ain't no hole ain't. Did you hear it then? Yes. Yes. My God. God. Which one was it? Everything. Wow. It's heavy like that. Yes. Who's the first person that pointed that out to you? 'cause it can't be us. No it no You're not. It's, I've heard, I keep, keep hearing it now when I'm, they're like right where you the south? Like what happened? It's just my man. He is, I don't know To say it's just my man. It don't even really sound Memphis though. It sound like Atlanta like down south Mississippi. No, that ain't Atlanta don't sound like Atlanta. That don't sound like Memphis like that though. That's Not Atlanta. I'm just not picking up the words like y'all think like The, World the Words is in Memphis. The words Like you think I'm gonna say like that's not gonna fully happen.


Say say yo dead ass be yo dead ass B. Nah nah. What you think? No. Nah. What that mean? It's wrong. Nah, that wasn't it. Yo dead ass bee. Nah, nah. That was a, that was a little New York. He sounded like a southerner trying to sound like you sound like Drake trying to sound like he from New York. You go see. Nah, that was New York. New York not got mad. You can't say, you can't say saying like, I'm from somewhere else. I'm from New York. Y'all tripping Y'all. Angela Simmons ladies and gentlemen, listen. What do, where can we get Angela's Cakes? Eat angelas cakes.com. Damn. Damn. What You asked Angela, can you poop that and and ref that, That wrap.


I'm just telling y'all how to eat the cake. Damn. All right, well, okay If, you want to eat Angela's cakes? Go to eat angela cakes.com. You can get The fried plant-based Oreos from Slutty Vegan. That's right. Yes, You can anywhere, any slutty Vegans, any slutty vegans. We are live for the next three months. Alright, Well if Angela Simmons, we appreciate you for doing Us. I'm making it worse. Thank you. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's EJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. It's time for pass the off.


Dj come. What's up Nyla? What's up Envy? What's up guys? Big Nyla. I love that hair. Oh, thank you. Thank you. You got the crown out. You got the crown out Getting ready for certified vibe tonight, but we'll talk about that in a second. Yes, it's only right man. Tonight's gonna be a movie. But speaking of movies this week Blast had a album listening party in Brooklyn and it was crazy. I DJ'ed shout out to Eagle Gang, but his album just dropped. It kind of has like a house music vibe and Earth Gang actually just dropped a house music vibe album too. But my favorite joint off of blast one is Blast and Joyce Rice with Better Off as Friends. Okay, like that you can't go wrong with a blast record. I feel like he has a unique sound.


He can't be played and you not figure out who he is. He does, he does have a unique sound. 100% love that for him. Okay, good. We got tens across the board. I love that. All right, next we're gonna go with Rob four nine and Cardi B on that money tough Tune. Top K Or Rob 9 49 Cardi B. That's all. Yes. Whenever I hear songs like that, I be thinking to myself how disgusting money really is, man. Like, like when somebody give you some cash, ain't no telling what they've done to that cash, where that cash is. How, yeah, how many hands? It's touched You know what I mean? Somebody done on the money. Okay, All right. Jesus. All right. What? But the record dope and they got a, and they got a video record's open and they got a video for It and they got a video. I was actually surprised to see them two collab him.


But yeah, I'm happy about it. Yeah, another collab that I'm Really, why are you surprised to see them collab though? Cardi always connects with the new the new people. Yeah, she do. I just, I don't, But just those two. I get what she's saying. Those two like rock or not. Yeah. I Didn't see that collab Coming. Not Matt. This is not a complaint. This is just, this is a happy surprise. But the last one is another collab. Y'all know I'm a big Mexican OT fan. And, I'm a big D Curry fan. Zel Courage to drop the project. And they did a video for this as well, but I love this record. It's the black Flag Freestyle. Hey. Hey, you Like that? That's a different vibe. That sound like one of them down south who used to rap like that?


That sound like a like a three. Like a three six little flow a little bit There I think. I feel like You might have sampled that a little bit or just produced it. I think it produced on It because he got some futures on this tape too. Man, Mexican OT is hard. Yes, Mexican OT has no much, he has no idea how much I enjoy his music. He dope. He is dope though. His flow is crazy. Yeah, crazy. Top two right there. MCs right now. Denzel and Mexican, I mean, and JID and You know Rhapsody who's gonna be in the building tonight. So we got Certified Vibe Live going down in Brooklyn tonight. If, you guys have an RSVP. It's still available, but I think You know Art is gonna be packed, so I advise you get there early.


We got open bar for the first hour and it's just gonna be a really special night. So, And and Rhapsody got her own label now. Well, last time she was on Breakfast Club, she talked about that. So she got her artist performing with her tonight too, right? Yep. She got Sebastian, Michael, Nico Brim, and then also she's doing like a fem four mentorship program and she has a, a young lady by the name of Brittany who's gonna be hitting the stage as well. I think she's from like the Midwest, so I'm new to her. So I'm looking forward to seeing You know her Deliver too. Okay. Certified Vibe Tonight, You know Big Nyla has created the the best new live showcase for new artists in the business.


So you never been to one tonight and tonight to show up. If you can get in. Yes. If, you could get in, please pull up and then make sure you guys follow me on the gram at Nyla. Simonon. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. All right. All right, well let's get to the mix. You know we throw back on a Friday. I seen Dre and Snoop did a concert out in la so put me in that, that feeling, that zone. So let's start off with some West Coast music. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, You are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Salute the rap man for joining us this morning, Man. Salute the rap man. And I promise you do yourself a favor this weekend and watch Super Cell on Netflix.


I watched it while I was on vacation. It's six episodes. Each episode is like an hour, an hour long. It's so, it's worth it. And ain't nothing else on TV right now anyway for Power. Power, the only thing on tv, right? Power The Shy finished. Y'all can go back and watch The Wire if y'all want. Show Can watch the wine. That's, but that's all the more reason to go back and watch Super Cell If. you gotta go back and watch The Wire with The Wire. Try something new. There's a, there's another good show I was watching Presumed Innocent with, with Jake Gyllenhal, but no, go watch Super Cell Super Cell is is really good. I think you'll enjoy it. And anybody who is dealing with sickle cell, I have a family member that's dealing with Sickle cell, I think they'll appreciate it.


Yep. And also salute to Angela Simmons for joining us. If, you wanna check out her plant-based fried Oreos. You can do so at Slutty Vegan. So salute to Angela Simmons for joining us as well. Or or If. you want to eat Angela's cakes? Go to eat angela's cakes.com. You hear that stud in you? I heard that stud in you. That stud you just went, Ugh, I heard you Jack. See I'm not eating no girl a boy. I will cuss you out on here. Don't no cakes. I just said, mm. That's all I said. Alright, big Stu Energy. Alright, well we come back, we got the positive notice. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy.


We are The, Breakfast, Club reminding you guys, August 17th, my car show hits New York City. So If, you're looking for something fun for the family and the kids and, and everybody bring them down August 17th. It's affordable Kids five and under a free, free parking, there's rides, obstacle courses, gaming trucks, food trucks, bar for the adults and all types of cars, celebrity cars from people like Cardi B. Offset A Boogie, French, Montana, 50 cent, just to name a few. So I can't wait to see you guys August 17th. And don't forget next week my sister's gonna be out in North Carolina. She's actually gonna be giving birth on stage. So no, I'm not, don't speak That Yo. I'm gonna be at the Raleigh Improv North Carolina.


Get your tickets@justhilariousofficial.com or raleigh improv.com. Friday and Saturday. We got four shows Next week you gonna be 17 and a half months pregnant and you going to Raleigh? Yes. I'm gonna be 36 weeks And it's what, 38 for the baby, right? Or 39? 37 40. 40 40 Weeks. Yeah, but the baby usually comes between 37 and 41. 42. Yeah, they come between 37 and 40, but 40 weeks is, well You gotta talk to the baby, you gotta talk to her now. I'll be like, look, look, look. All right mommy, gotta go get this money next week. All right. So just, That's what I tell her every day.


Gimme a little minute You. know what I'm saying? Right. It's gonna be a little rough ride. We're gonna drive down to Raleigh about four hours. I'm gonna do these shows and then I'm gonna, I'ma I'm gonna get right back. All right, just gimme a minute. That's what I tell her every morning when I have to get up and talk to y'all. Okay, Cool. I understand. Well leave Us on a positive note. The positive note is simply this man, your worth is not defined by what other people think. Always remember how others see you as not as, IM not as important as how you see yourself. Enjoy the Weekend Breakfast Club bitches you don't finish or y'all Done@public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto and more. Plus you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it.


So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA And I, not a bank investment advice. Advice. MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers.


That's MITR e.org/careers. With Lucky Lands Slots, you can get lucky just about anywhere. Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to, has anyone Seen the bride and groom? Sorry. Sorry, we're here. We were getting lucky in the limo and we lost track of time. No Lucky Land Casino with cash prizes that add up quicker than a guest registry. But in that case, I pronounce you lucky. Play for free@luckylandslots.com daily. Bonuses are waiting. No purchase necessary. Boy, we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. See website for details. Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last.


It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com. Hey, have you ever used Cheapo Air for Years? And I really like it with cheap O Air. You can book online, use their app, or even over the phone. They've got great prices on over 500 airlines and millions of accommodations. They're my go-to for travel planning and If. you join their Club Miles program, you can earn points to save on the cost of your travel book on the app, and you get double points.


Sounds like It's time I tried Cheap O Air. Call cheap O Air at (855) 247-3279 or visit cheap o air.com/podcast.