
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Piece Of the planet Charlemagne Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm one very dangerous obstacle. Looms large, unique is alive. Unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app. Wasn't that delicious? So good.


Your Bill, ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I, no, I got it. Seriously, don't I insist I insisted first. First. Don't be silly, silly, silly. Don't. Silly you don't. Silly don't Be people with the Wells Fargo active Cash credit card. Prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, rock paper, scissors for it. Paper scissors, shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's El Lisa just for you.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo, Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is on Vacay La la Rosa is here. Good morning Y'all. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the Planet is Monday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening, man? That's right. It's a Monday. How was your weekend, Lauren? My weekend was great. I celebrated my grandmother's birthday, aunt. My wrote a book. She also Loves You. She gave me a book to give to Charlamagne. Okay. And we played Spades and had a good time. That's a beautiful thing, right? Good time. Where the book at? It's in the, it's out there. I got it for you. Oh, See, she don't even know how to promote her aunt's book. Right Man.


She booked to have the book right now. Book the name of the book and all that. This is the book. Book. It's called blah blah, blah. The book. And it's on Amazon right now. The My Trip to The Motherland. It's about her going to Ghana and all the enlightening that happened when she went. It's by Philis Tucker Saunders. It's available on Amazon right now. There you go. There you go. Boom. Oh, there it goes. Boom. And she signed in on the inside for you. Charlemagne. Charlemagne, you are so handsome. I would love for you to journey with me through Ghana and Joy. I don't know what that says. Something. Oh, something something. Lauren's aunt, it never, Never said Were so handsome. No, it does say that. It does not. It says two. What is It? This, that's my, that's my grandma younger sister. She can see. Ain't no way to say that. I'm just telling you what it, what it says, ma'am. Okay. I'm just reading what it says right there. That definitely doesn't say that. I Know. It's like three words over there.


Definitely not. You know, I went to, I went to Topgolf over the weekend And I took the family to top Golf. Had such a great time at Topgolf. If you get a, a chance to go get, you know, go out there with, bring the whole family. My kids loved it. I know. I don't know how to golf though. I know that much. I was hitting balls left. Right. Like it was baseball. Didn't know what I was doing. What you did. I saw you and Giga with the video of you teaching her how to swing over. I was trying. Oh my God, it's so cute trying To teach your wife how to hit balls, man. Times have changed. Boy, ladies. I know. Y'all got it hard out here, man. God damn. Lord have mercy. What you did This weekend. That is crazy. It's golf ball and the has to teach the woman how to hit balls. Life has really changed. It's golf balls. Okay. What you did this weekend. Not a damn thing. My favorite thing to do. Drop on the cruise bombs for doing nothing.


Nothing. Okay. Absolutely nothing. I watched a fight this weekend. Yes. Oh my God. That fight. Listen, like I, I said last week to LeBron Roach, just in here having a conversation with him. When he was up here when Rock was up here, I was just like, yo, your confidence makes me wanna put a couple dollars on you and Emini here. His confidence showed in the ring. Did you? Nah, I didn't put no money on him, but, but He wouldn't have won. It was a draw. Oh, thanks. I Actually think he wanted to fight. I feel Like he wanted to fight too. That's why I forgot the draw thing. But we, we are gonna talk about that today. But He won. But as I said in the group chat, the weekend was, I was like, I, as I said, the judges either gonna call it a draw or a split decision for Roach. And he called it a draw. Yeah. But I Emini here. I think I seen a draw. No, I think he won to fight. He won to fight just because I, he, he landed more punches.


Tank landed, more power punches. Right. But they should have counted that knee As a knockdown. Yeah. If they would've counted that knee as a knockdown, he definitely would've won. I don't understand how you could pause a fight. And I don't even think tank was hurt, but just the fact you took a knee that should have counted as a knockdown. Yes. Yeah. You can't pause a fight. Like, hold on, let me wipe this sweater out. Like I've never seen that before. You got, you got punched in the face and you weren't hurt, but you did take a knee and that should counted the knockdown. And Ro should have won the fight. Mm. Alright, well we'll talk about that. It was a squabble though. That was aqua. It was a great fight. Alright, well Rizza will be joining us this morning. Rizza. Of course. Wu-Tang is going on the final chamber tour. Right? We're running the on sale right now. Yeah. Run the Jewels will be cohort headlining with them. So we gonna talk to Rza this morning and we have to send a rest in peace to Angie Stone.


She passed away over the weekend. Columbia, south Carolina's own man. Rest in peace to Angie Stone. Yeah. We got a chance to interview her in 2019. And you know what's so crazy? I watched that conversation over the weekend. She's on there, you know, she's talking about a movie she wanted to do in documentary she wanted to do about her life. Because, you know, Angie was, you know, a hip hop pioneer, a neo soul pioneer, r and b icon. Like she had a, she lived a full life. That's Right. Yeah. We're gonna replay that interview this morning unless she stopped through. All right, well let's get the show crack. We got front page news when we come back, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along the road of filling in for Jess.


And let's get in some front page news. Start off quick as some sports, as we were just talking. Avante Davis, Lamont Roach, Jr. It was a draw Saturday night. Great squabble, man. It Was a great fight. Emini Here. I I like, you know, we were watching the fight And I was in the group chat. I'm like, yo, they either gonna call it a draw or they was gonna be a a, a real close decision to for Roach. Yeah. But ended up being a draw. Yeah. Which I think was the right call. I think a draw was the right call. Only thing I just didn't like is, is once you knee, that is a, that is a down, right? That is a not Down. Yeah, it should have been. Right? Yeah. I, I didn't think it was a draw. And I, again, I'm not like the business, I don't know all the technical stuff, but I didn't think, I thought that Lamont Roach won the right, Or Roach was the busier fighter. He was, you know what I'm saying?


He threw 112 total punches. 112 total punches landed in, in David. I think Tank was like 103 or something like that. But Roach was just a busier fighter tank landed more power punches, Roach landed more jabs, more total punches. It was just a good squabble, man. It Was a good fight, I love. But They, that should have been counted as a knockdown. You take a knee in the middle of a fight. I think so. I would love to see him run it back quickly, sooner than later. But anyway, good morning. Morgan King say that's not happening this Year. Yeah, no, I know. He says it's not gonna happen. He said he, I guess he got another fight planned. What's up Morgan? Good morning. DJ Envy Charlamagne, the God and Lauren LaRosa. Happy Monday. How y'all feeling? Feeling? Good. Good, good, good. Less Black and Holly Finn. Good. Alright, y'all. Well, speaking of fights, did y'all see what happened on Friday? We wasn't talking about the bout, but President Trump, he says his meeting with Ukrainian president Zelensky, it did not go well.


So the two had a heated exchange. During a meeting in the Oval Office on Friday, Trump told Zelensky he is in no position to negotiate with Russia, adding that without the US You don't have the cards. Now Trump told Zelensky to make a deal or we're out. Let's take a listen to the exchange between President Trump, Ukrainian, president Zelensky and Vice President JD Vance was also there, but I'll get into his comments in a second. From the very beginning of the war, you're not in a good position. I was, you don't have the cards right now with us. You start having cards, playing cards. Right now you don't, you're playing cards, Mr. President, you're playing very serious. You're gambling with the large millions of people you think you are gambling with World Wari. What you, you're gambling with world Wari and what you're doing is very disre disrespectful to the country, this country.


I'm respect to respect far more than a lot of people said, respect they should have. So Vice President JD Vance also entered the chat and told Zelensky to use his manners saying that he hasn't been grateful for the aid that his country has received from the us. Let's hear those comments from JD Vance, vice President, JD Vance. Have You said thank you once this entire meeting? No, in this entire meeting, have you said thank you today? You went to Pennsylvania and campaigned for the opposition in October. Offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America and the President who's trying to save your Country. Please. Yes. You're saying that if you will speak very loudly about the war, you can, He's not speaking loudly, he's not speaking loudly.


Your country's in big trouble. Can I wait a minute. No, no. You've done a lot of talking. What do you guys think about that exchange? I'm sure you saw the video. What I didn't understand is they was talking to Zelensky, like he invaded Russia and not the other way around. Like, I literally for a second, forgot who started all this. Yeah, like they spoke to Zelensky the way they should be speaking to put the Putin, but Putin is their guy. So, you know, I guess they riding with their homie Emini here. I, I think they spoke to him like he was a child. They didn't speak to him like he was a president. They, they spoke to him like he was beneath them. It just sounded crazy to see somebody. And you didn't even say thank you when they walked in the office. They didn't even let that man speak. They didn't even let him have a conversation. I thought it was totally disrespectful to talk to another president like that. I, I think that one, I don't think it should have be filmed. I think they should have did that behind the doors where they were able to, to squash out and, and get everything out on the table.


I just thought that was really disrespectful. So Zelensky ended up leaving the White House in a hurry without signing that Planned Minerals deal. You know, for the rare earths I thought they uncle filled him. I thought they uncle filled Jazzy Jeff. They didn't throw him out. Threw, yeah, they kicked up. They kicked out. That was the word. They kicked him out to an extent. But he did. He supposedly Zelensky was interested in coming back to try to, you know, do the deal to which Trump was like, nah, you can't come back. Nah. So Zelensky has since released a statement on social media thanking America. He did, you know, issue his, his thanks and his gratitude expressed his gratitude for the visit. And of course last week marked three years since that full scale Russian invasion of Ukraine. So I'll keep you posted in the next hour as to what some of the other leaders around The World are saying about this and what we need to do probably moving forward.


And then I will also get into the comments, those post fight comments from Tank Davis and Lamont Roach. Alright, well thank you. That is front page news. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent call. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest chief calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? Nicole? Hey Nicole. Good morning. Where you calling from? Good morning, DJ interview. I'm calling from Montgomery, Alabama.


Hey, how you feeling this morning? I'm feeling pretty good. How are you? I'm good, I'm good. Get it off your chest. Oh, I wanna say good morning to Jesse, man. Are they there? Peace. How are you? Jeff's not here, but I'm here. How you doing? I, I'm good. Charmagne. I'm good. I wanna give my condo to an stone that was just so terrible to hear. And I actually live in the area so the hospitals and everything was flooded. Everybody was trying to go to them and it's just such a sad situation And I hate to hear all the little conspiracy theories. I feel like when it's your time, it's your time. That's a very dangerous and rugged dark highway that they were on. And at that time of morning, those type of things can happen.


It's a lot of 18 wheelers in our area. You know, Alabama was small so I could totally understand the accident. And I just had a cousin who actually lost her mate in an accident the same way. Oh Wow. That's horrible, man. Emini here. Car accidents when you, they're the worse because like when you hear somebody die of like health issues, you kind of like, okay, they had health issues. But when it's a car accident you feel like, you know, their time got cut short. But like you said, man, when it's your time, it's your time. Yes, exactly. When it's your time, it's your time. And she was actually coming from a Mardi Gras VM Mobile. I had a friend who was there as well. So it was just all drastic to hear. And I personally just love Angie song because I'm like, you Herma. I love Girlfriends man.


So, you know, every time I hear girlfriends I think of Angie. That's right. She did the theme song for girlfriends. Well, thank you for Nicole. Thank you. Y'all have a good day. You have a great morning. You too. Bye-bye. Hello, who's this? Yo, good morning. Good morning. DJ Envy. Charlemagne The Guards is Coach Davis. How y'all doing? Good morning. Hey Coach Davis. How coach? Good morning Man. It's been a minute I've talked to y'all gentlemen. But listen, I'd like to talk about President Zelensky man and, and 47 and his puppet that he had next to him. You know, I'm 51 years old, right? I've seen a lot of presidential meetings in the Oval. You know, that they, they've been put on the news.


I've never in my life seen a vice president in a meeting when we had two world leaders going on, right? And he talked to that man like he was a kindergartner, which was crazy to me. But you know, there's a saying that Kings talk to Kings and Justice stay in their place. And JD Vans is the jester that needed to stay in his place accident, telling this man he should apologize about or, or be thankful the nerve is fool. But you know what I, what I, what caught what I caught President Trump, I hate to call his name, but he said in that meeting, this would make for great teeth. And that's what he wants. He wants tv.


He's not a president man. I don't know how these people voted him in, but you know what they going to f around and find out? Well you right, he is the president, but he also was the executive producer of Celebrity Apprentice. But you know, it is interesting with JD Vance 'cause I'm, I was sitting back thinking like, damn, I ain't even seen JD Vance since they've been in office. I be sitting there all the time and El But I ain't even see that at the cabin meeting. In the cabinet meeting. I ain't even seen JD Van. I'm sure he was dead, but I just haven't seen him. Him. I like, this was the first time I, I could even remember hearing, so I Don't even know where he'd be at. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray.


Ray. Yo, char, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now, tell you what it is. Hello, who's this? Good morning. This is Asha from Brooklyn. Hey, good morning. I'm gonna get it off your chest. I Just, first of all, I'm on FaceTime getting through, so I'm super excited. I wanna give a shout out to you all. I listen to you all every morning. I am a Uber bus driver from Brooklyn, New York, And I threw mobile notary on the side. So I just went to say good morning And I wanted to get off my chest how much they taxed in New York City.


I just woke up yesterday morning and they freaking towed my car. And they are trying to charge me like $800 just to get my car back. And it's like completely ridiculous because they charge you to, they charge you a towing fee. They charge you a storage fee even when they're closed. And it's just ridiculous. And it's so sad because, you know, we really out here trying to make ends meet and they just trying to practice and practice and practice to everything. So Why they tow you? Your car? You guys don't my they tow my car because I have to renew my registration. That's fair. That's, Yeah, so exactly. And they just, they, I woke up yesterday morning, I checked my air tag and my car was gone.


So that's Crazy. And and registration what, $70? $71, something like that. $50? Yeah, it's, and then also it also depends on how long it has been inspired for, but they usually give you up to again, to renew it. But I just wasn't expecting them to like, you know, just up until the car over there. Like that's ridiculous. Yeah, that's crazy. So now you gotta pay $850 for a a $50 registration. Yes. And then they charge you every day for Storage. Exactly. So I did wanna say if I could throw my cash app out there because like, it is really hard. Go ahead mama. My cash app is S-H-A-Y-A-A-J-A-Y-Y if anyone wants to help me because I'm really out here trying and, you know, I have a lot of God hustles, but it's like a really hard time to stay afloat out here.


All right mama. Good luck. Thank You. Oh, And I wanna say hi to Travis. I listen, see you guys every morning and Travis has me tracking up to speak to you guys, so keep it up And I love you all and have a great day. Peace. Bye-bye now. Thank you. Hello. Who's this De what's going on? Envy. Hey, what's up? Get it off your chest Dee. Hey, I just wanna say good morning to The Breakfast Club. I listen to y'all every morning. Lauren, LA Rosa. You be killing it Charlie man. And I love you envy. I love you. I just wanna comment on the front page though. Go ahead. The news about with Zelensky and Trump and everything, it's 45 minutes worth of conversation. And actually Trump was very nice and very quiet for a lot of the time until Zelensky threatened us and said, we ain't gonna feel it now, but you'll feel it later 'cause we got this big beautiful ocean that's protecting us.


And then that's when Trump went off. So I want y'all, And I, I, I agree and disagree with everything Emini here. People have a right to agree and disagree on everything, but if you going get a news, get a whole story and not just, And I know we don't have necessarily time for it, but we always focus in on a negative. And it's always like an attack. It's like, stand up for America because this is where we are. If people don't like where America, love America as a country and that's where they're born and where their roots are, people can leave. I don't want that. Don't nobody wants that. But don't you think, but it's like, don't you think the what?


Stand for America. Don't you think the representation of America matters though? Especially you know when imagine, oh, I agree Charlamagne a hundred percent. Imagine if you was an American ally and you saw that. Could you trust America at this point? Would you trust, would I Trust America for walking us into a war that they couldn't win? Whatcha Talking about that is horrible. People's lives are being lost and it's like that's more important than anything than land. You can't replace lives and people are going in on him for wanting people to stop being killed. No, I don't think that's the reason people are going in on him. I think we all want the war to be be stopped. But we also have to remember who started the war.


You do know Russia started the war, right? Oh yeah. Russia started the war, but who provoked the war? Let's keep going back to where did all of that. It was a cold war before there was actually a war. I have no idea what you're talking about anymore. Okay? I just don't. I'm not, I don't. Well Thank you for checking in and thank you for listening. I love y'all though. I love you too. Love you back. I have no idea what you're talking about. I'm not, I can't do it. I'm not gonna have a conversation with somebody if I don't know what she's talking about. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the mess coming up. We Do. We are gonna, you know, take some time to send some love to the family of Angie Stone who passed away over the weekend and just, you know, talk through just some of her big moments and things to remember. Show with some love.


Alright, we'll get into that. Next's, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It is the dj, NV Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long LA filling in for Jess. Let's get to the Mess, Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren Osa Badass And I got the Mess Talk, talk to me. So we do wanna take the time to send a rest in peace to Miss Angie Stone. Man, that is a cra like that. This weekend when that happened, this really, really, really caught me off guard.


Grammy nominated and Soul Train, award-winning singer, songwriter, actress, producer, mother, just a trailblazer and everything that she did. One of the pioneers of female rap. And so let, let, let's first talk about like what happened. So over the weekend, things started circulating on online because her, I believe it was her daughter had posted like, my mother is gone. So people were like, wait, what's happening right now? Then there had been some conversation about a possible car accident. When I got the call, I reached out to her publicist, her name is Ms. Deborah Champagne. She's been a publicist and a friend for over 14 years to Angie Stone, who then, you know, confirmed to me that Angie Stone had passed away in a tragic car accident.


Mm. It was actually a sprinter that she was in. She was one of nine people in a sprinter in Alabama. They were traveling from a show that she had done in Alabama to Baltimore, CIAA weekend. 'cause she had some, had some stuff that she was gonna do there as well. And she was the only person, as of now, she was the only person in the sprinter that passed away. And how many people were in the Sprinter? Do we Know? Nine people. Wow. Tragic Man. Yeah. Nine people. Now, when I talked to Miss Deborah of, of course it was very emotional for her. And she, what she told me was that, you know, she had just talked to Angie Stone the night prior, right before Angie Stone was about to go on stage. She said she talked to her around like a little bit after eight or nine o'clock. And Angie had told her, you know, I'm about to go on stage, I gotta call you back, but I'll see you tomorrow in Baltimore.


She was literally getting, her rep was literally getting ready to head to Baltimore to meet Angie and then got her phone started ringing crazy. So she was in tears when she was talking to me. Wow. And she just, she wanted to make sure that we took the time to, you know, just go through all of her career accolades and just lead the light on The World the way that Angie Stone would want to. She said, specifically said to me, The Breakfast Club does a great job of what they do, so we can call her for anything when it comes to this. So let's take the time to do that. So, oh, You can't do it in 10 minutes. I can't do it in 10 minutes, but I'm gonna try to do her career span across so much. But I'm gonna try to do the best that I can right now. So, and Not to cut you off, just telling people that we are gonna be playing her interview that we did with her in 2019 when she came up here and she broke down a lot of our history.


We're gonna be playing that We Down a lot of our history. I watched, I watched it. I I rewatched it this weekend. You know, just because, and, and, and literally like she talks about wanting to do a movie about her life Yeah. And the documentary. And there was a lot of things she didn't even wanna fully get into because she was like, this is gonna be for the movie. This is gonna be for Be for the movie. Yeah. Yep. So we're gonna do that in the, in the eight o'clock hour. Got you. And I did look up that what she was talking about. God, watch that interview too. It says that it was still in development. So I'm gonna try and figure out like where that left off too and see if there's anything that we could talk about there eventually. But yeah, so Angie Stone, she was born in Columbia, South Carolina, Carolina. She was nominated 8 0 3, nominated for three Grammys. She won two Soul Train awards. Like I mentioned, one of the, the pioneers of female rap. She started her career in the hip hop group, the sequence in the seventies with the song Funk You Up where she was Angie b on that record.


First Female hip hop group of all time. First female hip hop group to go gold. Yeah. Yeah. And I think a lot of, when I watched the interview I was like, oh shoot, I didn't know that. I Didn't know during the interview, you see I was surpris if you watched The interview. Yeah, you were. Yep. You were. She leaves behind Angie Stone leaves behind her two children, diamond and Michael Diamond is her daughter and the mother of her two grandchildren. And then Michael is her son now her songs, let's go get into her catalog again. We can't do everything. But if we're talking catalog, there's so many big songs that she had No More Rain, which was off of her debut album, black Diamond in 1999. This album with Gold as well too. Wish I didn't miss You. It's My favorite one Right there from her second album, mahogany Soul. She Has Brother, she also is the voice of the girlfriend's theme song, which I watched a lot of people learn in real time over this weekend as well too.


Oh God. Which is, yeah, I knew That. But I forget, I'm old. I knew that Though. And a girlfriend's fanatic and, and Angie's from Columbia, South Carolina. So I'm not knocking anybody who didn't know that. Yeah. There was a lot of people who didn't know. I think I, yes I knew because I, because I'm so into the interviews. He talks About it All the time. Exactly. Emini here. He's a big fan of the show as well too. But he's a girlfriend. She talks about it all the time. And, And I remember watching Interview where she talks about, they, they literally told her when they didn't play her rift, the the ratings on the show would go down for that episode. So whenever they did play the Rift, they, they called it the Good Luck Tron for the Girlfriend's show. So she's talked about that as well. So yeah, I just wanted to take that time. And we do have some of her music that, you know, I wanna make sure that we get to, to play. Wow. Tragic Man. Tragic, tragic, Tragic. So many records. Yeah. So tragic. God bless the soul of Angie Stone.


It's just a reminder that when it's your time, it's your time. 'cause you know, you, you in a vehicle where you say what eight other people Yeah. And you the only one who passed. You can't question God when it's your time, you know? That's right. Literally, you can be here with somebody today and they're gone tomorrow. So don't take anybody or, or any moment for granted at all. Yeah. And God bless her family man. Yeah, A hundred percent. She was 63 years old. I'm not for sure if I said that at the beginning, but I wanted to make sure I said that as well too. I, I imagine how all the folks that was in the vehicle with her feel Mm. Yeah. Jesus Christ. You know what I'm saying? You, you, you grateful that your life was, your life was bad. But then you grieving because you, Angie's Angie's gone. Yeah. My God, man. Just God bless the soul.


Angie's stone man. Yeah. Send in some prayer prayers for the other people that were in that vehicle. 'cause that the, the accident did looked pretty horrible. So


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill ladies. I got, I got it. No, I got it. Seriously, seriously, I insist, I insisted first, first of don't be silly. Oh, don't be silly you don't. Silly don't be Silly. People with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper scissors for it. Rock Paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you


Look crazy. Yeah. Hip hop pioneer, Neo Soul Pioneer, r and b icon, South Carolina legend. Drop on a Clue Bonds for Angie Stone. Absolutely. Alright, well that is the mess. And at 8:00 AM we will be playing back our competition that we had with Angie Stone in 2019. 2019. That's right. Some People are just like fairy tales. I feel like she's one of them. It's, it is really crazy to be saying RIP to, you know, even though she's lived a very full life, it's just I still am like that's so crazy. Emini here, 63 is still young though. Yeah, 63 is young. But it's just like, you don't, he I would never, I thought it was a lie. I just knew this was like something Twitter created until I called her rep. Because Any type of accident is always so abrupt. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, And I'm not saying like when you, when you die of health issues, it can be abrupt too.


But like, you know, when you feel, when you hear like a car accident or, you know, Nothing was planned, it was just like Yeah. Day. It just, it just feel like, it just, it just feels like things were cut short. Correct. But no, when it's your time. Yeah, it's your time. Alright. All right. When we come back, we got front page news, so don't go anywhere. And again, we're gonna be replaying our Angie Stone interview from 2019 in eight o'clock hour. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Nv Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa feeling. And for Jess, let's getting some front page news now over the weekend, the fight Javante Davis, Lamont Roach Jr. Ended in a draw.


Good Squabble. Emini here. Good. Squabble Emini here. I think, I think Draw was the right call. I think so too. You know, when, when I, when I immediately, when the fight was over, you know, I was thinking to myself, okay, they either gonna call it a draw or it's gonna be a, a, a split decision that leans towards Roach. So, you know, when they call Draw, I I thought that was the right call. Yeah. Even though they should have counted Tank taking that knee as a knockdown. They do that. Roach wins the fight. Yeah, he definitely wins the fight. And, and you know, I'm a casual boxing fan, like I'm not a boxer boxer boxer fan, but when I seen it, I thought that, you know, when you take a knee that's a knockdown. A hundred percent is a knockdown. It should have been counted as a knockdown. Can't call a timeout. He actually could have the ref actually could have called the fight because if you take a knee and then you run to your corner like that. Yeah. That's, that's like quitting.


Yeah. Most people thought that that was what was gonna happen after like when he went to the corner. I thought it was over too. Yeah, well he did say that there was, he got his hair braided and the grease was in his eye and then he wanted to wipe that out of his eye. There was a lack of focus from Tank. The whole fight that I saw though, right. Even the way he was chatting with the referee and everything. Like, I, like it was just, I, I don't know. He didn't look, he didn't look like himself and He always be running to the side looking for his people. But I felt like he, like when he was doing that as well, I'm like, did he, is he like, did he, I think he underestimated it a little bit. And I was very impressed at the way Roach was able to take tank's power because Tank was landing some shots and Roach was eating them. Like, okay, he didn't even know. Well good morning Morgan. Good morning. I'm like, dang, can I get in in this conversation just a little bit?


If for anything they should bring it back to the DMV. You know what I'm saying? We got MGM, we got convention centers, we got, you know what I'm saying? So Barclays was cool, but everything, yeah. So the reigning WWBA lightweight champion Javonte Davis and Lamont Roach, they clashed in the bout ending in a controversial draw. And as previously mentioned as you guys talked about it, it wasn't Controversial. See, you see the DV bias? No, it, it wasn't controversial. It's controversial. People are people, there's so many people that like, what the heck happened? Controversial People feel like because They Feel like he shoulda lost. They feel Like He was able To get back up in that fight went on. It was controversial. I'm like, dang, let me get into it. Okay, so as previously mentioned, y'all, y'all talked about the knee that tank took in the ninth round that was not ruled a knockout by referee Steve Willis.


But to your point, envy, let's take a listen to tank's. Reason why he took that knee. I just got my hand done two days ago and she picked grease in my, was like, you know, like when you sweating and things like that and the grease come in my, my face it burn my eyes type. Damn why Y'all like I'm saying this is real facts. Come on man. Done. But all cool, man, you know how, you know how I get they, they, they love you and then they hate You. Excuses like that always sound weak in boxing. You know what Emini here, like the only excuses that work in boxing is if you actually get hurt. Like if your hand gets hurt in the ring or it's like, so like there's an actual injury.


When you say things like, grease fell in my eye. Or when Deontay Wilder said his, his, his, his, his outfit that he wore to the ring was too heavy. So his legs was tight. Like stuff like that would be sound of crazy. I I will say this though, he didn't, he wasn't phased. It's not like he, he ran to the corner to get some extra help. He looked fine. You Don't feel like a little boy a little bit in that fight. He gave a little bit of daze a little bit. Like he was a little, I don't, yeah, he legit little shaky a little bit. Not during that point. Not when he took that D though. But also too, the hairstylist said that that's not what happened. She did his hair Wednesday and she posted that the, and he's done so much substance Wednesday. Wednesday, she said the grease in question, it literally says no grease, no alcohol, no flaking, no wax. So Something happened, like I, I don't know how hard that punch was. Ro Roach hit him with It didn't seem like it was that hard, but it it, it did something.


Well, let's hear from Lamont Roach. He also spoke after the fight saying he put belt to butt. Let's hear those comments from Lamont Roach. I'm him. I'm telling you that I'm one of the best fighters in The World, man, And I, and showed tonight. I don't, he probably wasn't willing when he said that Grease got in his eye. But if you voluntarily take a knee and the rest start counting, it should be a knockdown. If that's a knockdown, I win to fight. So Emini here, it is what it is. I'm not counting, I'm not banking on that knockdown to win. I just, you know, just, I just thought I pulled it out. What happens next? I wanna run it back for a show. So as a ref, fight, as a result of this fight Now tank Date Tank's record is no longer perfect. It was the 30 and oh. But now he has that one draw and, but at least he gets to hold on to his title.


So to y'all guys pointing to the point of the the fighters, they wanna run it back and we'll see what happens again. And I'm sure it'll be highly, highly anticipated. If it's not gonna be in the DMV, it gotta be in Vegas. So I don't know. But speaking of fights, let's get back on the topic of Zelensky and Trump. European leaders are pledging billions in support to Ukraine following the emergency summit on, in London on Sunday. Now, British Prime Minister Kiir Almer, he said UK, France and others will work to figure out a plan to stop the fighting and present it to President Trump. He also rejected a suggestion by a reporter that the US is not a reliable ally after President Trump's heated exchange with Ukrainian president Zelensky in the OBA office. So let's hear more from UK Prime minister ake s stammer Together with others Europe must do the heavy listing.


But to support peace in our continent and to succeed this effort must have strong US backing. Nobody wanted to see what happened last Friday, but I do not accept that the US is an unreliable ally. The US has been a reliable ally to the UK for many, many decades and continues to be Well that's good, that's good. He still has faith in the u the us to be a good ally because, you know, IIII can see, you know, people all over the country, Emini here, people all over The World, you know, stocking up on nuclear weapons are creating, you know, new nuclear weapons just because they may not feel, feel, feel safe. They may not feel like the US is a reliable ally.


So I'm glad that they still do. Well, South Carolina, Senator Lindsey Graham, he also entered the chatter. You know, there's a lot of reaction to all of this. He said that a message was sent and he's proud of how the president handled it. Meanwhile, Arizona Democratic Senator Mark Kelly, he said, this is not good. And said the exchange was performative. Let's hear the comments from them. I've Never been more proud of President Trump for showing the American people in The World You don't trifle with this man. You know, saying thank you in the Oval Office being put on the spot like that is, you know, it seemed to me that it was just, you know, JD Van saying, Hey look what I can do, dad. Well Look you guys, it's a lot going on. So lemme just try to wrap this thing up with a bow's. Other news going on in South Carolina, the state is currently under a state of emergency as wildfires ravaged the state Governor Henry McMaster, he made the declaration on Sunday as one of the largest fires threatens residents in the Myrtle Beach area.


Now the fire in the Carolina Forest has burned over a thousand acres and is 0% contained as of last check. Meanwhile, the North Carolina Fire Service wildfire in Polk County has destroyed at least 400 acres and it's also 0% contained as of last checkup. More than 170 wildfires have erupted across both states. Blackening a combined 4,200 acres enforcing mass evacuations. It's crazy because usually, you know, South Carolina, North Carolina doesn't deal with these type of situations. We were just seeming to wrap up what was going on, the devastating wildfires that impacted la So do you guys have any thoughts on this, Charlemagne? I know that's where you're from. I I I've never heard of South Carolina wildfires in my life, but you know, my definitely sending prayers and, and and positive energy out there.


Everybody in Myrtle Beach, that's that to deal with that at this moment. Absolutely. Alright you guys, there's so much more to talk about. But at the end of the day, the day going end, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me at Morgan Media for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com. Let's make it a great week. Alright, thank you Morgan. Thank you. Now when we come back, Rizza will be joining us. Of course. Rizza from Wu-Tang. They're going on the final tour. Wu-Tang forever. The final chapter ticket to on sale right now. And we gonna talk to Rizza when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building, The legend Rizza. He's here back. Welcome Bong Bong back in the building. How you feeling brother? I feel super good. Yeah. Yeah. Everything is lovely. I see y you guys are back on tour. Yes indeed. Retain clan, the final chamber. And How difficult was that to put Together? Not as difficult as it used to be. You know what, Emini here. But nah, this is our last chance to run around the globe together. And it kind of was everybody you know, agreed that it was the time we started thinking of a name. Everybody's like this one, that, that, that, that. The final chamber. Sorry, let's end with that B bunk. Here we are. Why the final chamber though? Like how do you know you putting the period on this on?


Is it just for the tour or just Wu-Tang in general? Oh no, for the Emini here. Wu Tang's. Forever. Forever. That's why also, that's why we see we put that Wu-Tang forever in there because it's, you know, Wu-Tang is beyond just our physical presence of it. You know what Emini here, but far as us coming together and coming to your city, all nine members on stage. You know what Emini here, you know when you get your ticket, you getting all, you getting that, you know what Emini here because sometimes you go to a woo show, you might get four, five, you know what Emini here. So this is like, nah, here we all are clear your schedule for this, you know what, Emini here and just run around the globe one more time together. So we'll start right here in America, you know, then shoot across the water. You know what Emini here show some love and just kind of best way I could say it is take off that it's kind of a burden to all come together.


You know what Emini here because everybody gotta life a job or something going on in their lives. And so what we said when that woo that sign go up, we all come and the sign went up and everybody's here. Did the residency make it easier for everybody to say, yo, we can do this. The residency helped, but even at the residency we had some absentees. You know what Emini here. So, but it really helped 'cause it really helped just that consistency of coming together, the, the consistency of our brotherhood. Our brotherhood really never, never diminished over the years. And I think for Wu-Tang, we represent community unity. You know, so many of us was inspired by like, yo, the, the W is like yo, your whole neighborhood on stage, you know what Emini here.


And I think that we could use that right now. I think, you know what Emini here, like even artistically for the, for the culture, we could come in and look at the example of the Woo. Yeah. So the time is now, you know what Emini here. Now I, I seen in the interview that you said you went to each member and said, what do you want to be on this tour? What do you need? And you was able to give everybody that. How difficult was that and and was there anybody that you couldn't give what they wanted? Nah, at the end of the day, you know, you gotta be satisfied, right? So we know we deal with mathematics, right? And we know that when there's dissatisfaction it breeds confusion, right? They say, you know, even when 70% of the people were satisfied, the other 30% was dissatisfied and that other 30% went and started their own.


And now you got competition. So you gotta strive to reach satisfaction. And satisfaction is when someone can say, yo, for me, you know, I don't care if it's just like, yo, I just want bananas every night in my, in my dressing room. That's what he want. You know what? Emini here just accommodate that. Gotcha. Just accommodate the comfortability because I know, I see it different. My brother Dev Divine see a different, our whole management team. We know that when you are going out on the road, you leaving your family, you know what Emini here, you leaving with you. Your routine of life. And so we want to make you as comfortable as possible. So this is becomes a moment of joy versus a moment of work. Are you confident that every single member is gonna show up for the show? Emini here, I'm confident for confidence sake, you know, Emini here, of course I'm confident, you know what Emini here, but you know this, this is life.


You know what Emini here, you can make a wrong turn on the 95 end up in a small town for the night. You know what, Emini here, but nah, Emini here, far as the intention, it's all about intention and the, and the intention. Everybody is intending to be here. So if there's the glitch in the Matrix, you know, we'll deal with it. Right? And and there's a album to come with this too. No, no, no. Emini here. Alarm Mathematics has a new album that he's, he's he put together called Black Sansom. He got a new song called Mandingo. He took all like the black exploitation and kung fu movies and did an album and got the entire Wutang clan MCs on it got Benny De Butcher Cool G just one of those law mathematics albums. We, it's, that's dope. And he, so that's ironically is coming out around the same time.


But it wasn't like a, a strategy plan. It was just like he finished it at the time when the, when the, when the tour is about to happen. So that's a blessing for him. And then I did hear, I could say this on the air, I did hear some of Quan's new album too. He Ooh, yeah, yeah, Yeah. One of those. Yeah. I'm excited to hear what, so hopefully he gets that out before the tour drops. And Bon b are you involved in Ray's new album? Just, you know, I'm the Abbot. You know what? Emini here, he's the guy. It comes to the temple and see if the avid you know, one add some flavor to it or give some wisdom or advice. You know what Emini here, but he's the foundation of it. He came to me right before the, right during the holidays when he felt like he had a nice, I just call it a body of work.


Yeah, body of work. I was gonna call it dough. Like piece of dough. You got a mold that, you know what Emini here, but yeah. Now, and we vibed out, listened to it twice and then said, ah, yeah, I, I had some vision and share my vision. But you know, that's, it's him doing it. Quan's always, you know, he's a general always, you know, know how to lead himself. But then also as a general, you know, as wise to check in with the Abbott and be like, yo, yo Abbot, what's your, what's your 2 cents on this? Who was the most difficult to get to do this? And not because of them being difficult, but maybe because of scheduling, right? You got meth that's acting. You are acting and producing. You got Rayquan that owns a bunch of businesses and, and these brothers leaving their families. Who was the most difficult to get? It was like, this is gonna be a little tough, You know, I won't say difficult, but you know who, who does the most shows out of all of us?


Who's that ghost, right? No, the Jer. Oh word. Listen, the Jer is, he's like a jazz musician, yo. It's like, you call him yo gonna do the Red Resume. He say, oh, I got 40 shows over. I'm going to Europe or yo I'm going to 20 shows in Canada. Wow. He just Emini here. He stays that Liquid Sword album. Arguably one of the best hip hop albums of all time too. Absolutely. Absolutely. It's just go, go. So you gotta check his schedule 'cause he definitely is knocking a hundred, 150 shows out a year. And so we actually had to pace and wait for it. And I person, he had to wait for them because he was on tour. Yeah. And I gave him a call, like, like how's your schedule for this year. Like, you know what, Emini here, he was like, I'm good.


All I I need this much time right here. And bu this one, yeah. Gave me his word. I wanna get back to the, to, I want to ask you about Liqui sauce since we on it. 'cause we was having a whole debate last night in the group chat just about Wu-Tang songs. Wu-Tang music. 'cause you know, my guy B dot put out a top 10 greatest Wu-Tang records. And on Liquid Swords Cold World LA it goes cold world labels fourth chamber in the shadow boxing. That's probably one of the greatest sequences on a album. Do you, do you remember arranging that? Yeah, definitely. Okay. Definitely. That was my, that's, that's one of my specialties, I think. Not no one then, right? The natural ability of editing or having a through line of storytelling. But it was always been my personality.


And at that time it was only expressed with music. Mm. Now it's being expressed And I, I direct films and TV shows and all that. But it was, it was the, it's the, it was the same type of energy. Like I could feel the way it go. I could feel when the listener is listening, it's like, oh yo, I want your emotion to rise up. Get 'em up. Because by the time you got the fourth chamber, you, you driving, you, you, you might get a ticket. You know what Emini here And I, And I, I, I wanted, you know, you know how you feel that right here? Yeah. I, I always strive to get that feeling. To have your spine for the, like I said, the lyrics. I said March of the wooden soldier. YP of punk. Try to hold us a thousand men west. And I wonder, hold us ler to the square. We stand through like flare escape. Escape from dragons.


In particular. My beats travel like a vortex up your spine to the top of your re cortex. That's, that's my, that's my goal is to hit you. Bam. Then I'm good. All we got more with Rizza when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lord. The Rosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Rizza. The final tour, the final Wu-Tang Forever tour. The final chapter ticket to on sale right now. And we're still kicking it with Rizza. Charlamagne. When the Last time you listened to your verse on fourth chamber, because it's so relevant to the date. That's why I Emini here. Nah, Emini here. I've been, I'm, I'm I'm back into the study of what?


Of everything of right now. You know, this tour, first of all, we got special guests. Run the jewels. Run the jewels. And so it's like this is gonna be a lyrical tour. You know what Emini here, it's gonna be one of those tours that you know, you gonna get your sweat off guarantee. You gonna get your jumps, you gonna get your, your classics. But it's gonna be those moments. You're gonna be like, I needed that. You know what Emini here, because you know, words in the beginning was the word and the word became flesh. And so those words are healing, you know, we needed it. I had something I was gonna say to y'all this morning. A law of segregation and discrimination is a sickness to any nation. When you deny a portion of the population the chance to experience the elevation, it will only lead to the decimation of your system. And the next generation will pay for the mistake that will result in economic inflation.


Ghetto living, innocent black Latinos and European immigrants stuffed inside housing tenements, low income recipients, they gotta choose between the food or the rent. Neighborhoods are cramped like POW camps and Exmark, the spot where the insidious policies were stamped. Bad health increase in bad policing and his gentrification. And Michael and Brad is leasing at night. They feel fright from the dimly lit street lights. My man g he could beef and fight, but he couldn't eat right loud sounds echoing gunshots. He couldn't sleep. Right. Wow. What a life when your life ain't worth for loaf of bread or a box of white rice. Mm yeah. Blessed be the meek. It said turn the of the cheek. But Jay B just knocked him out with a sneaky. Right. It put him off his feet.


It could come last, it could come fast in the blast. Knock your senses back to the past. It's like old popping sounds or big brass section. You hear from old jazz. Me, I stick to a piano key speak from a low, a minor to a soprano. EBOB Mr the Abbott mc. Oh, you getting back in the booth then? 'cause it sounds like you, you ready? It ain't, you know, whether it's in the booth or not, this tour, like I said, this is like, this is that moment for for the woo that w that wisdom, that u that unpredictability. Like let's, let's get that back into the system. You know? I honestly feel that Woo is like a part of hip hop culture that's needed, you know, what Emini here and whether we could be the ones that continue to physically do it, or some young brothers are listening and they pick it up and they come and bring that wave.


Like there's a, there's some young brothers I know coach. Y'all been seeing them. Hell yeah. Yeah. You know what? Emini here, good flows, good style, good everything. They, once they start injecting a little more wisdom into that, you know, hip hop needs that, you know what Emini here, it ain't all just about all like money, guns and, and, and sex and drugs. You know what Emini here, that's a portion of it. Not, but it's not the, it's not all of it. I saw you say something recently where you said hot 97 banning Wu Tang's music contributed to I guess not just the decline of the group, but just the decline of Yeah. York sound and everything. Guaranteed. Yeah. Emini here, you know, we could date that, you know what Emini here, we could look at it and see it happening because when you're dealing with business, like all of us, you know, we, we got jobs, right?


And so we gotta come in and do our job. If the dude say they painted blue and you the painter, you got paint it blue. Right? Right, right. Even though, you know, like, man, this blue was going to really turn everybody away, or it's really the paint got led in it or whatever. You still gotta stick to the job. And I think like at that time, and even maybe in that people were scared to fight for each other. You know what Emini here, that's, and that's been one of our issues, I think as, as our culture. There was a point when the culture, because of money we did, started accepting each other. I remember when, when like Master P and them would come to New York and we accepted it. You know what Emini here? When Dre and Snoop and Ice Cube, we accepted it. You know, first we accept it from the music, right? And that be, that's private. But then when the money, when somebody's blowing money, then you accept it because of the money.


And so now you admiring him because of his money, but not because of his skill or because of the culture. You know what? Emini here. So when that starts happening, it's almost like you're diminishing the culture because of the money. So yeah, a dude could make a hit at the end of the day. We talk about hip hop hits. Hammer, hammer had hits baby. Hell yeah. Okay. He was, he was going diamond and, and people didn't accept that as hip hop for some reason back then. Even worse than that. Right. And I know I was pretty hard on him or myself, so I'm gonna act like I wasn't, you know, 'cause I was on some, right? But we don't even give him his accolades. So he, he opened the door at the end of the day. We made fun of Emini here for commercial success. We did all that. But yeah. Yeah. He, he'll help. He See, that's why I say a law is ful. He takes a flaw.


Let me give you a quick metaphor. I won't go too deep, but let's look at two of our greatest, our greatest artists, right? 50 cent. And I'm gonna say yay. Both caught a flaw in their jaw, right? One from a car and one from a tragic street incident. But both now develop a tone that attracts The World. So from a flaw in the jaw, Allah blesses them more. It's like, it's like, it's like, nah. Now you come back and, and it's like this whole swag it whole everything. It's sharpened without even knowing. So hip hop itself, they say the dj the dude was like, he said he was in his crib, one of the old DJs, right? He's in the crib and his mom's coming and he holds the record, huh? And she's like, no, turn it down, blah, blah, blah.


He's like, check, check. Holding it now the scratch is invented. That's crazy. You know what, Emini here from a floor. You ever had one of those? So many, to be quite frank, it's just like, sometimes you could go to your, to your, to your beat machine and it just glitches out. You know what Emini here, I feel like method, man, the original drum where it happened was almost like a glitch out. But I liked it then I just emulated it. I emulated the mistake. I think it, no, not that the pat put the pat the pat. It's like that's the, that's the bounce of it. So then, so when a guy like him got the, got it there on the mic, he, he saw riding his, riding his horse. You know what Emini here, but there's others.


It, it just happens like that. You know, when, where Flaw Emini here, even if you think about shame, right? Emini here Dirty came in late to the studio, but he did that verse, right? One take. And then he is like, shame. Ow. That was like, He just, he says, I said no, nah, nah, nah, go through it over. He said, nah, God, they gonna love it. Wow. I said, all right. He was right. Exactly. You Emini here. I actually, actually, I learned from that. Like let be, that was the one take and one take hu one hut, two hut, three hut. I threw that, but got through all of that. Wow. You know what, Emini here, that's one thing about Dirty. If you could talk about him for a moment, shout out to YDB, he'll be on the tour with us. He'll be, that's his son, right? That's his son, his firstborn son, bar son.


He'll be on the tour doing his father verses for us. He's, he's been doing it for years and he's been doing a great job. But one thing about Dirty, he almost never say the lyric the same way twice. If he did it shi me, shi me. Y'all send me Yam shi meye, next time you do it, he's not gonna do it like that. Right. He's almost like a, once again, like a jazz musician. He just goes with the spirit. You know what Emini here. And he'll tell he'll, he'll say a rhyme that we wrote when we was 14 years old. And then he was saying it during the Woo era and eating S up because how Go have the mic now Damager and like you listen to his album, that lyric is on the album twice. Yeah. Right. Songs. Yeah, yeah. Right. Because it was more of a performance, more of a energy that he would bring versus just the lyrical content.


But he was very special and I think he helped bring freedom. The hip hop expression. Do you, do you ever Remember those records that you lost in the flood? Did you ever get any of that or, or were able to produce that over or any of that at all? Nothing ever came back like it, like it was actually, I'm glad you mentioned that MV we're building this time capsule for the tour and we are gonna invite our fans, you know, to come out and somebody will win every night where they, you could take something from your Woo nostalgia or your Woo history and put it in this time capsule and we don't know where we gonna put it at. We know I might bury it somewhere, I might put it in a museum, but I'm gonna collect something from every, you know, city, from somebody. But the first thing I'm gonna put in there, And I shout I'm not, I'm kind of telling you for the first time, because I was gonna surprise, I'm gonna take those discs that had inspected Decks album and I'm gonna put it in that time capsule.


Wow. And if somebody find it years later and open it up and figure out the, you know, if technology could get all that or whatever is on it. Bung bang. I'm shocked you don't have that now. There's no technology that can get that now. Hasn't happened. We took dma. No, they d they they snuck a few out and tried to do it. You know what Emini here because it's on floppy dish. Yo. They took it to the NASA people and then get it, get out. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. Alright, we got more with Rizza when we come back. The Wu-Tang tour, the final chapter ticket to On sale right now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. The Rizza is here now. That one album, I can't remember his name that the gentleman bought.


Y Martin Sly. Yeah, Martin Sulley. Did you ever get that album back? 'cause I know there was a fight to get it back. Did you ever get it Back? Not personally, but it's owned by a group of people called Pleaser Doo. It continues to increase in value and have his own life. Emini here they bought it for like 4 million. And now there's people talking about like a whole nother thing of what it could be. So it's kind of one of those things to have a life of its own. Are we ever gonna hear that? Or that's part of the deal that they can never play it publicly. Actually, I'm striving now at this phase since, since we are, you know, at this age and kind of figure out something Emini here. The, the thing was, yeah, it was like not to be, it can't be commercialized like for 88 years. You know what, Emini here.


So, So it can't be sold, it can't be on on like, it That it can't be commercial, it can't be commercialized, Streaming service. Nothing. You could Give it away. I told Mr. S Scarelli that in the beginning. I was like, yo, especially, just to give you a little backstory on that, I met him before he became the most evilest man in The World. Remember? They had like the most evilest man in The World. So I met him before he became Lex Luther. You know what Emini here up And, you know, we sat down and he was telling me, you know, he, yo I'm a Woo And I love 50 cent. I I love hip hop Rayquan, some of his lyrics has made me do business things. And he, he had a whole plan. He was gonna buy this enigma machine. I don't know if you know what the enigma machines are. We Don't Uhuh.


Those are the decoding machines they use to make in World War ii. When they had to figure out, in fact it, it led to the computer. So he wants, and all the turning papers. Who was the guy who basically invented the computer? He was, he was in the Woo album. He was like, I'm gonna get all these things and he going to do something. I said, okay, what the gonna do? But he had a plan, whatever, what he was going do, boom. And then when he, when went negative on him, like maybe a few months later, I I, I saw it on tv. I saw him on the news. I said, I was telling my wife, yo, that's the guy that we selling the album to. She said, oh, I wouldn't sell it to him. I said, oh no, it's already like a deal. Even though it wasn't, the money didn't exchange hands, it was already a deal and was in contract for him. So I was like, nah, Emini here.


I sat down with him. I told him yes. So now we it except the day that he gets it. And you know, he got, he got a lot of security, everything, you know, and they kind of, he has some, some big dudes with him. And I said, said, let me talk to him for a moment by himself.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I it. No, I got it. Seriously. I insist. I insist first. At first. I'm don't silly. Don't be silly you don't. Silly don't be silly.


People with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, rock paper, scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com and use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Hey everybody. So when you get asked what is odu, what comes to mind? Well, I'll tell you, ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say that Ooo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. Oh, but then again, you could look at ooo in terms of how its individual software programs are a lot like building blocks, whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what does Ooo, well ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. Yeah, that's It. Which means that ooo is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Oh, come here kid. You still a kid to me. So I'm like, yo, listen, if I was you, I would just give this away to The World. Like do something good. 'cause people were saying like, you bad right now. He was like, just smiled at me. It went worse. It went worse. Yeah. So, but I think that that'd be a beautiful thing if it, if it was a way to give it or Yeah, I just think it, it'd be nice to share it. You know what B did these so I'm gonna read you these. Top 10 best Wu-Tang songs. He had number 10. Wu-Tang Ain't Nothing No with number nine, win Wars. Number eight, mystery of Chess. Boxing Number seven. Reunited number six is yours. Number five, protect your neck. Number four, can it be also simple? Number three, ice cream number two trying number one cream.


We started flaming them in the group chat. We just, just, it's not a good list. I that we, that's his list. That's his list. That's his list. His list. But then like very commercialized. Oh there's be that right there. Happen to be there. What up Yo? But we saying Impossible is one of those songs that should be on there, right? What do you, what do you think of that list first of all? Well no, the list is up to the talk to the list maker. Yeah, you know what Emini here, but, but he gets that list from online. There's people that that go on his his online and hit him while he's doing the live thing and not just that. And also that list might be the top 10 streamers at the end of the day. You go and check the top streamers. But those are the commercialized lists. Those are the ones that are, are casual Woo fans. Those are the ones that they are. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the ones you better perform. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


You know what, Emini here we come here. You better hit us. Hit us. And Yo Ka look, the beautiful thing is Winter Wars Ka came outta nowhere, right? Oh my God. Remember that Emini here? That's some time ago. But once again, talent. Nobody knew this guy. You know what Emini here, we knew him. You know what Emini here? I knew that. Yo, he's one of the dopest MCs on the, on Staten Island while we was growing up, me and him always had tapes together. Like we had, our tapes were circulating before who had tapes. That's why he is like man Wizard of all name printed in the tablet on the vets. He paid our desks for mad years. He was like, we was already having tapes for the other brothers was doing that thing. But he comes out of the, out of the now and U Guard brings him to the crib and boom, I was just happy to see him, you know, because Cap, his name at first was original.


Legit what? Emini here or original? Right? So I was like original. You know what Emini here. And he was like, yeah, you know, he, his s slang is ridiculous. Emini here. He's like, nah, Donna j Bur say, what was that? And Capa Donna, it wasn't no Capa Donna Street on Staten Island yet like maybe five years later there's like a capa donna named after. I didn't, I didn't know what Capa Donna was. Who, who's your favorite mc in Wu-Tang Emini Here. The Jah is the head Emini here. I argue with people if you wanna argue and especially at that time, if you go and check the Jizz lyrics and his catalog of lyrics, I don't think you're gonna find no other mc you know, that, that have given that compared to him. Lyrically Emini here. Like I I put Joseph as my favorite mc and, and the way that he approached the mic and the, and the things that he, he's done.


You think about labels back then where he's using every label, but he's telling you a cohesive, clear story. You know what Emini here with metaphors and wit and Yeah. And then he goes on to do it again with fame and then he goes on to do it with Animal Planet. You know, when he did it with animal planning, which was crazy 'cause he just used all the football teams and was talking about how the Jaguars against the Lions And I was, I was like, yo, that's like just he's deep. But it might take him like a year to write a verse like that. He won't write it. Like, like Ray will hit you, hit hit the pen and be done in an hour and it be fly. The JA is like, he's still working on it.


Like he, you know what Emini here, he got songs he's still been working on for 10 years. 'cause he, he won't say it. And if he done, if he does something quick, he'll do it just 'cause he has to do it. But that's not his best intention as an mc. His intention as an mc is to, to make it almost biblical or something. Almost like everything is is no filler filler. I no words or fill in the ideas. You know what Emini here, what's the most underrated Wu-Tang song that you think deserves more love and that when y'all perform on on tour, everybody just goes crazy. Well depending where you at, right? But I know one Wu-Tang song that definitely seemed like, I don't think New Yorkers ever even heard it. Gravel pit. Ooh, of course that was with the video.


Y'all dressed like the Flintstones and all that. Yeah, yeah, yeah exactly. All the fur coats and all that. But man overseas you could play it twice in a, on a concert. They love it. Wow. Yeah. But in New York they don't play that. You know what Emini here, somebody get mad that come on like ghost to somebody and start frowning at you like yo God, that's your math. And I like, I ain't doing my verse. What was it, the video or just, you know what I think I was reaching, I was like, I attempted to make a song in a R way that was like poppy commercial for radio. Yeah. Coed. Yeah, but which I Never Needed that. I know, but I did you know here of the backstory of that song, if I could share real quick No, that song was meant for Aaliyah.


Aaliyah, Leah. Yeah, we was in the studio. You, we talked about it And I said I want, I have this whole Flintstone concept. I'm gonna have you dressed up like, like Betty. Yeah, Betty like Pebbles but, and Pebbles, Peles Pebbles. But you know, 'cause Aaliyah was, you know, such in great shape and all that And I just had this whole plan and she was be like, yeah we agreed and it just, things went Went. Yeah. So she was gonna sing over that beat and everything or was just a wow. Yeah. And imagine how on it. Yeah, because it was more dancey And I get what you're saying. Okay. Word. Well we would thank you, appreciate you for joining us. The tickets are on sale right now for the win Final Table tour with Run the Jewels, Get your tickets.


And we appreciate you Rizza. Appreciate you too brother. Alright. It's The Breakfast Club, it's Rizza. Well let's get to the Mess World on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches Who? Lauren? Lauren LaRosa. I back And I got the Mess. Talk to me. Okay, so y'all remember the whole legal back and forth that Drake had happened in Texas with like iHeart and he was a legend that Universal Music Group was paying money to iHeart over not like a universal music group was paying money to the radio stations, iHeart radio stations over, not like us busing boosting the streams. So there, there have been reports that there was a alleged settlement between Drake and UMG when it came to that whole like air play, radio play.


Not like us situation UMG. So U originally he was alleging that UMG was paying iHeart to play not like us more kola. Now there have been these reports, so there's been a settlement so that this is all over now, right? And that's all that was out there. But Oh, settlement with iHeart. Yes. So there's a settlement with iHeart. Yes. Not with UMG, with iHeart. But that is not what happened. What Happened? Well we know nobody cares about the truth and the lies more entertainment entertaining. But I need DJ academics and all the Drake fan pages to gather around to get the truth regardless. But the facts, it is simple. What Drake filed against iHeart wasn't a lawsuit. What he filed was a petition. Yes. And it was a petition to try to make iHeart give a deposition. So Drake wasn't asking for money, he was asking for information.


Right. So iHeart could not have made a payment. I iHeart couldn't negotiate to give Drake documents or something else showing they didn't do anything wrong. And once Drake received those documents and saw that there was nothing there, he could agree to drop his petition. And that's exactly what happened. Okay. He simply, that's simple. He simply dropped his petition because after he saw what he needed to see, he realized iHeart was not engaged in any of the actions that he was accusing them of. End of story. And, And I know Drake fan pages won't run with that because it's not as entertaining as saying, you know, iHeart settlement with Drake right. For money and Drake was right all along. But you know, no, your guy Drake simply dropped a lawsuit or dropped a petition because there was nothing there. Yes, that is what happened. Okay. Now speaking of not like us, the Oscars went down last night, the 97th Oscars, they happened Academy Awards, I'm sorry, they happened in Hollywood at the Adobe Theater.


Conan O'Brien was the host in, he is currently trending right now because of a Drake Kendrick Lamar related joke that he dropped halfway through the show. So let's take a listen to that joke real quick. Well, we're halfway through the show, which means it's time for Kendrick Lamar to come out and call Drake a pedophile. Don't worry, I'm lawyered up. Well, how soon is he going to get him a petition or a letter? How soon is Conan gonna get one? He might get Sue for That one. Okay, now the show went down with over 23 different categories being announced. The most awarded films last night wore a Nora. They took home five Oscars. The brutalist took home three, but Wicked took home two.


They were actually nominated for 10 Oscars but only won two. They won one for best costume design, which was Paul Taswell. He is now the first black man to win an Oscar for costume design. Let's take a listen to him. This is absolutely astounding. Thank you Academy for this very significant honor. I'm the first black man to receive costume design award for my work on Rick Wicked. I'm so proud of this. Thank you mom and Emma so much. Thank you everyone in the UK for all of your beautiful work. I could not have done this without you. My Ozan muses, Cynthia and Ariana.


I love you so much. All the other cast. Thank you, thank you. Thank you for trusting me with bringing your characters to life. Yeah. So he joins Ruthie Carter, who was also a black woman to win. That's right. An Oscar for Black Panther Hampton alone. Yep. And they also won Wicked also won for best production design. Now if Cynthia Arrivo would've won the category she was nominated for specifically, she would've been, she would've unseed a few people for the youngest egot like that. You know Emmy, Grammy, Oscar What's what's the T Tony Award? Tony Award. Tony Award Awards. Yes. But she didn't win last night so she, so she didn't get that. Yeah.


I'm so stupid. Well she said what's the tea? I was like, you supposed to be telling us the tea. I thought you meant like the tea, like spilling the tea. I know what you meant girl, but she didn't get that. But so, but but let me just tell y'all they Were supposed to sweep, they made it seem like Wicked was gonna sweep this shit. They were supposed to nor came in and took it though. But they did have such big moments. Ariana Grande and Cynthia Vo opened the show performing some of the songs from Wicked. And I'm gonna just tell y'all right now when I tell you say the mic is on or not. Cynthia Revo, she invented the mic at this point because she sounded so great Live last night. Killed it. Killed it. Killed it. Yo, she sounded amazing. Ariana Grande had to like sit back like it was, it just was like such her moment. I was like, yo, she sounds amazing.


Live. That is very hard to do. They also did a tribute to Quincy Jones. Whoopi and Oprah came out and kicked off the tribute. We don't have time to play the audio for them, but hey Yo, Whoopi looked good last night. Yo, I was, look, I was looking at her. No, no disrespect. I was looking at her body. Her body looked good. She very in shape. Yes. Am I tripping how? Maybe I'm bugging. I don't know. That wasn't Look at Whoopi that now the way the dress was great yesterday. Whoopi looked great on the carpet. Fit was fit in the waist was Waisting. The fit was fit. I ain't, I'm talking about her shoulders. Like she just looked good. I I like the dress too. I didn't, that didn't even cross my mind with Whoopy. I don't know. Me neither. Salute to Whoopy queen. She looked healthy Queen. Okay. Anymore Maybe I was tri.


Was she out there with Oprah? Okay. Yes. She was out there with Oprah. Yeah, I saw what they saw. Huh? They did not the salute Zoe. I don. Yes. I was trying to get to it, but then we got distracted because he saw Whoopi look good man. Zoe Zoia, she also won, she took home best actress in a supporting role and she made history as the what, what was the actual title? She made History as the, I seen, I seen Whoopi last night, bro. Jesus. I can't even get Zoe's. Well salute to Zoe. She's from Queens and Jersey. You know, she's Dominican and Puerto Rican. I think she's the best. She was she your cousin first Dominican. I gotta get this right.


I Can't, hold on. So she won last night. So congratulations to her. Her mother was in the building so she was happy to do that in front of her mother. Yeah. She's the first Dominican American actress to win a Oscars award. Her mom was in the building and she cried out for her mom. She came up, was looking for her mama. I go that, that, that like tear jerked me a little bit. You you good? Did you see Zoe Zo Donna last night? No I didn't. Next week. Zoe's story is crazy. Her pops passed away when she was younger in a car accident and her mother had to send her back to Dr. To, to put her in school while she worked and then brought her back over here and it was a, it was a tough in her life. So the fact that she called out for her mom was amazing. So Y'all learned that during the Dominican history month in school? No, we just learned that just now. Last night it made us go look her up.


I didn't know she was Dominican. I'm talking to the Dominican. I'm not talking. See this was your problem. Representation matters. And when the Dominican talking, you won't let him finish this story. You didn't even about his Fellow do. Didn't see them last night. You only saw whoop. So don't talk about representation because I See black women drop, wanna include Bumper, Whoopi Goldberg, 69 years old looking. You saw her body though. Okay Sir, there's no Dominican in here. Brent's Puerto Rican. I'm black. You're Dominican, you're black. She's black. Yep. You're Dominican. Yep. And Zoe Zo Donna is as well. Dominican. She says she's the first. She's the child of immigrant parent and first American of Dominican descent to win an Oscar. So shout out to them as we wrap this on up. Salute to her. All right, Charlamagne, who giving a Donkey to man? Four after the hour there is a perverted ass optometrist. That's what you call him, right?


The people that give you glasses. The Optometrist like I didn't know him. I was like, what did he mean guy? The college? I was like, yeah, the optometrist. He needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him. Freaky ass human. How can you Be perfect with the All right, we'll find out when we come back. It's the breakfast. So good morning. Don't be out here acting like a Donkey. Ke high bitch ke high. It's time for donkey of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take it if you feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know shout ain't God. Gonna have some funny sleep. Say how this mouth, if gotta say something you may not agree with doesn't mean I'm mean who's Getting that donkey? That donkey that don't. Don Don Don Donkey. Donkey of the day right there at The Breakfast Club. Bitches, you Can call me the donkey of the day. But like Emini here, no harm.


Yes donkey. Today for Monday March 3rd goes to a man named Brian Steiner. Brian is from Pennsylvania and he's a freaky ass human. 2020 vision. God. What do you mean he's a 2020 Vision God. Uncle Charla. Well apparently times are very hard in the slums of Delaware County, Pennsylvania because this man Ryan Steiner was offering free glasses and exchange for sexual acts. Yes. Glasses. Face readers eyes. Spires, magnifying Marvels. Okay, vision Vanquis. This man was bartering optical for oral. I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to six A, b, c News for the report please. A Delaware County optician faces some serious charges. Police say he offered customers free eyeglasses in exchange for sex.


Investigators say that 40-year-old Brian Steiner who worked at Philly Vision Care in Crot solicited sex from his customers. They say in return he would give out free glasses and waived charges in copays. Steiner admitted to police he had received or performed sexual acts inside the business at least 30 different times. He wants asses for glasses. Now I was born in 1,978, so I've heard of a lot of discounts in my day. Buy one, get one free percentage sales, early payment discounts, seasonal discounts, referral discounts. But what I've never heard of is the busted open for some bifocals. Discount. You wanna get Frankie for some frames. Brian? You supposed to have a vision care plan, not a perverted rewards program.


This is predatory on so many levels because you have to know who this will work on. You have to know that there are people who can't afford glasses. And the fact that you are preying on the financially challenged amongst us is what really makes me wanna see you buried under the jail. Okay? We are in an era where we should be attempting to help people if they aren't in the best position financially. But no, you out here taking advantage of people. And the irony of this situation is you work in an eyeglass store, your whole job is helping people see clearly. But you couldn't even see that this wouldn't end. Well. Do you know how financially desperate you have to be to want to give up sex for specs And for Brian to know these people were desperate and take advantage of that desperation.


I don't even believe in heaven to hell. But damn it, if there is a hell, please give this guy the hottest seat in the house. Okay? I have a rule and my rule is never trust people who will take advantage of others for their own benefit. Especially when the person actually could use your kindness. Proverbs chapter 22, verses 22 and 23 says, don't take advantage of the poor just because you can I repeat. Don't take advantage of the poor just because you can self-explanatory. Okay? If you believe in hell Brian, you go into it. Okay? And I'm going to tell you the sickest part of this story. After the patients agreed to do the sexual favors for the glasses, when he would give these visually impaired people the glasses, he would play this song Sick, sick, sick, sick, sick.


Oh my God. Sick, sick world. Right? That's how I feel. Please let Remy ma give Brian Steiner the biggest hee-haw. What? Laughing at he haw. Hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are You dumb? You crazy. This is sick. That song with that story is crazy. That's what happened. I know, But it's just insane. I didn't make, that's what happened. I didn't make that up. I'm just reading this news. What Mac? Why is Mac in here? Mac, why did you walk in here? Didn't say nothing about no food. Mac little smack. I know, I just Mac, what's the problem? I was back there talking To Eddie And I was just like, could you imagine the I test you cover one eye up. And he's like, read the, the first line and it's like, DI Fly.


Bye. Go get outta here. Bye. What's the second line? Say you go right now. Exit stage your left please B, be stop. Could you go? Could you leave now? Thank you very much. The Longer the eye test, the longer the duration. Like how did this, This is crazy. Y'all need to stop. Mm. All right. Well thank you for that donkey Today. Yes indeed. All right, man. You imagine the people that couldn't still see after they got the glasses didn't know what was going on. Mm. Thank you again for the donkey of the day. Let's reset guys. Come on, come on. SSA Usa I'm fine. These immature people in here usa. It's all you immature people.


I'm perfectly okay. Alright, Now I'm okay Now when we come back all we gotta send a rest in peace to Angie Stone and Condole just To her family man, Neo soul pioneer, hip hop Pioneer, r and b icon, South Carolina legend. Man. The good sister Andrew Stone came up here in 2019. And what I found so interesting about that conversation is she was talking about just how she wanted her life to be documented. You know? And she was talking about a movie that she was gonna be working on. Yeah. Movie and documentary. So we going to, we gonna replay that interview next. All right. And this is Angie Stone when she was on The Breakfast Club in 2019. We gonna get that on next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lo Rosa is here as well. Now we are about to get on an interview we did with Angie Stone in 2019. Yeah, This was 2019. The good sister Angie Stone came up here to build with us man. And you know, this is the reason I love having conversations with people because it's, it's, it documents. We documents so much, much it documents their life and they get to tell their own stories and you know, she's no longer here with us. But she told a lot about her life. She told a lot about her career and you know, she talked about basically how she wanted her movie to play out. Alright. Because, you know, that's, that's what she was working on. Well Let's jump into it now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. How are you? I'm Good.


I can't complain. You know, I've been blessed for a long time. 40 plus years in this business. Yeah. You already know. Yeah. People, I don't think people realize that Angie's one of the pioneers of rap, the sequence, your first female hip female have to go gold. Yeah. The first female group period. To do an original rap record. To do a rap record that garnered The World. We had our neighborhood rappers, we had our New York City rappers, but Sequence was the world's rappers and And I think people get it. Twisted Funk, funk it up was the song Right? Funk you up. Funk you up. See you got that mixed up with Bruno Mars. I ain't gonna go that. Didn't he? Didn't he sample it? Well what he did did an interpolation of it. Oh. You know like when he did up, what did he down Funk it up.


We going uptown, funk it funk you right on up. We gonna funk you right up. The same thing you gotta pay. We getting paid no attention right now. But guess what? It's all great. Oh my Gosh. You never thought of suing? Yeah, well my attorney went in and we tried to do some stuff and of course because it's three group members and I've been doing my thing for a minute, it kind of pulled the seams at who's, who's with who and who's down with who. And I Just say, you know what, let it rest. Because we're getting a lot of negative slack. 'cause a lot of people that don't know about the sequence or that song, we getting a lot of negative slack. 'cause they're like that don't sound nothing like it. I'm like, they don't understand. Right. The I interpolation process and how, you know, the reason we were upset because Bruno admitted that he, it was influenced by the sequence.


Wow. And he he did that on Instagram and then somebody snatched it down. Right. And then people do interpolations so they don't, they don't sample. So then they, well Dr. Dre did keep your heads ringing. That was a direct rip from funk you up. They they did Emini here. We wrote the song, we wrote the melody, we wrote the chant. We added singing to hip hop and now everybody's doing it. It's okay. And I think it's wrong for them to try to overlook us. We're from South Carolina. That's right. Emini here. What'd that go with? Right. Nothing. So y'all didn't get paid from Dr. Dream either? Yes we did. Okay, okay, Okay. Okay. They did the right thing And and Bruno admitted it. Well We had, he admitted it. He Had kept that poster up. Boy you'd got paid. But You know, it's still there. Everything that's been on the internet. Well the, the, the beauty of it is they admitted it.


But the minute the elephant is brought out of the closet, everybody runs. 'cause nobody wants to be labeled a thief. And we didn't say that. I'm very honored And I got my girl blinded from the sequence here just up blind. Back up. Snoop was so Excited to see y'all. Snoop was so excited To see y'all. He always lost his mind. Well you know Snoop, I've worked with Snoop. He did. I wanna thank you along with me and Jazzy Fay back in the day. But he wants me to work with his daughter. He wants to work with my son. So we, we have a kindred spirit. And la hip hop was reminiscing to sequence funk, the whole funk era. So I just think overall people need to respect the fact that it is what it is.


I think that you should be getting credit as a pioneer and female rap. Of course. Like I don't think, didn't y'all go gold? We Went gold. We were the first group to go gold sell 12 inch records. Yeah. That means 12 inch records along with the Sugar Hill gang. Toured The World pretty much. We never get the recognition. Of course. You know, that's probably platinum 10 times over by now. Yeah, but we don't get the recognition. 'cause I think the New Yorkers got a little salty because you know, we made it out. The starting gates Emini here. It's like a race, a marathon race. You doing the four 40 relay, you pass the pound, whoever end up at the finish line. Hey, it's fair game word. You know what, nobody knows the story. 'cause Well I'm a New Yorker and is as, as deep Miami as in hip hop maybe.


I Know I can, I had no clue. You know, I Really had no, I had no clue What funk you up. No, I knew funk you up, but I didn't know that sequence. The sequence was the first group that pretty much go gold as a girl of women's. But, but who did you think went gold first? Salt And pebble. Salt and Pebble. Ooh. And we were 10, what, 10, 15 years before them. There used to be a thing you probably wouldn't know to see in cash box called Cash Box and Billboard. If you do your research, it's there. We were the first female group hip hop group period to make cash box. And Rolling Stone just did a big article on us because a lot of people that were back then, they knew why they getting their attention and you know, I just think it's sad because a lot of the females hip hoppers And I, trust me, I love them all.


Big respect, props. But Lauren Hill loves Andrew Stone because it's reminiscent to what she did. Right. With fu her group. Yeah. Rap sing. And that's what we did. And you guys are all still cool with each other. Yeah, that's good. So it was never like a falling out with the group broke up. Ooh. With sequin. Oh no. You know, you, you, you girl group, you have your, you have your red pack moments. But we are sisters. Right. And at the end of the day, we love each other. We look out for each other. We got each other. We don't always agree. Of course not Emini here, Emini here. Nobody always agrees. But I decided to leave the group early on because I moved to New York. I, I learned a lot of stuff about songwriting.


I was a songwriter and a brother named Craig Ry, who used to be with the Sugar Hill clique said, you need to get out and go to New York. You're adventurous, blah, blah, blah. And I moved to New York And I learned a lot of stuff. Well, let's, let's talk, I want, I wanna start because this is a history lesson for, for a lot of myself. Yeah. So you signed the Sugar Hill gang. How did you get signed? How did the, how did you, first of all, how did you get into hip hop? How did you get signed and how did you get your deal? Because it wasn't like before where it now where it's internet, there's tv, there's playing hip hop radio wasn't playing hip hop back then. Right. So how did you get into it? Especi coming From Columbia. Yeah. Coming from Columbia, South Carolina. We was 16, 17, 18 years old. We had a group that was doing rap back then. Kington third was out and we wrote a song called Funk You Up.


I think Sylvia Robinson came to South Carolina. It was the first leg of the first Sugar Hill game tour. Okay. The first show, the first city we happened to be in the concert, the role manager from Sugar Hill gang saw me and thought I was just pretty chocolate chick. Hey, you wanna come backstage? Right? And so I said, well I, if you let me in, you gotta let my friends in. That's right. So we all came in, got backstage. Sylvie was backstage, we was literally on the stage and we said, Hey, we rap. And she said, well, let me hear what you got Right there on the side of the Stage, on the side, side of the stage. And we went, funk you right on up, we going to punk you right up. Right on up.


And she flipped. She said, oh my God. Oh my God. The next thing I know, we were sitting in the dressing room giving out phone number. She says, I'm gonna make you Girl star. Yes. Now we had already been a group Emini here at, you know, being a cheerleader s Johnson riding cheers and creating stuff like that was what we did. And she called us the very next week. Wow. Blew us to New Jersey and we cut the record funk you up and a couple of weeks later, I think it three weeks the record went golden. Three Wow. So was it a fed deal or was they, they, did they take advantage of y'all? Of Course they took advantage. Yeah. There no fake deal. Did you have a lawyer? A lawyer?


You have a lawyer manager. Well, we did have a lawyer, but he was a South Carolina lawyer, so Let's go. We thought we were doing the right thing, but Right. He tried. You know, one thing I've learned in life is you have to have experience. Yes. Sylvie Robinson, I give her mad props because quite contrary to what a lot of people think, you know, when you're the first at anything, you're gonna make mistakes. So I I, I lean heavily to that because she did something phenomenal that turned out to be great for a lot of people. But you had to have some crash just done. Right. All right, that's part one of our interview with Angie Stone. If you wanna see the full interview, you can hit up our YouTube page.


Rest in peace. Angie Stone condolences to her family. We are just getting on the interview we did with her in 2019 and we'll get into part two when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rosa is here as well. Now we are getting on our interview we did with Angie Stone in 2019. Rest in peace to Angie Stone and again, condolences to her family. And let's get it back on. What Has the stand power been like? Like transitioning from a hip hop artist to a RB trio to a legendary soul singer, like and writer. Yeah,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did. With the all new to Reimagine kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I got it. Seriously, I insist I sist first. First I don Silly. Don't be silly you don't. Silly Don't be silly.


People with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, rock paper scissors for it. Rock paper scis, shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com and use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Hey everybody. So when you get asked what is ooo, what comes to mind? Well, I'll tell you, Ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say that Ooo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. Oh, but then again, you could look at ooo, in terms of how its individual software programs are a lot like building blocks, whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is ooo? Well, ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a fertilizer magic beanstalk building blocks for business. Yeah, that's it. Which means that ooo is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.


A writer. Well, I'll tell you the, the blessing for me, A And I think out the box, one of the things I always hated was when I saw groups that were from the fifties and sixties in the seventies and eighties, still in the same uniform doing a old hit. I said, I never want that to be me. So what I did was I learned to I be a chameleon And I wanted to change with the times. So what I did was I kept myself around fresh hotness And I learned everything in life is a learning process. The moment we think we know everything, we absolutely know nothing. That's right.


So I, I learned to be a chameleon and change with the times. And so the stay in power has been number one, my faith is unshakeable in Christ. I love the Lord. And that's my rock, my salvation. So I decided when, when the music changed, you change too, but you can't stray too far away from who you are. Right. But it seems authentic, but it seems like you're such a great singer that it's like, I can't see you ever doing anything other. I can't believe you even used to rap. Well, the beauty of that was when we got discovered as rappers, the one, the first question I asked Sylvie Robinson is, is Robinson, is it okay if I sing too? Because I wanted to put a hook, you know, I wanted to sing. So when you see the Hey, you said no there. I was begging to do that because I knew one day in life I wanted to sing from the church.


So Emini here, I, I love rap, but I can sing too. So can, can we combine the two? And she's so excited about the rap. She said, oh honey, do what you want to do. Wow. And that, that, that is what kind set the segue up for me to make the transition from after being 30 years old, you wanna transition from hip hop to hooray. So I just went ahead and started singing and, you know, kind of juggling. Now, when I did my deal with Arista, the one reason you don't know a lot about the hip hop is one of the things that Clive Davis and Peter Edge wanted to do was say, okay, look, we don't wanna date you. I'm like, I'm still young. Whatcha talking about, well, we don't wanna talk about all that stuff at Sugar Hill. So they kind of gag ordered me not to talk about.


So they wanted to be just a brand new artist coming out start. Right, right. Got you. And because I'm a singer now and they wanna focus on that, and I'm like, I don't have a, a telescope into the future not knowing what it was gonna be, how it was gonna be. All I know is I'm in this game for survival. Right. Gotcha. So what happens when people recognize you? You pull up to the radio station, you're like, Hey, Oh, I rap on stage all the Time. Okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. Right. She just wasn't do talking about it in interviews. Like, I couldn't talk about it in interviews. It's not that I didn't want to, I never heard of anything like that. Did they put a gag on it? I didn't even Know. Well, I'm using that word gag, but when your boss tells you it was A gag order, put gag on. So Who taught you how to make the music? Like how to do a 16 and do a hook and all that?


'cause you said you Self-talk. Wow. Well, I, I was hungry, I was thirsty. I was ambitious. And I went, I started, it is like, now I'm developing film and, you know, reality shows and stuff. It's having that bug to say, I'm, I'm a rubber band. You can stretch me, but I won't pop. I'm always do me. So, you know, being a rapper is a life lesson for me. But it hurts when you've put over 40 years in the game and the people that are now eating off of the foundation that you created don't look back and say, yo, good looking out. That's why Snoop shows us love.


That's why Dr. Dre and 'em show us love. The people in LA embrace us. Because Yoyo can say, Hey, mc Light can say, yo, hey, it's because of y'all that we are doing this. She thanked me. Yoyo thanked me. We got a show, our first show coming up with Mc Light and salt and Pepper. Wow. Angie Stone. I said, oh, you know, I got to bring girls. We can't just go like that Rod in Philly. So that's coming up and I'm excited about that. Has any of the new y artists thanked You? City girls ain't never thanked y'all. No. They don't know. Yeah. They, I, And I expect know That's all. But, but, but, but I, I promise you they will know because I'm actually getting ready to do working on a biopsy.


That's what I was gonna ask. I saw you said, is Jamie Fox working on that too? Or was that, You know, Jamie And I work, Jamie wants to do another film with me, but Ralph Quas, who I'm working with, who did Hollywood Husbands on the, on the biopic. And we are gonna have to cross all these lanes. So I'm very excited about my journey and my career and my life coming from hip hop through neo soul all the way up through my vertical hold days and just having a bird's eye view. Like I'm gonna, I'm gonna blow your mind. You ready for this? One of the things that I can't wait for The World to see is hip hop was in the Bronx before it ever came downtown.


It was something in the Bronx. It was myself and Little Rodney c that introduced hip hop to downtown. We did the first party of the show in the club that was called the Roxy. Mm. It used to be a skating rink. Yeah. We made it into the club. It was Andre Harrell myself with the sequence, the funky four plus one more African ada. This was a show that my money paid for, made the flyers for put together and henceforth hip hop moved from uptown to downtown single handedly. And it never changed. Madonna used to serve as drinks at Danceteria. Wow. That's how real it gets. Dance Terria. So I can't dance Ter Dance Terria.


Okay. That was a club. And she was a waitress at, How do you remember her? Because she served me drinks. Wow. And you reme like you, you she had that type of Presence. She said she was a waitress. Yeah, I was a performer there. Wow. Wow. Was she a, did she say, you know, I'm an aspiring singer also? No, she didn't have to say that she was working. She was just, you Know how sometimes people will do that? They'll be like, But, but I'm just giving you, shed a little light on some stuff. Right. Because a lot of people, when they disrespect the sequence, they disrespect the culture of hip hop because they don't even know how they got from uptown to downtown. And when you overlook the fact that hey, little Rodney c Angie B booked this show paid everybody for the show and henceforth the wild style movie, FAP Phi Freddy, he'll tell you.


All these people know. So when you overlook that, you overlook a movement. It's not just about the one song. You have to look at the legacy of what hiphop really stood for back then and the sacrifices that were made. And I can't wait for the story to Be Yeah. When I think of like Sugar Hill Gang, I'm like, there's no reason for anybody to ever mention Sugar Hill Records and not mention sequins. Thank you. Yeah. I Don't understand why we were the Sugar Hill girl. They called us that, but we wrote all their hits. Yeah. Apache eighth Wonder. Oh wow. All those songs. We wrote those songs. Really? We were the West Street mob That Le Dance. I know you got the fever. That's the sequence. Were y'all getting paid? Yeah. Good money or just No. Okay. Little something.


Is it moving gonna be, do you know where it's going to be? Is it gonna be on like a, like a BET series or is it gonna be in the theaters Or It will be. It will be. It won't be just one episode. It'll be a series. Emini series. That's what we're working on. 'cause it, it spans too far. Talking about 1979 up until today. Dang. Wow. And and just releasing an album that's already my single dropped and it went straight to number two. Full circle Baby. You know? So my, my, it's a reason for everything. I think God preserved this time for us to get the story right. So, you know, have You found somebody to play you yet for the biopic? I got some ideas. I got some ideas. Couple of people that I really, really am interested in.


I know one segment of Angie Stone is your Daughter gotta be in it. Of course. But the young lady that used to be Bernie Mac's daughter. Oh Okay. Oh yeah. We appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely boring. Yes. Thank you. Well Angie Stone, thank you for joining us. Thank you. It's Angie Stone, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get to the Mess. Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a coach with Lauren.


Lauren LaRosa. I back And I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me. Okay, so there's some more happening now because of the interview that Jim Jones did when he was up here at The Breakfast Club. Cameron has actually responded to Jim Jones. Now Jim Jones talked about a couple things. He talked about wanting to fight Kim for $10 million and then he also talked about the versus situation with Kim and the rest of dip set. Let's take a listen to Jim Jones on versus I need triple what I had last time. The way we put that verse on fire too. We had that thing looking like a championship game. Yeah. Swiss highlight Me and you backdoor me gave that man some business that you ain't give all of us a, you definitely gotta gimme triple Swiss and you gotta gimme some real business this time.


What was the backdoor? Yeah, I wanted the bag but we got the bag. But boy still went backdoor like yo, for us, for me to do the verses, you gotta gimme part of this business that had nothing to do with us. You heard? But he say that's me being a businessman now that's you being a sucker doing backdoor. When you went to Kim about that, he said that like it's just me being a businessman. No Swiss told me I had to tell Swiss I know what was going on. Jack call Swiss on the line. He tell you I did bad. You know. How did you find out about it Then? Because I found out about a lot. So Kim has responded. He responded two ways. He posted to Instagram, he posted some text messages between him and Jim and the text message basically are, to sum it up, it's Jim saying that, you know, versus was on his bucket list.


And that essentially he would do it for free just to touch the sage because it's, it does so much for the artists that touch the sage. Right? Right. So Kim's caption says, I don't pay half of the stuff that people say no mine. But you know, I keep the files you wanted to do verses for free. So if you made a dollar, be happy talking about what was on your bucket list. Stop trying to rewrite history now you got a lost in the garden in the bar. The Barclays with the laughing emojis and y'all not eat and your homies not eating unless they came with they own bread. The boy sugar digger got more money than you and let's bet 10 s on that. Go get handsome a car in a crib in Jersey or something. I'm done for now. So then it is what it is aired this morning. This actually aired about I would say like 20, 30 minutes ago.


And Kim indirectly or kind of directly, but just doesn't say Jim's name. Throw some more shots there way. Let's take a listen to that. I Had a tour for us locked up for the locks and Maces always says, yo, don't bring this out with you 'cause they're not going to win. If you bring this out with you talking about football games, basketball games. And I be sitting here like, I don't really know. But then I got it when the fight went on. When you got that type of energy and you breathing that energy when everybody's sad and mad and depressed and, and try to look happy but they not really happy it gets into you. The people you with could possibly your energy up for some shit that you supposed to do.


You can't come out with that energy man. It is bad energy man. You gotta have greatness with you. I remember we was talking about the Eagle game And I said if Meek Mill walked them out, they're not gonna win a championship. Meek didn't walk them out, they end up winning that championship. This Is with the Lions up when you bring out jello. Jello not from Brooklyn and them wasn't from Brooklyn. Well Emini here you catch a straight yo Meek caught a crazy stray right shot. You talking about jello Jello or Because G three performed at the Lions the the game third playoff Game Lion. Remember that? Yeah. They tried to blame it and say that's why he lost. So what came, that's How the lions lost. They Said Yeah, that's how the lions lost. What Cameron is alluding to is the fact that Ju Wells Santana and Jim Jones walked Davante Tank Davis out the fight that just happened with Lamont Roach over the weekend.


Yep. At the Barclay Center. And a lot of people online were saying, Hey you lost because you walked out with such and such jokingly. But Cam brought that to it is what it is. So that's what he's talking about now. I hate them brothers fight man. I hate seeing them brothers fight. Yeah. I hope Jim and Cam find some peace and entertaining, but I just hate it. Awesome. I hope Jim and Cam find some peace with some closure. Meaning they either find a way to be, you know, at peace with each other or they find some closure on their relationship because I Hate it. Yeah. Like they were brothers, like they were cruel Clip we we watched it. We yeah, we seen it. So I I I, like I said, it's entertaining but I, I hate seeing this for them. For them too. I agree. And I did wanna play this, the, this other audio that we have, Cameron, he sat down with Steve Stout and he talked about exactly what he did when it came to negotiating the verses.


Do I just wanna play this? 'cause it's kind of like clearing that up a little bit. Let's take a listen to that. I had a tour for us locked up for the locks and dip set literally locked up. And it was about at the time maybe like two and a half million dollars if I'm not mistaken. You know, this a few years ago, Jim really wanted to do the verses and I'm like, bro, we could do the verses after the tour. Yo y'all And I got two and a half million dollars waiting and that was just for like 10 cities. It could have balloon up to like $6 million. Oh y'all down voted Steve. Nobody was listening to me about the tour. So what I said to myself was, I told Swiss and Timberland And I said everybody gotta get at least six digits. That's our artist got everybody they money. And I started polling my own, I want the door money, I want stocks and trier.


I want beats from Timberland and Swiss for free. I want percentage of the views that's going to go on. And I got all that too. So basically he would, the way that it sounds to me is like, you know, they missed a tour so that he was just trying to make what he could off of them doing the versus the situation or whatever. But yeah, to y'all point, the back and forth with them is, is kind of crazy. Especially the shots at the hood with the Barclay thing. I'm like, dang, Does this still happen if Dipset wins against the locks on that fateful versus night? Yes. I don't think so. I think so. You think so? I don't, I think so. Why You think so? I don't, I don't I don't think they were seeing eye to eye even during that night. I just, but you realize did It because the, the verses story has a lot to do with all of this. You do realize that like we played three clips just now and two of 'em were about Verses but you know, this happened before that they like they weren't seeing eye to eye Oh before verses.


But I feel like something else happened that night that really, that really set it o set it off forever. We talked about that in the interview too. I asked him like, yo, it seems like y'all at least cordial publicly before the verses a little bit. Then verses happened and it was like shots is just everywhere coming from each side. Well Jim also said that in our conversation, he said, and I'm paraphrasing, he was like, he can't get over getting booed at the Yard numbers. Yeah, the camera couldn't get over that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But it gotta be more than that. I thought it was the conversation when Cam interviewed 50 and that's, that's what I thought reunited it. 'cause before that, you know, they weren't seeing eye to eye but it was quiet. But after that interview, Fireworks Emini here, big fireworks had you Meant reignited. They reunited it Reignited. Yeah. They, the public, the fireworks been happening so much. I just, you, I don't know the the Hey man, I wish them brothers peace man.


Our closure one of the two And leave Meek Mo leave Meek alone. Poor Meek. I need to know the backstory about the Meek. Nobody Man. Now really nasty backstory. What happened with Meek James Knight? I don't know. I don know Meek mind his business. It's just No, he was saying Yo Uncalled for Meek Going on Twitter. Lemme see. Did he tweet already? He didn't hear that yet. All right. That's it. All right, well that was the mess. All right, well let's get to the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And also this hour, well, last hour I should say. We played out. Interview with Angie Stone. Rest in peace. Angie Stone. If you haven't heard it, go to our YouTube page. Definitely check it out. It it's, it's a great interview. It, it details her life, how she started a lot, history, what she wanted to do.


History. It's a lot of history in that interview. Definitely check it out. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lord. The Rosa of filling in for Jess. Now I know you heading the Dr. Right? Oh yes I am March, not March. Dang. May 22nd through the 27th Body Doesn't seventh. I'm not. Can you stop saying that because you know people gonna really believe you. Yeah, I know and it's not true. Okay, he Projecting whenever he goes outta the country. That's what he does. Lauren. He ain't touched that body at all. You see no heart. He got A nose job. He ain't get that in the state. You want all the way to Dr for a nose job? Hell yeah. I feel bad for you damn Damn nose job. Well And I better stop talking about my legs and my arms too.


Why? I don't know. People say they real skinny like goddamnit. Boy, if you would like to join me, I could find you a doctor. My homegirls know where to go in all the recovery houses. So just let me know Now your Homegirls Know where to go, but, but you know, while you're there healing I can check in on you. I'm gonna be over at the Memorial Day getaway. May 27th, 22nd through the 27th. It's a five night, six days. It's A-H-B-C-U Black Alumni weekend. I'll be hosting a bunch of different events out there. We're gonna have a good time. Visit Memorial Day getaway.com and at checkout. Tell them Lauren the Rosa sent you. 'cause I'm gonna see y'all there. Alright, Now when we come back we got a positive note. So don't move us The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law LaRosa is here and we got a salute to the Rizza for joining us this morning.


Salute to them, make sure you go get your tickets. I'm definitely going to that show because you know, I got a top seven favorite rappers of all time and Ghostface Killer is my favorite rapper of all time. And Killer Mike is also on my top seven favorite rappers of all time. Liz Wu-Tang is my favorite group. So I'm definitely going to see Wu-Tang and run The Jews. You hear Me? It kicks off on June 6th in Baltimore and they come then they'll be, they'll be in New York at the at MSG when? 16th Of J of July and then Prudential, 17th of July. Okay, I'll be at one of those. Definitely be at one of those. And listen, I want to tell everybody too, man, the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival is happening Saturday, April 6th. April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Okay, Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia.


We got Mandy and Wheezy from Decisions, decisions hosting. We have the Trap Nerd Podcast Ball of Gamers out there. We got Good Moms Bad Choices podcast gonna be out there. Naked Sports with Carrie. Champion the RB Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine and we got the Woman Evolve Podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts. Yes, Sarah Jakes Roberts. All of them will be at the third annual Black Effect Podcast festival. You know we got the food trucks, we got the Picture Podcast booth presented by Nissan. We got the Black Effect Marketplace. All types of good stuff. So see y'all Saturday, April 26th. You can go get your tickets right now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Okay?


Okay. You got a positive note? I do have a positive note and it's simple, man, do your best because you want to. Okay? You do your best when you are enjoying the action or doing it in a way that will not have negative repercussions for you. You do your best because you want to do it, not because you have to do it, not because you are trying to please the judge and not because you are trying to please other people. Do your best because you want to have a great day Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal Plus Sound System with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters in Power and Scream, the latest r and b and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now. Pay Neva,


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com and use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's Elisa just for you.