
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal Plus Sound System with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere. 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go. It just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out boz.com for more.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up. Anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming full 2024. Which sir and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail.


Good Morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo. Yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne's running a little late and it's Thursday. Hey. One day Before Friday. That's right. One day before Friday. And we finally got a little bit of rain on the East Coast. We got No, we have, I don't think they said we had rain since October sometime. Yeah. So this is the first rainstorm or rain that we've received, which is crazy. You can tell global Warm is really affecting the Earth, but there's been all types of fires on the East Coast and all types of things like that. Crazy. I know a lot of people in the West, they, they deal with this a lot, but we've never really dealt with just fires because there's no water. Yeah. Right. So, yeah.


So it's, we got a lot of rain. There's a lot of flooding. So coming in this morning was a little, it was a little difficult. It was. So when I hit Charlamagne, I'm like, yo, bro, just to give you a heads up, You know our route that we come in. I'm like, it's flooded. And he was like, oh, I guess I'm gonna be late. So Charlemagne will be running a little boom. What town Home do you take? Which one it all in? What Waze tells me. Oh, Wa Oh, you take Waze? Yeah. Wa whatever Waze might say, take this way. I don't, I, whatever ways tells me to do I. don. Gotcha. Waze told me to drive to Africa to get to to here. I would do it. It is, You've been coming here. How long you been coming here? And you still use GPS to get to Work every morning? Hey, Yo. Every mo, because it's not just GP pss, it tells you about the traffic. It tells you if there's accident. It tells you if there's Yeah. Flooding. If I should take an alternative route. So I use Wave for everything.


Even if I'm going up to the up the block to go to the grocery store, I use Waze. That is crazy. I use it all day long. Uhuh. Yeah. Uhuh that. That's what, that's what it is. Well, salute to my wife. My wife is doing this cooking show. She's been planning and doing this for a while. So she did her first episode yesterday. If you don't know, my wife is, is part Jamaican. Yeah. So on the first show, she's cooking oxtail and jerk chicken. Oh. She's breaking down the process of cooking it, which is pretty dope. But it's just, I didn't know a cooking show is, it's usually she cooks, I go downstairs and eat. Yeah. But this one is like, she's preparing, she's throwing, you have to use Yeah. Four ounces of this because It's a show. But usually you just use a little sprinkle. She be like, you You know Little sprinkle, but nah. Just so I didn't get a chance. So when I left this morning, they were still wrapping up.


Damn. Yeah, that's what I said. Damn. Wow. Yeah. So, okay. Salute to her. So yeah. Can't wait to catch that. Can't Wait to catch that. Yeah. She was like, you wanna bring some food up for everybody? I'm like, no, because I'm gonna be late. What? I would've been late, yo. She was like, she was like, you want me to when you wanna make some things? I was like, no, I'm gonna be late. And I. I'll do it another time. Alright, well tell Far will be joining us this morning. You know Tel Far the bag designer and clothes designer. He's gonna be joining us. He's opening up his own store, brick and mortar store in Manhattan. And You know how people just love these bags. You've seen Solange wear, we seen Beyonce wear 'em. Just hilarious. Has a couple of them. So we gonna be talking to Tel Far and hopefully he brings us gifts. 'cause usually when every time he comes up, he brings a gift. Well, I never Met him before, so I really hope that he likes me enough to give me a nice Bag.


Yeah. Last time he bought, he bought bags for the wife. He bought bags for my mom. He bought a sweatshirt, like he bought everything. Damn. And Christmas is right around the corner. So all I'll do is regift it. Okay. That's it. That's all I do is regift it. Good. All right. Well let's get the show Cracker. We got Morgan Wood front page news when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news now. A Thursday night football. The Steelers are taking on the Cleveland Browns at eight 15. And also we gotta send a happy birthday to Michael Strahan. Today is Michael Strahan birthday. Happy birthday. So drop a bond for Michael. Straight hand. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Envy. Charlemagne and Jeff. Y'all feeling all right?


Yes, we are. Good. Good. Okay. So President, let's jump into it. Okay. President-elect Trump is cheering the life sentence of Venezuelan migrant who was convicted of killing a Georgia nursing student. Now, Trump posted on social truth social on Wednesday, justice for Laken Riley in all caps now the illegal immigrant convicted of killing the Georgia nursing student, lake O Riley. He was sentenced to life without parole. 26-year-old Jose Ibarra was found guilty on all 10 counts by the judge who handed down the verdict after Ibarra waived his right to a jury trial. Now the prosecution said Ibarra went hunting for women on the University of Georgia's campus and encountered Riley on her morning run in February. The case, of course, drew national attention and was the focus of the presidential election.


And part of the reason, if not the reason why the Trump administration forthcoming Trump administration is calling for these mass deportations, a bar across the border illegally in 2022 and was released by border officials while his immigration case was awaiting review. Let's hear from Judge Patrick Haggard announcing the sentence. And we'll also hear from Lakin's sister, father, and best friend on the impact this tragedy has had on them. Let's hear those that audio With that Mr. Barr, if you'll please stand. Count one, malice murder I sentence you to life. Without the possibility of parole, Jose Antonio Ibarra has completely and utterly ruined my life.


And I can only hope and pray that he receives a sentence that ruins his. The pain I feel, is unexplainable. Every day I am reminded that my daughter is gone. I will never hear her laugh again. Never see her smile. Never hold her hand or feel her hug. I've been impacted by this brutal cowardice and preventable tragedy in every way, shape and form. I no longer have a best friend that I relay every thought or worry to. I no longer run every day. So sad. Yeah, so damn sad. Very sad. But You know just in on a positive note, that You know that family has had some justice in regards to that case.


Now moving on elsewhere in news, a report on sexual allegations involving Matt Gates will not be released. At least not for now and not legally. President-elect Trump's nominee for the head of the, excuse me, department of Justice Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz, has faced allegations on sexual misconduct, including alleging having sex with a 17-year-old girl. Now, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle called for the report of the Florida Congressman to be released. House Speaker Mike Johnson had urged the ethics committee to keep the report under wrap. Since Gates has already resigned from Congress now a hacker has reportedly already gained access to those documents in an investigation of, Yeah, So a file reportedly included sealed documents from the House Ethics Committee and Justice Department.


According to the New York Times internet cybersecurity expert, Alan Crow says, it sounds like an inside job. And the information will likely be leaked and shared by a reporter. Hey colleagues, let's hear more from internet cybersecurity expert Alan Kreitz. So in this case, I mean it does sound a lot like somebody internally is trying to damage somebody and said something out. I mean, if you remember the biggest leak that we had with the government, well, You know it's Snowden You know, and that was an internal person who sent stuff out. You didn't hack it. So you're not a part of the crime. Now, I'm not a lawyer. There might be something like you are complicit after the fact in hacking, but as far as I know, there's nothing technically illegal about getting something that somebody else hacked.


Yep. Well there you have, and of course yesterday the Republicans in the House ethics panel, they did vote to make those findings not public. So of course those documents will remain sealed at least on a congressional level. But You know. You know the people know how to get what they want. Absolutely. Yeah. Alright, so I'm like, do we have time for one more? No, it is six 10. Alright, well let's get into it On at seven o'clock we will talk more about what's happening with DEI. Yeah. You know things in the diversity, equity, and inclusion space getting a little sticky. So we'll talk more about that at 7:00 AM Alright, And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent.


Phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. Phone lines are wide open. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charla Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now here and tell you what it's, we lie. Hello? Who's this D Mills? Man, What's your name? My name is D Mills. They call me D Mills. I'm a professional boxer. What's up d Mills. Mills. What's up? Get it off your chest brother. You know I just wanna say happy Birthday to my son today.


He just turned 10. Okay. Happy birthday baby boy. Yeah. Yeah. He'll be football, basketball, baseball. He a athlete just like his Daddy. That's what it is. Alright brother. And I. Also wanna say I'm a professional boxer. I'm 17 in oh nine K. I'm looking to get a good big fight. I've been managing myself, promoting myself, You know anybody wanna, anybody want to fight? I really wanna fight Jake Paul. I'm so why Jake? Paul's not gonna fight you. You don't have a big enough name as of yet, but I'm sure if you continue to fight, he's only fighting big names. You know he's, he's bringing in $40 million. So You know, unless you are a Mike Tyson, Floyd Mayweather, a tank or somebody with a name that's gonna attract some people.


Sir, you're on your own. Yeah. Well December 27th I'm fighting Isaiah Thomas and Motor City Casino. Okay, well good luck to you brother. Okay. Alright. Hey, I appreciate y'all man. Have a good one. I watch. Listen to y'all every day. Have a good one. Thank You. I brought it to your son too. Hello. Who's this? Top of the morning. Top of the morning. What's up bro? Good morning. How? How you doing? How you doing? I just wanted to say, I Just just wanted to say, man, it's raining out here. I'm a truck driver. I just want everybody to be careful. That's all I wanted to say. That was it. Hey, I appreciate it. You in a truck now? Yes sir. Yes sir. You know what I need. Come on baby. Come on man. You already know man. Oh, there you go man. Have a good one.


You too, man. Thank you. Hello, who's this? It's Sheila. Good morning Breakfast Club. Hey Sheila. Morning. Good morning. How are You? I'm doing good. Hey, I wanted to tell you just, I saw your movie twice. And I. Think it need a part two. Don't you think it was really good? I think it did. Nobody been calling up there talking about it. I think it do 'cause I I don. I need to know what happened to Leah after she got slapped. Yeah, girl. Yes. Thank you so much for supporting me. Don't do me Like this. I know, right? I appreciate you baby. Don't Do me like this. I'm gonna watch it this weekend. And I. Gotta watch that this weekend. And I. Gotta watch Penguin this weekend. So I gotta, it is my daughter's competition, so I got a little time when they, when they in between their, their little dance meets.


I can watch all the movies. I need to make Sure you do. Okay. Okay. DJ in, I got one more thing. I will ask you two more things. I want one of your books. I I got Charlamagne book. Can I get one of your books? Sure. Absolutely. Real life, real love. It's a, it's a relationship book and, and hopefully it can help people out with their relationship. Me and my wife been together 30 years. We've been married, 23 and we talk about everything, not just the good that, that everybody hears and sees on Instagram. When you hear people's relationships. We talk about everything that got us there from insecurity, infidelity to everything but, and how we, we made it through. So I will definitely send it to you. If you hold on, I can get your information and send it right to you. 1 1, 1 more thing. Gonna hold y'all no longer, but I wanna shout out to my mental poetry health group for four years Galaxy of Poets on Instagram.


So shout out to them. We celebrated our fourth, fourth year in November. So I'm shouting out to that group. Okay. And your name is Sheila, right? S-H-E-L-A. It's Sheila. S-H-E-L-I-A. Yes. LIA. Okay, I got you mama. Hold on. Okay. Okay. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next. (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil.


Hello. Who's this? Hey. This your girl Bianca from the Atlanta in the Building. Bianca, what up girl? What's up Bianca, How you doing? Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's so good to hear from y'all. I got two things to get off my chest. Go ahead. All right. First thing, the grand opening of Bang, Kansas Seafood presented by TI and Killer Mike. Everybody keep asking me how was the food. Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to try to fool, but it was good to see the two brothers coming out, opening up they businesses and having some opportunities for people like us in the community. Absolutely. So also I would like to shout out my nonprofit. It's called Forever.


I love Atlanta. First spelled FUR. And we help people in the inner city who got pets, families, anybody who need assistance. We help to get those low cost of free. We do a lot of free giveaways. We support a lot of the a TA like me who like reptiles and just who like the animal life. I used to be an animal control officer. So this is my way of giving back to the community. I'm looking to link up with other people and connect and be able to collab on some events you can reach me at forever. I love atlanta@gmail.com and hit me up on Facebook and Instagram. Thank y'all so much.


Thank you so much. Have a good one. Shout to 96 1. The beat. They're having their annual Jingle Ball concert. It goes down on the 19th of December. So I'll be there hosting that and I'm gonna go definitely check out Bankhead Seafood. Now if you wanna know who's on that show. It's Sexy Red. It's TI tpa. sa Wheatie Kid Laroi Tene and Gunna. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets and I'm gonna be in Atlanta for that concert. When is that? The 19th of December. That's dope. Louis dope salute the Louis V. Hello. Who's this? Hello, this is James calling from North Carolina. What's up James? Get it off your chest. Yo. I was calling to see if y'all had heard this story. This this Florida dude some years back wanted to come up with some money so he can get some concert tickets.


So he goes online saying he'll do anything or earn some money. This guy hits him up and tells him he wants to hire him to cut off three of his toes, cook them up and eat them. And he give him $4,000 and the dude tries to go through with it. But the guy that wanted his toes cut off ended up later up going back on his word and saying he can't go through with it. But he ended up paying the dude anyway. Damn. Y'all ain't never heard that story. I never heard that story. Never ever been lied. And there's nobody I want to see that bad to cut off my fingers and toes. I I I mean nah, I'm sorry. There's, I love ho I love Nas You know I love Beyonce but I'm not cut off my toes or my fingers to see anybody in concert. No, No, no.


He, he wasn't the one that was gonna get his, his toes cut off. He, he was gonna cut somebody else's toes off and that person was gonna pay him. That's disgusting. Crazy. Yeah, and the dude was black too. It sound like an episode of Criminal Mind. Yeah, absolutely. That's disgusting. Yeah. Well you have a good one and you need to do, you need to do different searches on your TikTok and your Instagram. You're searching for the wrong thing brother. Oh nah. You like this Stuff man. This, this, this was on a TV show. This was on a TV show called It's Florida Man. Oh, now that explains it. It's Florida. Okay. Definitely sounds like Florida. Got it. Have a good one brother. Alright, Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yeah. Kiki Palmer did an impression of Nicki Minaj, but Nicki Minaj sent that ass to Season Desis Point impression. We'll talk about it when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. I would've stayed home if I knew Jess. Hilarious. Was still sick. Just been the sick the last two days. You still sick Josh? No. Listen To her talk. I was not sick. I I'm I was sick Monday and Tuesday. But You know you still have lingering symptoms after you get rid of like a cold. What you got or the flu or I don't know what I have My throat's starting to hurt. Your Throat was sounding like that when I came in here yesterday. Okay, don't do that. Okay.


And now you ordering tea, all of that. No, my throat started hurt. Don't let the nice outfits in the nice head fool you. That woman is sick. Boy Please. You just looking sick before you went to Dr. Na Natasha Sandy. And now I see a difference. You right. She look nice and gorgeous. Okay. Okay. Yeah, Some shut up. Let's get the with the best. Yeah, Don't do no lying. Don't She Don't spell nobody. Nobody. Worldwide. Worldwide veteran on The. Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on.


All right, so our wonderful Kiki Palmer opens up about being the provider for her family before we get to some other stuff about her. So she was recently on Club Shehe and during that conversation she opened up about being the breadwinner for her family while growing up. My parents at their best made $40,000 a year growing up a year. Yeah, I was making that a show. Kiki You know it's not normal that a child is the provider for the family Can have a tissue. Did you realize what was on Kiki's shoulder? Yes I did. I wore like a armor. It's okay. You did amazing. I would do it again for my family for community And I. Think that is the thing. Life is a lonely place.


It is. And when you have your family and if you are the one, then you are the one. My sister could go to FMU and she had to worry about nothing. My same thing for all of us. Right? We get to do things that we weren't able to do. And I wasn't the only person that sacrificed, but yes, a lot of it was on me. And it's just one of those things where I feel like I could be sad, but why I gained so much more than what I sacrificed. And Kiki been acting since she was nine years old. You know. She's 31 now. So what she saying she missed her her childhood. Is that what is that what she saying? No, she's saying that's just a lot of pressure for her. Yeah. Her girl to be so young and have to provide for her whole family And being the whole You know Brandon brought women and she said she's not the only one that had to sacrifice, but she was young doing that and You know and that's just what she's still doing now.


She the only person that I know that's 31 and she acts 62. I swear Kiki always act like she Baby as Hell. Yes. I saw Kiki yesterday actually. Matter of fact. Yeah. Yeah. They say she was was up here. Lemme tell you something though. I still, I feel Kiki pain 'cause I don't care what age you are. You gonna always cry when people ask you for money. That's right. Lord have mercy. That's right. The the requests are incredible. Bring tears to my eyes every time. I can't believe they would ask me for so much. What? Who do they think I am? Anyway, during another promo stop, Kiki appeared on Jimmy Fallon's show and she told a story about a conversation that she had with Nikki after she did an impression of Nikki. She's in the middle of talking to them.


She's like, Uhuh, yo, I need to talk to you. Hold on. And I'm like, I done did something Nicki about to cuss me out at At the McAllen. Yeah. And I was like, okay, I'm gonna sit here and wait and see what she had to say. And then she's like, look, I don't reap the press. I don't know everything that's going on, but I just wanna tell you, nobody knows what it's like when we turn off the lights and we gotta be with ourselves. So you do whatever you need to do to be good with you. And I was like, yeah, I love you though, joke. I, I'm not. So after that video went viral, Nikki responded to it on X and she jokingly threatened to sink Kiki cease and desist.


She said, oh what a Kiki, why would she even tell that story? Doesn't she know that that could mess up the whole bad guy thing? Let's see if she's still laughing when she get hit with this cease and desist child. The bad guy. Chun. Kiki You know every, every time Nikki play like that, people never know when to take her serious. That's true. Like You know what I'm saying? But That, that was a joke. You could tell that Was a joke obviously, obviously. But I like how she came up to her and everything like that. Tia roasted a bouncer. He was in Austin, Texas and he couldn't get into a restaurant. They kept showing, asking for his ID and he decided to retaliate by roasting the bouncer. I'm right here, Austin, Texas on East sixth Street at a place called Ry. It's a sucker up here at the Frank.


This sucker here talking about, I need some ID to get in somewhere any with some shoes like that ain't gonna keep me outta nowhere, man. Wear them Peppermint pat shoes. This man got on and got a Walmart Versace shirt while with them got Ross, them Ross pants nipple hard. What your nipple hard for man? Why your nipple hard for man, that boy got got that, that boy got them ankle. But look at that ankle poking out the side of them peppermint shoes. But what did that velvet, what did that velvet yo grandma put them on a birthday card was for five, $6 in it. Alright, alright. Back to business. I'm gonna tell you something. I would hire that bouncer anyway. And that bouncer was doing his job.


Bounce was like, I don't care who didn't, and Annie was calm. He, he didn't trip out t He played with a little bit. He showed his shoes and all that And he did his job. He did. Because the reality is we don't know if, if the manager been sending people there without IDs just to see who's letting folks in without id. Wow. Yeah. That that bouncer was doing His job. Yeah. Yeah. Not only that, most people don't understand a bouncer's job is the bouncer's job and they'll always tell you, yo, there's a camera on me. Even when you go to, they was like, yo, NBI know who you are, there's a camera on me, but you just gotta show your id. Yeah. Because they're looking at me And, I want to keep my job. And I respect It. Yeah. And, and nobody is above protocol. That's right. Like at these, at certain restaurants, you just can't do that. You have to make an example. What if somebody behind him was like, oh damn, just 'cause that's CI you not You know.


And, but I will honestly say this, the first time he acted like his son, I was like, damn, he turned into King real quick. That's something that King would've did in My opinion. But You know what I, I respect that ti I, because maybe about 10 years ago it wouldn't have went like that. First of all, that wasn't ti I that was TIP. Yeah. That was doing that. Yeah. That was tip 10 years ago. It would've ti I would've walked in the restaurant regardless. Period. Yeah. Period. I get It. That dude was a little big though. TI would've walked in that restaurant regardless. Regardless. Alright. Respect to that bouncer though he was doing his job. Nah, absolutely. Absolutely. And. I. Don't got time for another story. So I will push it to the second hour. That's just the mess. Thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news Morgan, what'll be joining us And then Tel Far Clemons the founder of the fashion brand and bag line Telfa will be joining us.


He has a store that he's opening up in New York City. And we'll talk to Tel Far when we come back. All right. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news now on Thursday night football, the Steelers take on the Cleveland Browns at eight 15. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning, Andy Charmagne and Jess, y'all all right? Yes ma'am. All right, so let's get into it. The clap back Congressional queen is going viral once again during a dismantle DEI act hearing Texas Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett defended DEI, which stands for Diversity, equity and Inclusion.


And she spoke passionately about the definition of oppression. After representative Michael Cloud, a republican out of Texas also proposed to eliminate federal DEI programs. Let's hear those comments from Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. Oppression is the prolonged, cruel or unjust treatment or control. That is the definition of oppression. And so as I sit here as a black woman who practiced civil rights, let me tell you the reason that my colleagues wanted to make sure you understood the same black history that your, your side of the aisle wants to delete outta classrooms is because you can then misuse words like oppression. There has been no oppression for the white man in this country.


You tell me which white men were dragged out of their homes. You tell me which one of them got dragged all the way across an ocean and told that you're gonna go and work. We're gonna steal your wives, we're gonna rape your wives. That didn't happen. That is oppression. She not lying right now. I love Jackie Crocker. She's not lying. Yeah, Yeah. So she went on to say it is white men on this side of the aisle telling us people of color on this side of the aisle, that y'all are the ones being oppressed, that y'all are the ones being harmed. She said that is not the definition of oppression. Of course, when asking that question earlier in the segment where she was saying, you tell me which white men were dragged out of their homes.


Representative James Comer, a Republican out of Kentucky, interjected and said, you can start with Exodus. And he was referring to the biblical book in which that describes how Jewish people fled slavery in Egypt. Now the congresswoman did not acknowledge that remark, but yeah, it's getting real sticky. As You know, one side of the aisle is fighting against Yeah. The efforts of the other side of the aisle as we have this new forthcoming administration. So she Said it perfectly, I mean, what she said was, You know, if you look at it, she says, white men com comprise 30% of the country's population, but hold over 60% of elected officers. Yes. Like let's, let's be honest. Like how, how, how unfair could we be You know Hence why there is efforts for diversity, equity, inclusion. Right?


Correct. So the fact that they're trying to reverse those things, it speaks to her point. Speaking of what's elsewhere in Texas, the family of a Dallas man who's who was shot and killed by a police officer has been awarded a $100 million civil judgment. Former officer Amber Geiger was not in court for the lawsuit even though she was named as a defendant. She's currently serving a 10 year prison sentence for the 2018 shooting. Geiger entered the wrong apartment and shot both in John thinking he was an intruder. His relatives, while he was actually in his apartment. His relatives will likely not see a dime of that. But their attorney says that it sends a message to other cops too. You know, make sure you doing what you're supposed to be doing.


Yeah. I hate that You know. I I really hate that You go through the lawsuits and, and you do get that a hundred million dollars, I think it was like 98 million or 99 million or a hundred million dollars, whatever it is, 98 million. But the family won't get a dime of that You know. Which is sad probably because of, and not to say that money's gonna bring back a life, but Jesus. Yeah. Something Though. I mean, damn it could certainly ease the quality. I guess I'm not, I'm not sure. Well, why they say they won't get a, a, a dollar a dime of it because they sued her and she had the money. That's I her attorney. Yeah, well there's that too. You know. So, so where is it going exactly? Well, it's a judgment right now. So it's just on the books. It's just, but she's currently in jail, so You know. How do you, you get that restitution off if you're currently serving. But when she does come out, 'cause she, she's serving 10 years, I think she did with like two already.


So when she does come out and she gets to work, they should be able to take some of her money Right. Until she passes. Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. Look, ain't that the way they do with us? Absolutely. All right. Speaking of other news in Texas, Texas Republicans want the 10 Commandments to be posted in every public school classroom. The bill filed recently faces opposition from Civil rights group. Amelda Mejia with the Texas Freedom Network says that public schools, schools teach kids of all faith and some who are not religious. And this also violates the separation of church and state. Let's hear from Elda Mejia with the Texas Freedom Network. It's deeply concerning to see that there is an influx of attempts to insert religion into our public schools.


Yet once again, the 10 Commandments are better fit for Sunday schools than they are in Texas public schools. Our neighborhood public schools serve students from all faiths and no faith. And we should really be leaving the idea of religious education to family. Now of course this comes as neighboring Louisiana saw a similar law blocked last week by a federal judge who called it unconstitutional in Louisiana. Republicans want to put also post the 10 Commandments in public school classrooms. Last week a federal judge blocked the legislation saying it was unconstitutional. The state appealed but lost again this time. It was a federal appeals court that shot down the law. Civil rights groups who filed the suit on behalf of parents argue the law is asking to a state to sponsor religion.


If you guys think about that, I mean, we've talked about this before. It's not the worst set of rules to have posted, but there is a separation of state. Yeah, I always thought that You know the one thing about public school is, is they didn't base it off of religion. So it it was kind of religious free. But I think You know even though the 10th Commandments, I think it's, it's a great You know thing to to live by. I just think it's kind of weird 'cause I thought the whole idea of public schools were not to be based off any religion. That's what I thought. I could Be wrong. Right. The separat No, you're right. The separation of church and state and bringing things home to New York. New York is getting a new police commissioner Ma Mayor Eric Adams says Department of Sanitation Commissioner Jessica Tisch will take the helm of the NYPD starting on Monday, making her the second woman to lead the NYPD.


Now Tisch spent 12 years with the NYPD, with Mayor Adams calling her a battle tested leader who implemented several technological developments for the NYPD, including the city's first text to 9 1 1 capability. She also managed the implementation of police body worn program. Let's hear more from Mayor Eric Adams and Jessica Tisch on their forthcoming as she gets ready to start. As of new police commissioner, commissioner Tisch does not have to be in city government. She's here because of the love of the city. Coming from a family that has been committed and dedicated to the betterment of New York City and using her experience and expertise to take us to the next level.


In my dozen years at the department, I had the opportunity to work with some of the most extraordinary public servants. People who run toward the danger when everyone else runs away. It is now my privilege to lead you and I'm looking forward to coming home. Yep. Tish called the appointment an extraordinary responsibility. Vowing that she will always honor the work of cops, the work cops do on the streets. So New York, you've got a new police commissioner. There you have it. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit BIN news.com.


What's that? Who? Sid. What? Alright. Thank. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back Tel Far Clemons will be joining us. Of course. The founder of Tel Far Bags and apparel. He opened up a new store. That's right. A brick and mortar store in Manhattan. We're gonna talk to Tel Far when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just Aria Charlemagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. He got a special guest in the building from Queens, New York. Queens get the money and he got a lot of it. He got a lot of it. Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome brother. Hey Baby. What's up? What's up Breakfast Club. Good morning. How you feeling this morning?


Yeah, I feel good. I'm glad to be here with y'all. Lots of new things going on. Yes. It's like I'm back in being to a Manhattan night, so I'm like lots of cool things are coming to the city. Mm, that's right. So You know I had to come and drop y'all off of the newest news and all the new things. What is the newest news? Well first off, November 23rd, the Tel Far store opens. Congratulations. Manhattan, New York. New York. In New York City. We're gonna bring back You know going downtown Soho shopping. Loitering, You know I'm gonna be down there where? Where all the fake bags are and the real ones.


And we can pick and choose. Yeah. But they just recently did a sting and they said they got $40 million worth of fake bags off the streets. That's horrible. That's horrible. And why's that horrible? Leave those people alone. I'm like yeah, what did it like I totally everything. They don't have anything better to do. Yeah. You know. It's like I love to be able to go down. I love seeing my bag down there. I'm like that's when You know you made it. But that doesn't affect the sales though. You know the fact that somebody can get your bag fake. It's the same Price. Oh I know. That's right. It's The same price. I know that's right. I made good friends with all the bag dealers down there. They're very sweet men. Very sweet men. That's Definitely like a different way of looking at it. I love that. I love that you are not trying to You Know. No You know. It's like the bag's the same price.


Right. You know. I get it. So it's like we're gonna be on the same street. We're sharing the same turf. You know they might be selling the same bag. You know. How long has it taken for you to actually get your store? You've been talking about it for a while. Yeah, I dropped the news actually here two years ago when I said it. My team started like scrambling to try to do it and we're like, wait, if we're gonna do it, we need to really do it. It shouldn't be a popup. So this isn't a popup and it's on the eve of the 20th year anniversary of this brand. Which is really cool because this is what I wanted to do. You know. Yeah. The whole time. Because this is the type of brand that is 360 that you need to kind of experience everything together in one place.


You know it's tying back to the TV station that we have Tel Far tv. So a lot of the people that come to the store will get a chance to be a part of that TV process. And that's where all the new runway shows are gonna be. And yeah, it's just like You know the clothes are made for a certain type of person and like the stores that exist You know that person isn't really like catered to You know I'm a unisex brand. There's not that section in Right. You know any store so I have to do it myself. And I think it's gonna be a really interesting experience that people are gonna be able to take part in. So well You have enough product. Right. Because that's one thing people always say that when they try to buy your bags or your stuff is sold out, They're sold out.


Sold. So if you ever stood up sold with only one bag in it because it's sold, sold out, how are you gonna fix that problem? I see. That's why I don't Knock the people on Canal Street. That's why you don't knock. Exactly. You go back down there, you said That's right. They might have it before. You know we're good friends now. So You know the real ones are out there. But I mean like there's no more like you don't have to wait for the drops. Like when you go to the store, you can basically get any bag, any size, any color. Ooh. And even bags that you haven't even seen yet will be there. And then also too, the main thing is like You know really getting to experience the clothing. So there's one section that's for clothing, one section that's for bags and then one section that's for tv.


And all those things will Be coincide Experience. But does that make you nervous though? Because one of the, the things about Tel Far were people love the bags, they love the clothes, but some of the mystique was trying to get it right. Right. Because You know it's sold out. You gotta get the drop before the drop date. Yeah. Like that was part of the mystique of getting kind of like with sneakers. Right. You want to get, you wanna win it on that app. Yeah. But if everybody gets to this like, ah, I don't want it. So how does that affect business? Well I think that that's not what we were trying to do in the first place. Oh you see that? Like Yeah. That's just a beautiful thing that happened and it helped to like, 'cause that's when I took the business basically like independent You know. Like we weren't like trying to sell to stores. This was kind of during Covid and it really sh it was like the most beautiful thing.


'cause that's when I realized that You know the brand was bigger than what Yeah. You know like a store could project how much to buy or like You know the industry could predict how much you can sell in a season. You know. It was like bigger than that. So I, it was reassurance of this next process that You know should happen Now for people that that don't know. You were here a couple of years, two, three years ago and you talked about this, but I want for people that's just listening now 'cause some people might have just heard about you in the last two years. Right. Latecomers. Latecomers. For, for people That don't know, the first question I would get was, you're from Queens, New York, left Rack City. Left Rack City Hood, the same place as Norrie, right? Yeah. How did a young boy from nor from Left Rack get into making bags and how did it become successful?


Clothes and fashion? Fashion totality. You know, I, I always have been interested in clothes. I've always had like You know my own perspective on what I wanted to wear. I love both women and men's clothing and the right type of thing that I was allowed to wear. Or You know. Like I come from West African parents You know I'm from Liberia and there's like You know a certain way of how you should dress and how you should carry yourselves And. I completely like was not with that. Yeah. So it was like I wanted to be me like literally like actively tried not to go to any school that had uniforms or anything like that. 'cause that's the way I expressed myself. You know what I mean? So from very young, I knew what I wanted to do, but I didn't know what that, that was a job.


I wanted to be an accountant. I was like really, really, really, really, really good at accounting. You know. So I, that's what I thought I was gonna do. And then be able to like buy and You know like afford the clothes that You know that I saw and when I actually like was going down that path, I'm like, wait, I'm really interested in fashion and making it and selling it to people rather than like math. And also too, it's like the things that I wanted to wear didn't exist. You know. And it didn't exist for like You know, like a person like me to be like, oh that's the thing that I wanna wear. It's like, where can you get that? It's like I have to make it. Yeah. You know. So it was like challenging myself and You know the industry that I'm in to kind of understand where I was coming from.


Which is like, I think that I actually had to like divorce myself from the industry to, to be able to do You know because it's just like, it's not made for the type of brand that I am Now. In the last four years, your brand has become one of the biggest black-owned brand names. Wow. And without any investors, without any stores, any traditional advertising. How the hell did you do all that? It's the people. It's the people. You know. Like you see a mirror of yourself. Even like how I relate to the internet is like, I don't really use it. It's like I just see other people that post things You know. Like they post themselves in the bag, they post their lives. Right. You know. And it's like really the bag is like this entryway that people begin to like enter into the brand and like kind of understand what's behind it.


But it's like You know. It's like I've been doing this for 20 years, You know and each, each year I make two, two collections a year. You know. And this bag has helped us be able to kind of communicate it and people can get a piece of it in this kind of way. And I'm excited to see how You know it being available there being a store. This third component in the business now. Like what happens in real life? 'cause it's a real life brand. It's not an internet brand. Yeah. You know. Yeah. It's like before the internet. It's like you can't even Google me. Ah, we got more with Telfa You know the owner of Tel Far the bag and clothing line when we come back is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne and Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Tel Far Clemens the founder of the fashion brand and bag line Tel Far now. Jess. Yes. Tel far. One thing I noticed is you never change your prices. Like even when everything, because listen, I'm be honest with you, I didn't buy one until I seen Beyonce with it. I got really so far back. Yes, I got Latecomer. Yes. I'm, I definitely was a latecomer, I'll admit. But I, I just love the fact that even with that, the all the, the recent success, everything, you still have not skyrocketed your prices. Like some designers Do. Money doesn't buy style. Money doesn't buy style. Like the Brokest people are the flyest people ever, always been like that's like where style and style and culture isn't bought You know what I mean?


That's like again, latecomer attitude. You know, You know And, I really. Like that's the person that I want to be able to be in things. It's like I'm not necessarily, it's like broke, but it's just like, it's not a challenge You know what I mean? It's like if you're gonna try something new that you haven't ever worn before, never tried before, type of thing you never seen before. It's like you should be able to get it. Test drive it around, get three colors of it. That's right. Throw it away, give it to your friend, take it back. You know, take it back, wash it in the washing machine You. know what I mean? It's like that's the type of fashion that is fashion to me. People You know people For a long time thought Beyonce was an investor. Right? Me? Yeah. Who thought that?


I thought I seen it online because she wore, she wears the bag. So people like You know Beyonce just don't wear anything. She has, she has a lot of investment like in both my brain knowledge, You know, just like that's a person I've followed my entire life. Like that's like legend Icon also too, just like the Knowles family, like Solange was one of the first people to ever wear a Telfa bag and have a Telfa bag and like have me participate in like a project that she's doing. So it's like just the sweetest, most beautiful people. So I if they're investors yes. In that sense. Yeah. Yeah in that sense. But You know, I think like everybody's an investor in that sense. You know. And how Did you meet that family? How did you meet the Knowles family? Through Solange.


Through Solange? Yeah. Like we met each other. We did a project at the Guggenheim when she was like doing, doing her album rollout for a seat at the table. Yeah. Yeah. I had just gotten back from Europe, loved the album. She was asking me to do this thing at the Guggenheim, which was like really cool. This one of a kind one time performance. Like everybody wore white, like, and You know, like I dressed like the entire cast of this like performance. I think I don, it was like maybe like 50, 60 people. That's dope. And that was like one of the first things that like You know, like, kind of like the style of like runway shows that I wanna do are like, it's involved in that You know what I mean?


That's like, it's not like walking down a catwalk like that You know. It's like 'cause music style. Gotcha. Art You know. That's why just new things You know and it's just like a memorable experience. And that was like one of the first most beautiful things that I got to do. You know What is Tel Far tv? What, what can we expect? Tel Far tv. You're on it right now. Oh that's right. It's a interactive public access experience that's kind of very similar to like the energy that you see online and in all of our videos that we make. But I think in more long form, I would say. And also too, it's like you can add things to it yourself by posting your own videos on it.


I think we're building it right now. I think with the TV station and different projects that are coming on and just like You know being here right now, I record every day of my life. And you have a camera on your glasses? Yeah. So that's my glasses. Wow. That's dope. You know. So you, each time that you see me with these glasses, you get to be a part of this experience that is Tel far tv. Yes. So you are always a fly on the wall. Yeah, I'm a fly on the wall. That's Right. You know. I keep my mouth shut. You know. But it's like, it's been a part of just different projects. That's how we release different clothes sometimes. It's like different things are going on in my life. And rather than having like a camera crew with me all the time, it's like I'm the camera crew.


I see how people actually react to me. Yeah. You know. So it's like, yeah, it is like this very like kind of unique practice to how I want to start releasing clothes. I Wanna ask, I noticed like when, when you Google your bags, you see a lot of designers starting to copy what you do. I see y'all too, right? Yes. And what I was saying, any names like Coach, how does that they look very similar. Shout, Shout out to Stuart Aver, who is like a very, very, very good mentor doing CFDA and You know. Like, it is just, it's what it is. A but I'm gonna let you speak. I'm let, I'm gonna let you speak.


So I, I Gonna say a lot of that stuff looks exactly like the line that you put out, but You know, how does that affect you? Because you design it, you put your heart and energy into it, and to see other people mimic to what you're doing, how does that affect you and the brand and the business Without and you mentally Yeah. Without Collaborating. Without it trying to be collaborative. Yeah. And I. Think like You know I have really, really, really, really, really beautiful customers and a fan base that like if You know You know You know and I'm not in competition with them. You know. I started doing this thing kind of like as like when I made that bag, it was based off of the Bloomingdale shopping bag. And I was like just around during Christmas. And I was like, damn, everybody looks so good when they have, when they've come from shopping.


I was like, bags all sizes. I was like, damn, everybody looks good. A man, a baby, a You know. Like everybody looks good. I was like, I was like, I wanna make a bag like that. And I want a bag like that that has my logo on it. You know what I mean? And we started like that and then we started to refine what it was made out of. And we were like, You know, like maybe it should be made outta something that's not, it's like, I'm not like this type of person that's like it needs to be this material and this material I'm like is more like, is it useful? Like do you look good You know what I mean? And like what it is, it can be categorized in all different kinds of ways. So it's like we decided to call it a vegan leather bag that was just like this joke on people that like You know Esteem Vegan.


That's still like You know it is like I eat meat but it's is vegan because it's not leather. So it's like when we did that and just like all these different takes on things that on the industry standard of what is desirable and what is fashion You know what I mean? Was like it was really a take on that. Having that be like actually like You know the mascot and the vehicle that got me to the place that I am. I'm like thankful for that. 'cause everybody can take place in that. Just like, it's like this New York thing that just became global You. know what I mean? But we make a lot of different bags out You. know what I mean? Did you bring one? I did. Oh Ray did I? I Did. I was gonna say I did. I did. And also too, I have a really big surprise.


Okay. Like a really big surprise. Okay. Well it's not too big. It is not too small. It's not too small. It's size. It's such a mystery size in between. Okay. It's a size in between that everybody's been asking for. Like literally I get hate mail about not making this size a bag. So this is gonna be available only at the store. Oh gosh. And only with you guys. I love it today. I love you. And also too, I brought you guys the new gear from the store. That's What I'm talking about. Oh my gosh. Did we bring the ITC New York? I might be lying And if I did that. No, you're lying. You're Telling the truth.


I don't lie. Everything. I don't lie. Now keep it locked. We got more with Tell four when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with tail Far Now I want, I wanna ask, is there more pressure for, for black designers? Like I look at some of the black designers and when they put out clothes, I feel like they get crucified a whole lot more. Like I don one of designers, Kirby, he was in my A for a couple of months. People were criticizing him. Oh, Kirby Hope you're well. You know. So do you get criticized more? Do you feel like they criticize black designers more than white designers or other designers I should say? I mean first off, let's just start at like, white designers aren't called white designers. Mm.


You know. That's true. They're just called designer And it's that ball be Yeah. You know. It is that level of it is like I have, I have to really learn that You know. 'cause it's like when I first started making clothes, I think people thought I was Japanese just because of the aesthetic of what the clothes are and these different things. And like when they saw me they were like, oh You. know what I mean? Yeah. And I had to just like really that's like with within the other person and within like our own community too of like what you're supposed to look like. And, I love being able to challenge what that is. Yeah. You know. And also to everybody being able to accept that as not just like a black thing, but just like a thing on fashion is like when I travel all over The World, I take little bits and pieces of these things and it starts to come back to these things.


But then again, I'm like in left racket, I'm like, oh, And I know what this is. And I know what that is. And on that person it becomes this whole new world of like what it can be. I think getting it first and getting it, having it hard is like, part of fashion is like, if you actually believe in it, it is like take the hard road. It is like if you actually wanna look like that and you are that girl or that person, like do that. Like again, like I said, like I will walk down the street and people will be like, You know that's what you actually know. You might be doing something. Right. And if you actually just look like that, it's like I'm not changing my clothes every day. I didn't change my clothes every day. You know like back in the day and like I, I, I ride a bike everywhere. But it's like I really respect the person that it's like, I wore this this morning.


I took the train, came home, went to this thing. It's like you're actually that person. You're not putting on a costume like Instagram or something Like that. You know. You make enough money now where you don't gotta take the train everywhere now You know the the train. Well I haven't taken the train in a very long time. And I don't even think I took the train back in the day like that. Okay. Because I ride a bike everywhere. Like I said, I ride a bike. Queens, Brooklyn, Manhattan in all in one day. You know and handle all my business from all year round. So it is like, I've never been like, it is like whenever I get on the train, it doesn't come. That's how You know. I'm like, I'm actually from Left Rock City. If You know about that, it is like when you get on the train and it doesn't come, but you have to get back out and Yeah. You know. Yeah. The fashion. When you first broke into the industry, you, you did it independently, right?


Did any of the fashion houses try to box you out? Because the way that you moved was totally different from anywhere else? I think You know. I just had like, I like what I do. It is like I've gotten offers from everybody and it was around a specific time around like 2020 when people wanted a black face to be a mascot for a brand that's not black owned. You know to be acceptable for the time being. You see 20, 24 things are shifting back. It is like, I enjoy what I do. I have the freedom to do what I wanna do. Say what I want to say You know, which is really important. Have the freedom to choose when I put out a collection. Yeah. How I put it out. And with food.


You know And. I couldn't imagine being able to do that in the system. It's like, like I said, I had to actively choose to leave the fashion industry because I'm like, it's not what this brand's about You know. Now. Beyonce, do you send to every piece of clothing or bag y that you put out? Beyonce. I heard she does it herself. She orders online. She's the queen. I. Don't know. I haven't even ordered online. I think she hits someone up and she has good people working for her. So Yeah. I can't, I can't like she works in mysterious ways. I'm like that's right. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't even know we did that. You know you still Giddy. You still get giddy and excited anytime you see her wearing a bag. I get giddy and excited when I see like everybody wearing a bag. Everybody. Yeah. Like I get giddy and excited when I see you wearing a sweatshirt.


You know it is like I watch y'all show in the morning like you guys are the voices of the morning You Know my wife stole the sweatshirt by the way. I just want you to know that. Oh yeah. Definitely stole last for sure. Well, November 23rd you can come down to this store, get another 4 0 8 Broadway at Canal Street. We're bringing downtown back. We can loiter. You can try some. Absolutely. Oh wait again. Amen. As Telfa starts bringing in the gifts, My God, this is the new bag. It's the new size. It's the new size. It's the new size. It's not too big. It's not this far new gave Thank you so much.


Yes. And it is available Only, only only at our store for only a short million short amount of time. So like, you gotta get it. You can only get it at the store. Maybe we'll put it online. Do you think we should put it online? Yes. Hell Yeah. You know it's the size everybody's been asking for. Yes, Yes. Thank you so much. Oh, you're so welcome. And also envy. I got you a sweatshirt. Has That's, I love it. Thank you so much. Bless it. ITC New York. I love it. ITC in New York. You see you can get the Canal Street Look. That's just like DJ and Me. And check out the back. Check out the back. Check out back DJ And me.


Check out the back. Tell us what that says. Tell us what that says. Oh eight Broadway, New York. 8 7 7 Sexy bag text. Yes. You can call to request a bag for those of you at home that can't make it to the store. November 23rd is the opening of the store. But hopefully this store will be open forever and many years to come. Yeah. So don't all come the same day. You know. You know. I mean, what do you expect? You having a block party Don't all come the same day unless you're with the, and then let's do it. You know. Now tell us about that day. So you're doing a grand opening, you're doing a block party Today. We're doing a grand opening. And You're doing something for, for people to perform. Right? Oh My god Damn envy. What? Okay. I mean you perform and if you win, you get a free bag.


You know I'm not gonna be out there performing. What? Okay, you just got all the information. Sony, see You. Listen to DJ Envy. Listen to the source. The party and the opening is gonna be November 23rd. If you want to come by and be a part of Telfa TV on that day, please just stop by and see us or don't and come the next day. The 24th or the 25th or the 26th or the 27th or the 28th or the 29th or the 30th. I don't think You first 20th. The 32nd. Think on Christmas. Yeah, It is. Like, I think we might be You know, like I wanna do really interesting things with this store.


It is not all about shopping. So sometimes we'll have a TV show being taped there at the same time. Maybe we'll be shooting a music video. Maybe we'll be having a drink. But yeah, I just want things to work differently and yeah, I'm excited. I am too. I'm happy. Happy to be here for breakfast. That's right. And where did your name Bushwick Birkin came from? Where did that come from? Damn it came From the internet. I'm like, damn. To far shopper You know like why Everything gotta be related to a Birkin. Like Who's this woman? They're like, why do y'all Want that bag? You know. And I. Guess like You know I can take the esteem or whatever the street says it is. But You know to far shopper and lots more to come.


That's Right. Yeah. Thank you so Much. Well we appreciate You for joining us. November 23rd. Yes. November 23rd. It's, it's the grand opening of the first store, canal Street and Broadway. And make sure you head out there. There's gonna be all types of things given away. There's gonna be a lot of fun. There's gonna be performances. And go out there and make sure you support and purchase somebody You. know your, your fans and your supporters. They don't play about you. They don't play about y'all either. Play I, don't play about y'all either. This is your store. Please come and bless it. You know. Treat us well. That's like You know. Let let the city be what it used to be. Mm. You Know. You know. Well it's tell fall Clemmens. We appreciate it. We appreciate all the gifts and everything. Thank you so much. She have that on tomorrow. Just With the sh.


Just with the sh. It's tell fall. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's ej nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Charlemagne wasn't here for the tel far interview. Nah. I miss my guy Tel far. Man. Man, look between your legs right now. What The hell? Don't listen to him. Jess, split out. Don't pay him no attention. Pull it Out. There you go. You know between your legs. He left. Left Like what? The telfa got you excited. Just It left you a little gift. Yes. Look at that. Telfa left you a Little G. Nice. Thank you. Thank you Telfa. I appreciate you brother. I heard y'all two queens from Queens just sitting here Cat. Yes. Yes. He gave me a bag. I got a Bagg. Yes. That's dope.


A bag that didn't even come out yet. And he's debating whether he wants to put it online or in the stores yet. So I'm the first one. I got You. Alright, Let's get to just with the mess y'all Moore just don't Do no lying. Don't just world on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. Alright. Alright. So my computer decided to glitch. But anyway, all right. Teslin and Amber Rose exchange words. So we recently had Tatlin Figueroa uphill on The.


Breakfast Club. And she spoke on why she felt Kamala Harris did not win the election. So From the girl you didn't think Kamala was gonna win you, You no. Right out the gate. No, no, no. Course She's a black woman or Yeah, Absolutely. America was not going to vote for a woman of color. Period. And no, in the history of black woman and white women allyship, alleged allyship. I have never known a white woman to give a job to a woman of color before they got it. That includes even McDonald's on fries. They didn't give it to Hillary Clinton. They were not gonna give it to her. I know there was hope. I know you talked about You know believing in us, but it was never about us believing in us. It was about us knowing them all right. And then Amber Rose had something to say.


She said, what the f is she talking about? Most white people in America voted for Obama. Both terms start with all the white supremacy, oppression, BS. She's sitting on the biggest black media platforms in the country. Kamala was in over her head. I'm sure she's relive. Relieved that she lost. Now it's time for a real alpha to make America great again. But Tyson don't duck no smoke. I know Te came with a hundred million, a hundred million characters. And you Already know. Straight, straight shot. No chaser. She is sad. But, but this was a classy read. I'm sur I'm You know. I'm, I'm actually, I'm actually happy that she responded this way very classy. Reid. She said Amber Rose Obama is a man. Ma'am. So what the effort are you talking about? Ma'am? I actually gave you a little credit for your efforts when I said I understand why Trump thought you added some level of value.


So you may wanna watch the full interview before you come for me. I'm not like the others that you like to play with on the internet. And this ain't College Hill. Woo. I School people like you with ease. So relax and, and follow your fellow Trumpers advice and stop being emotional. And before you respond back, I invite you to go live with me to discuss anytime You know she loved to discuss, to Live. She definitely loved the live With She love, but she love live to discuss. Tess. Ready? Yeah. And Amber is not. So I just think that she need to just chill. Did Amber reply? No. Oh, I a good debate. I'll be here for that Amber. Just 'cause I like chaos. Right, right. And I. But I, I I just Think, damn, how you talking to Michael Jackson? This now like, what, what the hell was that?


Jess? Hey yo, shut Up y'all. But no, that'll be something that I would be interested in seeing. I I really, honestly, I said this before, I'm gonna say it again. I just think it, it'll just be she, Amber is such a airhead to me. Yeah. Like Yeah. What the public school desk full he is. I just don't, I I just, I can't get past, I can't get past how airheaded she is. I just Don't understand why, why I go back and forth. Her guy is in, her guy is in office. So there's, there's no reason to even respond any of Well, well I I feel like that on both sides. I know people are gonna be debating about You know why the VP lost for a long time. But guess what? To your point, it be Donald Trump is president. He's in and right now Republicans are organizing strategizing, ploting planning while You know Democrats just sitting around debating why the VP lost it's time to get to work.


Yeah. I don't agree that that's why she lost what Te said. I don't, I just don't think she had enough time. I think it's just a couple things, but I I don't think that we're never gonna see a black woman President I don't think that or a woman President, Woman president at all. But, And that's what I keep saying. Like the VP had 74 million votes. She had the most votes of any Democrat, the second most votes of any Democratic presidential nominee ever. Yeah. She did that in 107 days. Raised over a billion dollars. Exactly. She ain't got that. Was her campaign flawless? No. Is she a flawless candidate? No. But she don't got nothing to be ashamed of. Exactly. She lost to somebody who's been running for a decade and say what you want. Pretty much Been running all this life You know the Trump name You know and to say what you want. You, it is not, I can't think of too many times, probably one other time in my lifetime that I've seen a presidential candidate be a cultural force.


Yeah. The way Trump is. Yeah. It's just a fact. Him, Obama and Clinton in my lifetime. Mm. Well trick daddy on Diddy parties is doing an episode of his cooking show. He was with Ms. Pat and he, it talks about why he didn't attend any Diddy parties. Did you go to Diddy parties? They they don't wanna fight. No. Like me at Diddy parties, my homeboy would robbed that. Put your up and raise your hand and drop your money in your wallet in this basket. I ain't back. No did party. I ain't, I'm not a Didi party as m not that kind of dude. Don't get it twisted. I feel sorry for Didi. Not only, but lemme tell you, I feel sorry for hip hop. I feel sorry for the black culture.


And I. Feel sorry for people that prejudge other people because when they see who's on these table, when they hear the allegations of the other people, that's coaches come on my business. I don't want to know who on that tape. I don't care. No, it's gonna come. You, you ain't gotta want know it's about to come out. Hey yo. Damn. Mm. Yo. You see how you went from I ain't never been to funny. I robbed that. Put your hands Up. Put your pee in up. But yeah, But I feel sorry for Diddy and anybody that's on them tapes here. Yo, that is so funny to me. How people just can't not say nothing about it. I think it's hilarious. I Just wanna know how you put your PP up, how you just put it away. So y'all tuck it, Put it up and, and put your hands up.


I'm gonna rob you. Some People like when it's tucked and it's like now it's really a party. What, What are you talking about? Stupid? I'm, I'm done. Mick Mill also recently had a meltdown about alleged Diddy parties. But You know he can't type I. Don't even know. I don't, I don't even need, Man, why you be on Meek Man? Why? I'm just saying Meek Mill had a meltdown on the Game party. He did. He wished him the best while he was in jail. That's what he said. He just, why he wishes him the best Y'all. I just thought he said no. Did he like a few days ago? He Did. He did last week he said it. But he may, he may, he may have You know recanted that like You know what I was, I was in my feelings that day. And I just wish you the best because him and Diddy's still cool.


I I presume You know they probably still cool. I'm sure not. I wish him the best. About what now? Gimme some context. What's going on? Wish him I wish him well. I wish him well. Oh, so why he in there? Oh, so, so he said the no Diddy thing, but then he must have gotta change your heart and said Okay. But even when he said that last week, I just felt like there was something to say. I just felt like Meek was just being meek and he just said it like, You know whatever. Just throwing something out there. I think Meek was upset that they would keep connecting him and Diddy together. Like they keep connecting him in parties and They got a picture in matching outfits. Meek just put out some music, bro. Yeah, That's, that's better. Stop. Put out some music and just stop talking about you in any type of Diddy situation. Yeah. Like what is, I don't understand like the only, nobody's keeping this alive more than Meek.


Yeah. Like We just be sitting around minding our business, not even thinking about it. I look, well look, his tweet said they putting black men in jail off stories. I wish Puff Well he's a black man. I hope he didn't do most of the s they saying he did. Why y'all so scared to talk? Y'all must got ish in the closet. My past the streets is nothing to hide. That's 'cause he types with no punctuation. So it's like a long run on sentence. But I hope I did well with that. But yeah, he just wished him well. He's a black man in jail and he hope he didn't do everything that they saying that he did. Mm. Yeah. That's It. Put out, put out music. Meek Rap Annette is just with the mess. Thank You. Jess Charlamagne. Who we giving that down you Man? Four after the hour, we need a man named Robert Ada to come to the front of the congregation.


That's last name. We would like to have a word with him. I believe it's Ada. But lemme tell you something. What he did is so diabolical. Put it like this. I didn't know they had abortion pills, but we'll discuss. Alright. And then after that, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What? You just heard your name and you was like, what? What, what? No abortion pills. Anyway, go ahead. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Just fix my messes. After that, it's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go read. He gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve to. People need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them it's time for Donkey of the Day.


It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass. Charlamagne Charlamagne Charlamagne. Who you dust here today too. Now Well, sexy Red Donkey today for Thursday, November 21st goes to a 43-year-old man named Robert Kawata. He's from Brookline, Massachusetts. And he is absolutely pro-Choice. I think see, pro-choice is when you believe that everyone has the right to decide when and whether to have children. But what about when you want to make the decision for a said person? What do you call that? What do you call it when a grown ass adult wants to make the decision for another grown ass adult on whether or not they should have a child somewhere? Right now, there is a man trying to convince a woman not to have a baby some somewhere.


Right now there's a woman telling a man I cannot keep your baby. And he's begging her not to abort the baby. But it's her body, her choice. You can have some input, you can suggest some things, but the reality is, if she wants to keep the baby, she will. If she wants to get rid of the baby, she will. You can't get mad at a woman that does not want You know to have an abortion. Okay? You should have thought about that before you decided to go wrong. All right. You knew you was riding that horse without a saddle and you made a conscious decision to shoot her club up. Felt good night of it, didn't it? Huh? Felt good, didn't it? Huh? Baggy jeans wilda be clocks pretty Women you put it in them, shot up in them. Deadly venom. Now you wanted to have an abortion. Okay? I know a woman who got pregnant, the man convinced her not to have it when they was leaving the health center.


They got in the car and when he turned the car on the first song on the radio was Usher. There goes, my baby woman burst into tears. Now she's traumatized. She can't even listen to Usher. Didn't go to his residency in Vegas. Didn't watch the Super Bowl performance. She don't even go to church anymore because it's ushers there. The moral of the story is abortions are traumatic. Okay? They are traumatic when you get them intentionally. So imagine what happens when you get one against your will when someone forces one on you. What do you mean Uncle Sharla? When someone forces one on you. Well, let's go to Channel five, Boston for the report please. Robert Kawata wearing, wearing a surgical mask when facing a judge on several charges, including attempted poisoning. The 43-year-old from Brookline is accused of tricking his pregnant ex-girlfriend into taking iron supplements that police say were actually misoprostol pills to end pregnancies.


It's alleged that the defendant would also check the victim's mouth by pulling on the victim's cheeks to ensure she had consumed the pills according to his directions. Prosecutors say Ada also set up a supposed fake nurse who called the victim and advised her to take the pills. Kawata provided when the victim suffered a miscarriage in May, she called the nurse's number. At that point she discovered it was an internet based phone number, which she now believed was a fake number. And the person who had called her from that number, she believed to be a fake nurse. Search and ADA's cell phone included Misa protal, dissolved Misa protal. When does fetus pass and telephone voice changer. Robert, this man is diabolical.


This is what Big Worm was talking about when he told Smokey he wasn't applying himself. There is nothing a human can't accomplish when they apply themselves. This is a devilish, wicked, evil, ungodly, unholy scheme that he came up with and it worked. You telling me that a man who can come up with a plan this meticulous can't do anything, he puts his mind to, he acted like he cared for this woman. He acted like he cared for this unborn child and encouraged her to take iron pills. The woman's instinct kicked in right this, that sixth sense that only a woman has. And she was reluctant to take the pills. Well, she trusted Robert because his father was A-O-B-G-Y-N. Now I'm gonna tell you something. You deserve at least the he. Okay? Just the he. Not the whole he haw, but his father is an O-B-G-Y-N, not him.


Okay? So why would you trust him? They're not even in the same league. Hell, Bronny James is actually in the NBA and he not his daddy. So imagine Robert not even being in the medical field trying to convince you to take pills because of what his father does. And you believe him, first of all, and y'all for I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary. I had no idea there was an abortion pill. Did you? No. I know about plan B, but I didn't know it was a whole pill that makes it convenient to off the baby. What can't you do on demand nowadays? No, They, they have the pill. A lot of women have to take it, especially if they go through pregnancy and they know it's something's wrong with the pregnancy. The doctor give 'em a pill. So it helps with the, I had no idea abortion quicker. I had no idea. Wow. Listen man.


Adults should be able to sit down and have these conversations. Tell the woman you're not ready to be a father. Tell the woman you can't afford to take care of the baby. Just lay it all out on the table so then that woman can get prepared to do whatever it is she wants to do. It's her body. It's her choice. Shouldn't be a federal ban on abortion. Shouldn't be up to the state she lives in. Damn sure. Shouldn't be up to no man she was dating. It should be her choice. And I know you anti-abortion. People are furious right now. You have to be disgusted at what Robert Kawata did. If you don't like people getting abortions willingly, then you must be appalled that he deceived this woman into having an abortion. And. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you anti-abortion people something in this case, I agree with you.


I don't believe abortion is murder, but I believe unwillingly giving someone abortion pills to cause them to have an abortion, that's absolutely murder. Okay. Robert Kawana has already been charged with poisoning assaulting battery with a dangerous weapon on a pregnant person and assaulting battery on a household. A family member gone and give him a baby slaughter charge. Okay, this is premeditated baby murder I. Don't even know if those are real charges. I don't even know if that's a real thing, but it needed to be. Please give Robert Kawana the biggest. He haw first degree baby slaughter. That's crazy. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, Jess, fix my mess.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need relationship advice at any type of advice, you can call Jess right now. (800) 585-1051. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. It's about me. Relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up. Hey Dr. Jess, I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's giving very much messy. Let me fix this morning. Everybody's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We have Kathy on the line. Kathy, good morning. Good morning guys. How are you guys? Good morning. What's your question for Jess?


So Jess, I just wanted kind of like an insight. I'm dating a 27-year-old Muslim man. I am 36 years old. He's a business owner here in Miami. He has about 10 bodegas here. And the reason why I fell in love with him is because he was a boss. You know, right? He runs his stores, he makes money, he's financially stable, he is very mature for his age. But recently we just moved in together and it's like he's regressing Jess. Like he's not even acting like a 27-year-old. He's acting like a 19-year-old And I. Don't know what to do because like I kind of feel like I was blindfolded in a way. Yeah. You know. Yeah.


Well, So last night I kind of blew up, not blew up in a bad way, but I kind of was like exhausted. And. I was just like, you gotta go. And now I feel guilty. You kicked him out. It's so helpful. It's so great. You you kicked him out? I I asked him to leave. I think I need space, but I kind of did ask him to leave. Okay. So everything was going great. Everything is going great. He's 27 and You know. How old are you? I'm 36 And you're 30. Oh, that's why you easily can pinpoint the childish and everything too. Okay. Exactly. Yeah. But you weren't, you didn't see any of that until you moved in with them, right? I mean so he moved in with you? So he moved in with me. Gotcha. Correct. Okay. Because you never really know somebody until you are around them every day until you have to wake up and go to sleep with them every day.


So that's, I think that's why How long y'all been together? I've known him for six years and like I said, I've known him for six years. So he is been his boss for like six years and we've been dating for like a year and a half. But I'm so confused how like he can regress like that. Like everything he needs my, my reassurance. He needs me to say yes baby. He needs me to pat him on his back and I'm not trying to raise him. Yeah. I have a daughter. Right. Have you had this convers have you had this conversation with him? I did last night. Oh my God. How did that go? What happened? What he saying? He kind of like, his jaw dropped to the floor obviously because he's madly in love with me. Yeah. And everything's going well on his end. Yeah. But I'm kind of to the point in my life where it's like, I want that man, that force.


Yeah. That, that backbone You know. Yeah. And that's what he was for the past six years. But now it's it's unbelievable. Really. Yeah. Well I think that was his representative that you was talking to You know that y'all were y Yep. Before he moved in like that. He was a different person before y'all You know because he, he did what he had to do to court you. And then now his real self is coming out. You know. He, he may be like, he acts like a mama's boy, right? Yep. That's kind of like what I'm thinking. Yeah. Like maybe like you're missing that kind of Yeah. Love from your mom and you're kind of like seeing me like that, but Right. I'm straight on That. Is he right? Is he close with his mother? He is very close and like I said, he's, he's Muslim. He's the first son.


So he has crazy responsibility. They turned to him for everything. And. I. Yeah. And, and so imagine and so imagine that he's 27 and he's been the breadwinner in his house and he's been the only person that's been making the money. Making money and that can take care of his family for a long time. So he had to grow up kind of quick as what it sounds like. And he wants to be nurtured. 'cause he is always, he's always been the provider. Well he's been the provider for a long time. You're So right. Yeah. So I think if, if you want that there, you may need to obtain a little bit more patience. But if not, shoot. Just You know he can be a good friend. Exactly. And then he can, y'all can revisit that once he hit his thirties or something like that. And, and just to be honest with you, really quick, like another thing too is again, as I mentioned, he is Muslim And I, respect that.


But I would either need to convert into Muslim or, or just You know break the relationship up. Yeah. Because he does wanna marry a Muslim woman. So it's like futuristic wise at my age, I'm thinking long term. Yeah. Like this is kind of like playing house for me. And I think that's one of my frustrations too. So, okay. Okay. But, and you, and you don't think you gonna take that shahada do you? No. Okay. Yeah, so No, he got it. He better off as your friend Boo. But the, the year and a half it sounds like it was nice while it lasted. Girl, it was amazing. He is amazing. And You know, I, I I pray And I hope that he finds what he's looking for and gets everything that he deserves and wants and needs. And he continues. And I wish the same for me.


So Yeah. Let let me ask you a question, Jess. One thing that she said that always bothers me is when a woman is dating a guy and things get bad and she kicks the guy out. Right. I'm just thinking if I was that guy, I would never come back to your house because if we are living together, that's ours. But when you get upset, you could just kick me out. Is there anything to that? Well, yeah, I've, I've always see, man, I've kicked men out. And, I felt. Yeah. And then I felt bad though, to be honest, because every time I get angry I would kick somebody out and it, it, it, what it does is it, it messes with their manhood that it mess, it messed with your pride, your dignity and your integrity as a man. And you like yo I don't need want else to do with you. I won't come back there. Yeah. I won't let I ain't leave my toothbrush there again.


'cause you gonna kick me out. Exactly. No, All of this, all of this. Because she don't wanna be Muslim. She don't want to give up that slow roasted pork. That's what that is. First of all, That is Not What is you Dominican Spain. What are you? Huh? Oh my god, ma'am. No, I'm Colombian Trinidadian. And I don't eat pork for my culture. Not. Oh. So thank you. Okay. Whatever. Serious. Thank you boo. But, but just so that you guys know really quick, just so you guys know, I didn't kick him out. Okay? I didn't kick him out. I asked him to leave because I really, My Mental Asked, asked him to leave. Okay. And he respond. I Did. I did. But that's for my mental health. Listen, if you guys are going through problems with your spouses and your significant others, it's, it's okay.


It's a responsible thing to do is to space yourself out and to create distance so you can reflect and then come back. Exactly. And I. Think, I think it's important. I think that's the level headed thing to do and well, thank you. Yeah. Thank you boo. Good luck, Kathy. Thank you guys. Take care. Don't work too hard. All Right. Peace. Kathy. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Just fix my mess. Call us up now. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix Your mess because my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. We in the middle of Just fix my mess. We got Anthony on the line. Anthony, what's up? What's Going on? What's Up? Good morning. Yeah, So I'm calling because me and my daughter You know we split up and she started acting all funny. Got a new guy. Like I got a new woman and I, I I'm asking do, are you guys, do you think that we should speak to each other's significant other before that they meet our young child? Or am I just overthinking it? How do y'all feel about It? You are a parent so you could never overthink something like that. In that capacity, do you, do you feel like that your child's mother would ever bring your daughter around?


Somebody that will harm her? Or do you fully trust her with your child? I mean, I, I do. I I I trust her. But you just never know. I just feel like we should You know, meet with each other's significant other before we You know get our child involved in something Like that. And then, okay, see this is the thing. Sometimes it's not a relationship. Like do You know it to be a relationship? Like sometimes she can just be talking to somebody. Do you think that she should run everybody past you? Like You know or even No, not at all. Yeah, not, not at all. But if you got a You know, got a guy staying at night and You know. Oh Yeah. Absolutely. The night with my child You know. Yes. I absolutely do not think you're overthinking And I think that should be mandatory. That I need to meet who is in and out of the house around my child when I'm not there.


For sure. Is she giving you a problem with that or you just asking me before you take it to her? No, she's just giving me a problem with it. Mm. You know. She's just telling me like she's You know she a girl, woman. She could just do whatever she want to do. Mm. Are y'all over each other? Be honest because you're anonymous. Yeah. Well we over each other You know I'm doing me, she doing her. But we still got a child that I see every single day. And I don't wanna be dropping my child off and you got a man with you. And, I don't know you got that man. You just never know. You know. Yeah. While you're right about that, she could be perceiving it in a different way. She could think that you still have like, she could think that you're bitter, like you just want to cause havoc in her relationship.


Or maybe it's the guy that don't feel like he need to meet you You know what I'm saying? I don't, it is just something there. Because the reason why I asked were y'all over each other is because that, that shouldn't be a problem if y'all are not intimate at all or if y'all don't have feelings for each other way in the back of your mind or, and You know deep down in your heart. Yeah, that's, that shouldn't be an issue on either side, Right? Yeah. So I one about One more thing. She gave my number to her significant other as well without even asking me first. How do you feel about that? I think that's definitely a, a boundary that shouldn't have been crossed. She should have told you or she should have asked you. Is it okay if I give such and such your number? I mean why, why did she give the number? Does your child go with him?


I have no idea. Yeah. See That's a great question. See? Yeah. I don. No, see now I'm about to be like, that's why I call now I'm about to be like court, court court. 'cause she sound like she a problem. Right? Okay. Yeah, definitely consult the courts. Alright, I appreciate you. No problem. No problem. Thank you. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes. Chad Ochocinco and Sherell Rosado, they broke up. Right? But don't nobody know why. She just came out and told everybody why. Okay. All right. We'll get into that. Next. It's juicy. It's The, Breakfast Club the morning, The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess Real Jessica.


Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spend nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it off. Alright, so last month Shell Rosado shared a tweet announcement that she was no longer with Chad Ochocinco. She said, Chad And I are no longer together. Please stop tagging us. He is a free man. Ladies, according to a source, Sherell allegedly caught Chad cheating with another woman in their bed. And it was apparently caught all on tape.


And the rumors have been, there have been rumors the whole time of him cheating on her throughout their whole relationship. But when social media, when a social media user celebrated their breakup, Sherell responded with a warning. The girl said, thanks sis, I will kindly slide in his dms. She said, I hope you don't catch nothing, sis Mm. That response kind of reinforced the cheating rumors. Black men don't cheat. So it's just a rumor. Black men, what about black boys? Black boys definitely cheat. They don't know. No better yet they ain't grown up. Mm. Okay. Well he should know better by now. Damn Chado. He need to be like, who's that guy that just got his wife back? The black man. The judge. The judge, judge, judge.


We need to see more of that when men mess up. Judge Mathis. Right? Mathis. Mathis. Mathis. He got wife back. Yeah, He got his wife back. They happy now. We ain't here nothing since he ain't called nobody a crack head since I'm talking about like he is living his life. He going church his wife back. Everything. I love that. Okay. So Oh yeah. More cheating news. Okay. So comedian Coco Brown speaks on her marriage. Coco Brown was recently on an episode of Smitty and D podcast and during that conversation she opened up about finding out her husband was already married. Years into my marriage with a four month old child. I found out that my ex-husband was a Bigamist. And the woman that he claimed was his ex-wife was still his wife. Mm. And everybody in his family knew.


Mm. But me. Mm. It still baffles me to this day that someone could be so deceptive and to know that I've given you the grace I've given you. And that judge asked it, I wanna press charges. And I said No, I will not be responsible putting another black man in jail. Wow. And he said, what do you want? I said, I just want sole custody of my child. I just wanna be able to change his last name. Mm. Because he don't even know them people. I didn't press charges. I didn't come after you for child support. I gave you full access to your child and you still chose not to be a father. I had to look that up by the way. I, I didn't What the hell is a bigga miss? Yeah. I thought that was somebody who's prejudiced against big backs, but it's not shut.


Oh my God. Man. Shut up. Shut Up. No, that's not bigotry or Bigga. Miss. So what's a bigga miss? It should be that, but it's not that a bigga miss is the person who is can legally marry somebody who's already married. Yes. Like they Yeah. I thought that was Against the law. I I thought you can only in the United States It's a crime. Yes. Yeah. It is a crime. That's why she said she didn't wanna see another black man. That's Press charges. Okay. Yeah. Yep. That didn't stop him though. That is crazy. That's sad. Hmm. Lil Baby's family celebrates him. So back in March it was reported that little baby was attending Harvard Business School. Shout out to him. And it seems like he was enrolled in the launch in launching new ventures program. Harvard's website says that the course teaches the core elements of entrepreneurship and building an entrepreneurial culture from brand new startups to newly established lines of business and legacy companies.


What? Either way, congratulations to him because he graduated and that's amazing. Lemme Drop on clues. Bus a little baby. Did he take, Did he take a semester or was it a a weekend class or, or was it just online courses or did he have he had, he had to go though, right? I just know. Yeah, he, he did had to go but just say he attended Harvard. Harvard's Harvard Business School. Okay. Now I know that's different from Harvard University. Is it Harvard Business School? That's it. I mean 'cause it's Harvard Business School versus Harvard University. And is that like one of those honorary degrees? Which one do you get the free cyber truck? None of them. You get a free cyber truck. Don't get A free cyber truck at all. No. Damn free cyber truck. No, you don't do that. Yes. I don't think you do that. Somebody told me if you attend one of them online courses, you get a free cyber truck.


That's not true. Oh, That's a raffle For it. No it's not. No damn raffle. But I, I seen, I thought I seen video of him going to class. That's why I asked. Oh yeah. Well he probably was going to class. He probably was but it just wasn't at Harvard University. It was at the Harvard Business School. So either way he still did something going positive with his time. There you go. As a rapper. I like that. Google and see if Harvard Business School got a campus and They don't give no damn trust. Everybody got them on campus. Everybody got them Harvard Business School degrees. Let me see. Everybody Got them on the right degrees too. Black China got, well she got a one from Harvard. Who else got one from Harvard? Swizz got one from Harvard. And Is that the same thing? I don't the honorary degrees and the business school Degrees. Charlemagne got an honorary No, hold on now Mine is from South Carolina State. Okay. I earned mine. Okay. But Listen but listen, they got the Harvard University online too now. So I don't know if all those things are different.


Ah, they got the Harvard Business School, Harvard University online. That's not dissect his man's degree. Oh no, I'm not talking about him. I'm just talking about everybody else. Everybody else. Yeah, I know, I know. All right. Anyway, Netflix is hit with a class action lawsuit. So they're facing a lawsuit after uses experienced major streaming issues during the, the Tyson Paw fight. I like this. Yeah. According to reports, a man named Ronald Denton filed the lawsuit yesterday in Florida. He said when he had turned on the game, I mean turned on the fight, 8:00 PM on Friday. He experienced legendary problems including no access, streaming glitches and buffering issues. And he's suing Netflix for breach, breach of contract and seeking unspecified damages.


Netflix acknowledged the issues the day after the fight though. So they knew that some people weren't happy with it. They knew that the app was kind of lagging but they they didn't respond to his lawsuit. They just said that we don't want to dismiss the poor experience of some members fight. I didn't. We think of that man. We coulda did a breakfast club class action lawsuit against Netflix. I don know. They decided with us quick. I Don't know how much they you dang you could get because it didn't You know you still got your Netflix account and you didn't buy it for the fight. You just had Netflix and the fight was part Of it. It don't matter. I still pay for, I pay every month and if You know I being that I pay every month, you're providing me an experience that you're not providing me. So it was one thing. So what's probably gonna happen, it probably gonna send you back 50 cent. 'cause it's gonna be like a, just a portion of your Netflix account. Just like you ever get a a dime back from at t when they did a class action lawsuit and they send you a a I don know why you hating on these people.


Lawsuit people cook. Alright. You right. Good luck to you son. Good luck. Good Luck. Good Luck. Beyonce Buffalo during that Houston game. Oh Lord. I'm definitely going join somebody. Class action. They gonna Fix it by then. They gotta fix It. I'm a pinkett Smith Winfrey knows Carter. You can't be buffering during Beyonce. Well by Then they're gonna have, they have it fixed. They gonna have it fixed and everything. 'cause this ne Netflix is just now doing live events. That's right. So I know they got some bugs and stuff to fix or whatever. So give them a little grace. Y'all give 'em a little grace. Alright. And that's just with the mess. Thank you Jess. Now let's get to the mix. To People's Choice Mix. Get your request in. We gonna start off with some Juice World. All right. It dropped on Friday so we're gonna get it on. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Nice morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The.


Breakfast. Club. Now we gotta salute Tel Far Clemons for joining us this morning. Salute to Tel Far. Thank you for my bad Tel Far Clemons. That's right. He has a new store that's opening up in New York City. It opens up this Saturday. He dropped off some cool stuff. Just got a bag. Me and Charlamagne got some hoodies so I Didn't know he was from Left Rec. Yeah, he from Left Rec. That's crazy. The Project Queens. That's right from the projects. So salute the tail fall for joining us and when we come back we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you something man. The fact that after tomorrow we got a week of vacation because it's Thanksgiving week. Look at God I need it.


Definitely I need the rest. And then right after that we, I think we got like another week or or two and then Christmas. Nah, you got a couple weeks. Yeah, we got a couple weeks I think two weeks before Christmas. Yeah, we got a couple weeks before Christmas. That's what's But listen, next week y'all can catch y'all girl Jess. Hilarious. And your boy Desi Alexander and Austin, Texas. I'm gonna go back to that restaurant at ti. I went to and see if they let me in. Oh, You gotta have your id. I'm gonna have my id. I don't care. I heard that that place got some good food. So I see why you was mad. But meet me at the Helium Comedy Club y'all. We got two shows on Friday. Two shows on next Saturday. Make sure you get your tickets@justhilariousofficial.com or helium comedy.com. See you Austin, Texas next weekend. Alright, And I. Want to tell everybody this Saturday I'll be in Monks Corner, South Carolina. My 11th annual Thanksgiving giveaway is happening from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM at Berkeley High School in the student parking lot.


So You know how we do every year. Monks Corner. So Monks Corner, all surrounding areas 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM Monks corner of South Carolina, Berkeley High School Student parking lot. We'll be out there giving out your Thanksgiving turkeys and all your Thanksgiving accessories that go with the turkeys. Nice. That's right. Yeah. So I'll see y'all Saturday. Alright. And the positive note is simply this. I pay attention to actions, not words. I heard what you said, but I see how you act. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. You, y'all finish or y'all done.


Amazon Black Friday week is here with up to 40% off toys to stuff, their stocking noise, canceling tech to silent their nights and fashion like slippers too. Missile their toes. Shop Amazon's Black Friday deals. Now


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. Casino dot com. High Five. Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five Casino dot com. High five Casino,


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime It's like When you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24, which sir and device language to set US English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.