
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the


lineup@sxsw.com. At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Important. Mainstream the of the biggest things in America. Culture. They not like us. Thank everybody. Should go on The Breakfast Club. You wanna shake it up? They not like us. Breakfast Club. DJ Envy the family guy. Just hilarious. I'm the wild card and Charlamagne the guy. I'm a lovable athlete. Royal Yo, I'm loving that energy up there right now. Sometimes you gotta pop out. Miss now. Let's begin. Good morning. USA. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlamagne to God. Peace to the planet. It is Tuesday.


Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening everybody? How y'all feeling? Good. What's up? Okay, Show the pads. What's up? Okay. Yeah. Who you tackling this morning? Don't play with me. Don't play with me. My birthday weekend was nice. My Valentine's Day was good. The event was really, really nice. Did You get pregnant again? I Didn't. You don't know. You could be two days pregnant and don't Even know it. Menstrual. Menstrual. Oh, Hurry. Okay. Ooh. So now that's a nice Valentine period. Little Valentine touch. Yeah. You know little decoration for red for red. More red. Yes. So shout out to those who run red lights though. So you Know a period, don't stop nothing but a sentence. Especially when it's your Valentine.


No, There you go. Well, SLU heavy, all of the dance dads out there and dances parents out there. I was in Boston all weekend with my daughters. They had a three day tournament Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. So our Valentine's was in between their classes. So we put them in class for an hour and a half. Mom and dad would go upstairs, get it in and bring 'em back down to another class and get it in. But we had a good time. Congratulations to Brooklyn. She won first prize overall in, first in her category. Oh, nice. And London was second in overall and first in her category. So we had a great time in Boston. Salutes everybody in Boston salute to a four star dance studio. They are a black dance studio out of Boston. And you know, traveling with my daughters to all these different conventions and competitions, you don't see too many black dance.


So when you see a black squad, you know, like the, one of the ladies said, well who team you rooting for? I, I, I say I root for everybody black. And they all did it. They made my daughters feel so special. 'cause it was only four of us for her from her, her dance studio. So could they dance Dance squad? Yeah, they danced. Yeah. They better be able to dance. The only black studio in Boston, Lord have mercy. They definitely dance, but they cheered for my daughter. Like my daughter was part of their studio and made my daughter feel so special. And after, you know, you know, she had so many aunties and, and grandmas and uncles and it just, it was just such a family thing. So I just wanna salute to four star Studio. Like they really held me down out in Boston. So salute to them. Salute. What about you studio?


I ain't do nothing. And the crazy part is I'm in here tired 'cause I couldn't sleep last night for some reason. I was just tossing and turning for no goddamn reason. Okay. Are You a good person? Am I a good person? It's Usually that keeps you up at night if you're not. No, That's not true. Okay. Think so. I don't know. Am I a good person? That's a good question. I don't know if that's a question sometimes. No, I don't think that's a question that any of us can answer. 'cause depending on who you ask. Yeah, you Emini here, you're not a good person. So yes to to myself I am. But you know it. Depending on who you ask. Maybe not. Okay. Yeah. But I couldn't sleep last night for whatever reason. Should't smoked blunt. But you know what it is one reason I couldn't sleep last night 'cause it was a three day weekend. What is a three day weekend and you up staying late? You, you staying up late all night. It's hard to go to sleep that first day.


Back to work or school or whatever it is you gotta do. Right. Alright, well let's get the show crack and we got front page news coming up. We'll break down everything that went happening on this three day weekend and more. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. First start off with all star recap. Did any of you guys watch the All-Star stuff over the weekend? No. Yeah. Watched all of it. Yeah. You watched game. What's your thoughts? What was your thoughts On what specifically? Oh, okay. We can start with the celebrity game. I throw it was trash. Celebrity game is always trash though. It was funny. I enjoyed Drusky. He was very entertaining. Yeah, you don't watch the celebrity game 'cause you looking for actual good basketball.


You look for the celebrity game for entertainment. So I don't count that. No kids three point contest. Tyler Hero won that. That Was cool. Emini here, that's know, but that's, that's regular. Pretty much. So Emini here, the whole league is a three point shooting contest at this point. That's no stand up. What About the dunk contest? Emini here, other than the, the the white dude Mac dunk contest is just, eh, But does he play on the team? If, yeah, when it's time for NBA Allstar weekend, they put him, they give him a 10 day contract. That's crazy. Yeah. And then of course, what about the Allstar game, which was kind of confusing. It was international stars versus All Stars versus the Rick. And I had no idea what was going On that I was Confused. I had no idea what was going on because the whole, I I thought the whole point of being an Allstar is to, you know, to get recognized as an all star.


So I didn't understand what the rising stars were there for. Like they're not all stars. Right. Why did they get to play? Like I don I don I didn't know what the hell was, I didn't know what was going on with that. That was just, that Was confused. Yeah, I was confused too. I was confused too. But Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Dj. Mv Charlamagne, the Godden just hilarious. How y'all doing on this Tuesday? Hey, good Morning. Less black and highly favored. Good, good. All right. I'll try to break down the, the game a little bit later at the seven o'clock hour. But first let's get into what's topping the headline. There's been yet another aviation a accident this time in Toronto, Canada. Delta Airlines says that 18 people are injured after a flight from Minneapolis crashed at a Toronto airport on Monday. But the great news is there were no fatalities, no fatalities reported.


Toronto Pearson, airport president and CEO Debra Flint held a presser last night. And here's what she had to say. First and foremost, there was no loss of life. And this is in due part to our heroic and trained professionals, our first responders at the airport. So the facts of the matter around this event that happened at approximately 2:30 PM is Delta Airlines flight 4 8 1 9 from Minneapolis to Toronto, operated by subsidiary Endeavor Air was involved in a single aircraft accident upon landing at Toronto Pearson. So in a statement, the airline said that the flight was carrying 80 people total.


76 passengers, four crew members and 18 people have been taken to the hospital. Now pictures and videos are surfacing, showing the plane upside down in snowy conditions. Flint categorized the Flint categorized the injuries again as relative relatively minor. And air traffic has resumed at that airport as of right now. Now the National Transportation Safety Board of Canada is leading the investigation. However, the US National Transportation Safety Board is also sending a team of us invest investigators to assist in that incident. The story, well, Question know what is that they're investigating? Like nobody knows how the plane ended up upside down like that. Supposedly there's no video, no investigation's, video of everything's no plane End up upside down.


Like Supposedly it was a wind gust. And I they yeah, they were already like pretty much close and on the ground. And then there was a wind gust that they were saying once they hit the ground, they were like on their side. And then the, the, the before they knew it, they were upside down. And to one of the people who were involved said quote, they were hanging like that. So Yeah, I heard that last night about the wind And I totally believe that 'cause you can be driving, driving nowadays sometime in that those wind gusts be swerving your car. Yeah, we were driving you listening ma that That heavy though to, to flip over a plane that has to weigh how many pounds is the plane to be the wind gusts that much. Yeah. And, and then also take off the wing as well because the, the plane also lost the wing in that again, you guys, this story is developing.


I don't wanna get ahead of myself and keep you posted with actual facts. Are y'all scared to fly? I'm, I have flights coming up And I know you guys fly often. So Yeah, I put It the first thing's, the first thing that happened. Yeah, I've been scared to fly since the DC flight since that crash. Yeah, I understand. I I've been putting, I've been trying to put it in perspective for myself. It's just like a 40, it's 45,000 commercial flights daily. So just think about that. Like it's 45,000 commercial flights daily. How often do these things actually happen? But it seems like they're happening more, you know. Or are we hearing about it more and more and more? It's been two, Three, it's not been two. What's been the third commercial flight? Remember the Commercial flights, man, The flight that hit Philly, the plane that just landed in the middle of Phil that Wasn't Philly was flight.


That Wasn't a commercial Flight. Nope. What kind of flight Was that? It was a private jet. Private jet. The Black Hawk was definitely a commercial flight. There's Too many things that's supposed to be in the air to keep hitting the ground, like I was gonna Say. Yeah, right, right. Justin commercial whatever in the DMV, it's a lot of air traffic so it really don't matter commercial lot and Planes and not even just crashing, like the planes are hitting each other like this wing hit this other plane's wing and this, that and the other and they're all commercial flights. But when was that? I missed that one. Now You hear about that all the time where a plane's wing hit into another plane. Like you've been hearing that about a lot in I have not heard that A lot now. Legos, Nigeria, Nigeria. It's, it's a lot of them. Yeah. Alright guys, let's try to switch gears real quick. If we can remember over the weekend the hostages were in fact released by Hamas after the ceasefire agreement.


So here's what happened. Secretary of State, Marco Rubio says he wants all the hostages held by Hamas to be released as soon as possible, but didn't confirm whether the ceasefire deal between Israel and Palestine, the Palestinian militant group will be upheld. Now Rubio told CBS faced the nation. He's working closely with the Israeli government to secure the immediate release of the hostages despite the agreement outlined in the ceasefire deal. Let's hear more from Rubio. There are some, there's supposed to be released coming up next weekend. We expect that to happen. But we'd like to see them all come out. We're not gonna, we are not in favor of waiting weeks and weeks. Now that may be the process that's in place because of the deal, but we would like to see them all out as soon as possible. We share the goal that every hostage needs to come home, every single one without delay.


Obviously the, there are details of how we're pursuing that and coordinating that. We're not gonna share publicly 'cause we don't wanna endanger the hostages and we don't wanna endanger this process. So Rubio and the US and Israel are closely working to secure their release. And of course this comes as you Rubio is also holding talks in Russia over ending the Ukraine. Or he's holding talks in Saudi Arabia, excuse me, today over ending the conflict in Russia and Ukraine. So we'll keep you posted with that. So that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We will talk about New York City Mayor Eric Adams. The controversy continues and yeah, And I break down the all star game as well. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your three day weekend was or how Valentine's was again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? My name's Tony. What's up Tony? Get it off your chest. I just wanna say good morning to everybody in The Breakfast Club. Good morning, dj. I miss Charlamagne And please Tony. Good Morning. I just wanna wish my, I had a great weekend man. My Valentine's went great, man. I wish my lady Christina tell I love her, you know what I'm saying?


'cause I know she's listening. Is she three prayer And I just wanted to And doesn't know it yet. What, what Was that? Is she three days pregnant and doesn't know it yet? Probably so, man. Probably so. Okay, Okay, okay. Okay. Nice. But, but yeah man, I just wanted to wish everybody, you know, a great Tuesday, a great week. Y'all have a great week man. And just many blessings to everybody and just positive energy man to everybody. Thank You. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you brother. Have a good one. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, it's Danny from Savannah. What's up Danny? Get it off your chest. Hey man. Just want to talk about my Valentine's weekend, man. It was my daughter's birthday on Valentine's Day and it was, you know, I also took my family to Myrtle Beach and I'm a truck driver and I'm always, always working, never at home.


I said, enough is enough, man. Gotta make this money. Take my kids out, ask my son weekend can ever, 'cause I I, I've got to spend it with my wife and kids. And honestly we, we loved it so much, we didn't want to come back home. That's the best thing in The World. I just, Yes. I just want to give a shout out to all the drivers out there, man. Just to say, take your time man out here today and spend time with your family. Love your family. Money is always there, but your family is not. Hey question brother. This new to everybody who listens to us on 94 1 to beat in Savannah. Why did you leave beautiful Savannah to go to Myrle Beach? I love Myrtle Beach too. But you already in Savannah, Man. Type y'all in is cool, don't get me wrong. But man, we moved from Cleveland, Ohio to, to Savannah to get closer to Myrtle Beach because of my job.


You know, the port and everything like that. Gotcha, gotcha. I really wanted to be close. That's all man. Because our Hilton head is right there. Hilton Head is amazing. Hilton Head is beautiful. Oh, it's beautiful. That's right. But it's just not the, the the, the weather's just not there quite Yet. That's right. That's right. Okay, I got you. Yes sir. Man, love y'all man. I I listen every day man. Y'all have a good day. Peace Brother. Thank you Brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla man. Dany, what up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got An indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


We Can get on the phone right now. Here. Tell you what, it's we lie. Hello? Who's this? Hi, my name's Diana. Good morning Charlemagne and Jess. Good morning. Good morning. How you feeling? Good. Good. Just hope you guys have a blessed day. Had a wonderful weekend. And I hope you guys did too. That's it. Just, I hope you guys have a blessing. Oh, thank you. You thank you. Okay. We appreciate that. Hello. Who's this? Hello? This is James phone from North Carolina. What's up James? Get it off your chest brother. Well, nothing. Yeah, good morning everybody, first of all. But over the weekend I took down that 50th anniversary on SNL.


Yeah. That the concert was pretty straight man. I I didn't expect the older acts to be so good. They surprised me the most. Like the B 50 twos. They did that Love Shaq joint. I was like, oh snap the look at these old folk love. Listen, I I ain't catch none of that. Every time I tuned in it was nobody I wanted to see. I tuned in one time and it was Miley Cyrus and somebody, I, I wasn't into that but Lauren Hill killed it. I didn't see no Lauren Hill. Goddamn dang. Yeah, she, yeah she was on there with a y Cliffe Whitecliff did called Dial 9 1 1. I was hoping that Lauren would've took Mary's parts but she didn't sing them. But yeah and Post Malone he performed with Nirvana.


They did. That smells like Tea and Spirit. Oh do post killed it man. He killed it. Okay. He sound just like Kurt. I missed all of that. That's what's up. Yeah, it was straight man. It was straight. Okay, I'm happy to hear you Enjoy. You put this on brother. Hello. Who's this? This is D from Charleston. Hey, what's up brother? Get you off your chest. What's happening from that 8, 4 3? What's up Charla man and V Jeff What's up Man? Calling. What's Up man? All these operators out here man. Truck drivers man. Pull through these brokers. Quit kicking these cheap freight man. We'll do better out here if we get these brokers out the way. That's all I want. These brokers. Yeah 'cause they got, you call the brokerage first before and the brokers call the truck so the brokers get a P percentage of what the truck drivers should be making.


What do you, what do you haul sir? Yeah, I haul general freight drive van, owner operator. But yeah, you call the brokers, you know if they call the load board, you call the brokers, you know, get the load. Gotcha. But if the load paying a certain amount, the broker try to take half of the money and they ain't doing none of the footwork. Yeah, I heard now brother. I heard a lot of truck drivers been stealing a lot of packages. I I heard that's a lot for auto, like they've been taking people's cars and then selling them on like the underground market. Is that true? Damn, I never heard of that. I don't, you know, do call hauling but I ain can ask about the fun off. Okay. Be safe out there. The roads, I wouldn't even ask about it. Mind your business. Hey was wanna Say you working for the feds? Exactly. No, I'm just asking. Yeah, well Have a good one.


Be safe out there brother. Alright, thanks. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up now. We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Wendy Was outside. She finally went to go see her dad in Florida. Nice. All right, well we'll get to that next. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club morning Everybody. It's the act envy. We act like Ssy ain't got no other records. Well it's either Scissor or three one. Oh so bay or so city. Which one you want? I'd rather Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Real Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't stir nobody. Just worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off. So Wendy did make it to see her dad. And she spent some time with her son. Her son. They was out eating and stuff. Yes, Wendy was outside this weekend. A long time coming. She's been trying to figure this out. So over the weekend she went to Florida to celebrate her dad's 94th birthday. Now the ceremony, or not the ceremony, but the, what they did was very intimate. I think they just spent time at home from what the photos looked like. And this photo was posted by her son, Kevin Hunter Jr. And he captioned it.


You see her holding a birthday card. He's like, happy I could make this happen for you papa. I said, by any means, And I kept my word. Now I think people were surprised to see her with her son, which I don't know why. I guess it's because, well because she had just said they was a bad person to her trying to Yeah, but Emini here, it's her son though and it's her only child. So I think, I think I wasn't surprised to see them together. I more so was surprised to see all the posting and all of the, when I say the paparazzi would leave Wendy alone, from the moment she landed in Florida to the minute she got to, they went to like this Cuban restaurant. There was videos of her eating there. I think Kevin, Somebody clearly called yo, by the way, people, paparazzi don't just show up. I need y'all to know. Not In like Florida where she was at. No, no, not at all. No, they were everywhere. Wendy went, got highlights To her.


They knew, they knew where she landed. They knew Everything. Somebody was calling them every step of the way. It was bad, bad. She got highlights in the airport and there was a whole story about the highlights she got in the airport because, you know, she was talking about she wanted to go out and travel and shop. But yeah, so she was, she was out with her family. She got to celebrate the birthday. Now there was a story that came out over the weekend two in, in relation to Wendy that I thought was interesting. It was about, you know, how we've been trying to figure out why she's on that floor where like all these people have no memory whatsoever. The, she's been at this home for eight months and TMMZ did a story. They said that they talked to someone who is in the facility who has been interacting with Wendy and was there from the time that she got there. And they say that when she first arrived there, she was actually placed on the third floor, which doesn't have the restrictions that she has right now.


Like she, would they be able to come and go throughout the building? I guess there is a restaurant bar at the rooftop of the hotel. And Wendy went and visited this restaurant bar and she had a few drinks. She got drunk and they were not happy about that because of course she came in with them knowing that she had a history of where she lived. Yeah. With them knowing that she had a history of alcoholism. So they say at that point is when they put her on the fifth floor memory unit. Now this was supposed to just be until, I'm assuming she got to a point where they felt like they could trust her to be able to roam around the building by herself. But she's still there at this point. And this all just sounds so crazy. Exactly. So yeah, and, and when I reached out to kind of see like, you know, 'cause to me this plays in favor for her, like trying to get off of this conservatorship, even if she just moves floors in the building.


And I was told the same thing that I was thinking like, yeah, like this, they're basically saying it wasn't a dementia thing, it was because she broke the rules. She got drunk and they wanted to make sure they can control her type of thing. So she could build on a different floor, but just more protocols placed around her obviously. But yeah, so shout to De Wendy. She made it to Florida. That's what's up. Okay. JayZ. Yep. Jay-Z. So y'all, I've seen that over the weekend. This And I was like, okay, good. Everywhere over the weekend because most people's going real hard. Oh, I, I don't think The's gonna stop. I don't, I don't think he's gonna stop. But Jay-Z and Diddy are officially off of the case with the 13 year, the girl who was 13 back in 2000 that said that they had raped her after a VMA party.


So over the weekend that case was voluntarily dismissed without, with prejudice. So he can't come back and, and try this again. Right Now, according to the docs, Busby has sent two demand letters back in 2024, which we had talked about and accused Diddy and Jay-Z of raping this girl back in 2000 when she was 13. They had tried to get her identity revealed. That did not happen on February 14th. It was ruled by a judge that Busby had to submit these like documents that would show that he's able to even operate or or legislate in the district. Where this is filed on that same day is when he voluntarily gave the, like, said okay to the dismissal. So people were like, yo, this is kind of funny. Like you didn't wanna prove that you could even operate in this jurisdiction and now you're just allowing for this case to be thrown out.


Now Jay-Z is like going in. He's saying that he believes that Busby purposely filed this around the time of Mufasa premiere. Yeah. Which ruined the premier because you know, when he went to that premiere that weekend with his daughter, 13-year-old daughter and his wife with Blue Ivy. Yeah. His wife. Everybody was talking about the fact that you were at this movie that centers around children and there's this, there's these rape allegations. He also, you know, just, he talks a lot about the shakedown. He says that they received death threats. Like he just talks about how much hell they went through of his case. Yeah. He said it was like he had a gun to his head. Exactly. You said that Exactly. Emini here. That's what Jay-Z said about Buzzy. That's Yep. Jay-Z said that about Busby. So Emini here, it's being thrown out. Diddy scene came out and basically said like, we, we've been telling y'all that all of these cases filed by this ambulance chaser talking about Attorney Busby.


They're just made up to get in the media and to get some attention because he's are celebrities. But Emini here, I don't know, this is, this is a a, a huge win and it's kind of crazy to me that like it's, it's not as loud as it was when the case first dropped, which always Cause never Is the sad, that's the sad part about these situations all the time. The dismissal of the case is never as loud in the media as the original accusation. And also ITT hold suing Tony Busby. Yeah, he's, he, but he had already remember he dropped that already be prior to there was the extortion. He Dropped I think he suing that. No, no, No. He didn't drop it. No, but he had already filed it during the time when Yes, when it first dropped. So that's already there. So that's just gonna go through. He's gonna go through it, go through with that of course, As he should.


I'm glad Hove was suing Tony Busby because these lawyers don't care. They just believe they can hit you up and say, Hey, if you don't meet our demands, then we're gonna have press conferences and go to the press with all these salacious accusations. And they, it is really a shakedown. And a lot of people, you, you'd be surprised how many people settle. 'cause you know, they don't care about the bad press. But I think those days are long gone. I think, well Not only the bad press, it's, it's the amount that it cost to fight it. You know what Emini here, if it's, if you just settle out, you ain't gotta pay for lawyers, you ain't gotta pay for none of that. Sometimes there's so many people that Just say, you know what, I pay this 10,000, this 50,000, this a hundred thousand and pay lawyers millions, but, Got it. Yeah. Those days are over though. Because people that are, that are, that are innocent and know they're innocent and they, they don't care. They like whatever.


'cause they know that all it's gonna do is go to the media cycle, Twitter gonna have fun for a couple of days and then it's gonna be Gone. But I will say that this, even if Busby continues it, it just looks crazy because normally with a a case like this, a civil case, the fact that they set, they settled with prejudice, meaning that he can't bring these against No. Dismissed with prejudice. I'm sorry. Yeah. Dismissed with prejudice without a settlement. This, that normally doesn't happen in a case like this. Normally you have to get a settlement behind the scenes for an attorney who's accusing you of these things like a busby asking you for money to back away. And none of that happened. So that it, it makes attorney Busby look crazy Emini here. There's been things leading up to this that made him look crazy like that NBC interview. But I don't, I don't know how he goes forward with the other cases. If I'm a judge, I don't take 'em serious now. And and you'd be surprised how many of these cases actually just, just get dismissed by, by, by a court of law.


But that's never news. You know. Nope. What Emini here, if that was news, if people realize that most of these people that filed these accusations, the case gets dismissed if they knew that there was no money to be.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


And people wouldn't even jump out the window and do these things. Oh, but j It's a check. They take, it's a check Attached. Well, it's not only that they, they don't have to pay the lawyer, right. They, the nothing comes out their pocket. A lawyer gets a third of what you're supposed to make. So it's easy to go to a lawyer when nothing comes outta your pocket. You don't have to pay anything and you don't lose anything. So it's a gamble that you, everybody was willing to take because You don't lose nothing. Nah, but Jay about to take him for everything that he has. Jess, when you mentioned that whole gun to my head, when I read that letter that he responded with, I said, oh, the, the way he about to dance through this extortion and everything that's gonna come after that. He ain't gonna play around with Busby. It's sad. And look, you play with the right one. You know what else I saw though? That's right. But the Mexican president is doing Google over the, the map chain.


You don't gotta go and look it up. I already know what's going on. I'm trying, I'm trying. I don I'm trying to Google tell us Just Yeah, because the, the Gulf of America, the Gulf of Mexico, they already changed it, you know, 'cause Trump signed the order for them to make it Gulf of America instead of Gulf of Mexico. The Mexican president was like, oh no, that's not what we're doing. So he's, he's suing Google for the, for them changing it. I, that's crazy. I ain't see that one. He's stepping up like, excuse me. What? So that's what I told. Go ahead. I'm, that's it. I just see that's what I wanted to do. That's, I wanted to say thank You. Yeah. Right. Well that is just with the mess. Now when we come back, we got front page news, so don't go anywhere. Morgan will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up.


Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's djj, nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Let's start off with Sports Morgan, let's jump right in. Let's break down this all star because it was a little confusing at times. Yeah. So in case you missed the 2025 NBA All-Star game team, Shaq took down pause team Chuck 41 to 25 with Win at the Caesar, or sorry, chase Center in San Francisco, California. Now Jason Tatum led all scores with 15 points in the championship game. Golden State Warriors Guard, Stephan Curry. He was named the most valuable player after combining four 20 points on the night. Let's hear from him. The journey. You know, we're not here without, without, you know, that generation and every generation since that has paved the way for us to play this game and have fun at the highest level.


And I, I'm, I'm, I'm very appreciative of it. Now there were people saying that he didn't deserve the MVPI watched the game, I didn't pay any attention. They said Jason Tatum should have got it Emini here. That that shot from half court was pretty impressive. You don't think so strongly Emini here. It's, it's always impressive when Steph does that. But I guess for me it's like that 40 point threshold that they try to get to, is that really enough time for anybody to get into a rhythm the way they can be named the MVP? I'm, I'm, I, look, I'm not a pro. I don't know. I'm no all Star. And the fact that he was home too, that was his home court. So, you know, if he was was even coached, they were gonna give it to him. That's true. That, yeah. You, you right about that Emini here at this point. Has anybody impressed anymore about anything that Steph does?


Kind of? Oh, I am, I think Steph Curry revolutionized the game of basketball, not just men's basketball, women's basketball. I don't think you get a Kaitlyn Clark if there's no Steph Curry. So yes, to me it is always still impressive when Steph is shooting lights out the way he does. All right, I like that. Okay, so Team Chuck was led by Victor Wema, who scored 11 points off the bench Shaqs squad advanced to the championship game after topping team Candace 42 to 35 in the semis. Now team Chuck booked their spot in the championship after ousting team Kenny with a 41 and 32 win envy Mac McClung of from the Orlando Magic. He won the dance dunk contest after jumping over our car. And Tyler Hero won the three point contest.


He's from the Miami Heat. So all bringing things home to you guys in New York. Eric Adams continues to face backlash, including the resignation of half of his deputy mayors over the dropping of federal corruption charges against him. There are some sticking by the mayor, though not New York City councilwoman counsel speaker Adrian Adams. She's among those elect to step down in the latest now following the resignation of those four deputies now she says that the, it's very clear that the mayor has lost all confidence in his staff, has lost trust in his staff, his colleagues, and New Yorkers. She says she must prioritize New York City and resign adding that the city no longer has the ability to effectively govern.


Adrian Adams says, the mayor's actions and decisions have led to months of instability and now compromises the city's sovereignty and threatens to this threatens chaos and risk of harm to families. Now, mayor Adams, he started more controversy on Monday when he invoked Adolf Hitler's book while defending himself against all of this drama. Let's take a listen to Mayor Adams as he invokes the hi Hitler's book, Mecom. You know, I remember listening to some of Dr. King's teaching and he talked about the book Mecom and he indicated if you tell they lied long enough, loud enough, people would tend to believe it's true. And that's what you're seeing right there, right now.


Modern Day Mind come. So he made those comments to a group of clergy, various faith at Rehoboth Cathedral in Brooklyn. And he also touted his record and insisted he's not going anywhere. Let's hear more from it here. Adams. I ignore the noise. I know what we have accomplished. That is why I moved through these streets at the level of comfort that I have. We have done the job. There's a lack of consistency to what people are saying. They are attempting to rewrite my entire history with their own agenda. So the mayor continues to deny any quid pro quo with the Trump administration. I can get into Governor Kathy OL's comments, but before I do, what do you guys think about those comments that you heard from New York City Mayor Adams at, at this point?


Do you feel like we're beating a dead horse or the drama just continues? Yeah, I, I wanted all those folks stepping down. Do they believe Mayor Adams was guilty or are they just mad because of how he's, you know, standing next to Trump? Which one is it? Is, is it the Trump thing or do they think he's guilty, that's why they stepping up? That's a good question. It Could be a, it could be a combination of both. But also not to forget that, you know, for example, New York City Council speaker Adrian Adams, you know, she, these people have their own jobs. They might not wanna, you know, associate themselves with something of this magnitude. So there's, there's that. And even the people that's saying it's quid pro, what is it? Qui quid pro Quo. Quick Pro quo. What would the mayor be giving the president, The city of New York?


And maybe access, you know, in terms of ice, in terms of, you know, things of it. But then again, but he's The president. Like, like if Ice wants to run up, run through New York, they can run through New York Regardless. Real. Really With the, with or without. Yeah. Right. So for the first time, New York governor Kathy Hoel, she is talking about the possibility of removing New York City Mayor Eric Adams from office. So in a statement on Monday night, Hoel says that she asked leaders to meet with her today for the conversation about a path forward with the goal of ensuring stability for the city of New York. Now she noted that no governor has ever been removed in the state history despite governors having the power to do so. No governor has ever removed a mayor in state history despite having the power to do so. So she also called reports of the past two weeks, seemingly referring to the pending dismissal of Adam's Federal charges and his charge and approach on immigration enforcement.


I like sex. So yeah, that further speaks to the point I made earlier. Troubling and cannot be ignored. So immigration enforcement, basically. Yeah, it sounds like people just, it's the dramas is too much. It's, it's, it's just too much. The i the immigration, the immigration enforcement is interesting though, man, because you know, you, you, when you actually have conversations with people in New York City, it's mixed, right? Because I, I like I've always told y'all about this guy, you know, who complained to me about MS 13, you know, running through his neighborhood, saw him last week And I just asked him, you know, how are things now? He said, all but one person. He said that, he said, that's what he said to me last week. He said, I so up their neighborhood, he was like, my neighborhood.


They, they got everybody. He said, it's all but one person. And he said they all, they, they're all the ones they haven't caught. They're running to Canada. But he told me last week. So, you know, it it it's a, it's a, it's a mixed bag if, if you actually talk to people. All right, well I'll go ahead and wrap it up there then. You guys, that's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Have a great week. You Too, Morgan. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, we have Tyshawn Jones joining us. He's a a, a black professional skateboard. And I hate how you say black. I say a black professional skateboard.


But you, You Just say it like you, you maga No, I say black 'cause that's what I, I'm, I'm from New York City and we say black. That's what we Say. I No, you Dominican from New York City. Now I'm Dominican. Dominican Say black. No, no, I'm not Dominican, sir. I'm black. Black God. Who says it like that? Like do you say black? Me? See you don't Say black like that. Just because you black. Right? It's just black. I'm from New York. That's what we say. Black yo, I don't say you too screw. Oh, first of all, I'm not the one coming up for you. So stay over there. I don't say was, I don't feel, But I also don't have to stress black. 'cause I am black. Mr. Dominican, I stress everything sir. I don't know if you know, but I'm not Dominican. Have no Dominican blood in me. Sorry. Mm.


Until it's time for you to get I'm black Black until it's time for you to collect that award. Black. You don't never tell them people you're not Dominican when they nominate you for Dominican awards. They did nominate me, but I didn't go get that award because I'm not Dominican. See I didn't go get that award. See? 'cause I'm not Dominican. But anyway, like, like I said, we have Tyshawn Jones. We're gonna kick it with 'em. Next it The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. We Have Ty Sean Jones. You are a professional skateboarder, correct? Correct. Now how do you get to a, a unquote professional skateboarder title? Well, I always explain it to people like basketball.


So there's phases, there's three phases. First you go flow, let's say that's like high school basketball, then you go amateur. That's college. And then you go pro. That's NBA. Okay. And and what makes you pro? Is it it's Just a company. A board company has to turn you pro. Got you. So like that's the way the culture is, like your skateboard company is. Who determines when you go pro? And is your company like an agency or is it just like a governing company that looks at like what you've been doing? Like track record competitions or? No, it's like a company that like you would be sponsored by this individual one. So like, I don't know, like, I'm trying to explain it in a way that that child would maybe remember. Like you remember like Zoo York?


Yep. So Zoo York is a skateboard company or was previously They don't, I don't think they make skateboards anymore, but Zoo York would turn you pro if you respond about 'em. So that'd be like basically like your team picking you up to go to the a And it's a very lucrative business. That's why I don't understand why more people don't, you know, get involved in it. Yeah, I think it's lucrative in a sense. Like certain people, it is wishy-washy. Some people get paid, some people don't really get paid. It's kind of like, it just depends who you are. And I guess your image, I first Heard about you sadly through some drama when you got kicked in Paris. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's, that's, that's, That's Idea. And I was like, New York Pro skateboarder, Tyshawn Jones kicked off his bike by screen while riding in Paris.


And then when I saw the video I'm like, oh, he black. Yeah. That was very interesting occurrence. What, why, Why was that? What did, did you ever find out what that was about? So I never told the full story. I just kind of put it on Instagram. 'cause it was funny to me. I was like, 'cause people like, you know the, like when stuff happens, it's like people can't, is not gonna believe this if I tell 'em. So we're riding the bikes and we get like two blocks from the hotel. And I'm wearing a, the Victor, Victor hoodie, you know, Steve is my manager. So he deals with Steven. So he's like, I'm gonna film you because I'm gonna send Steven a video. You wearing the hoodie. But before he started filming me, I have my skateboard And I have, I have a bag in my hand.


So like in Paris, the bikes, they're not like city bikes. Like they don't have a strap. So I have the skateboard in the bucket and I'm holding the bike with my other hand. So like my, what's the word I'm making for my balances balance. So I'm like, I'm, I'm biking kind of slow. And then there's this guy's like trailing me And I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, yo, go in front of me bro. Like you see. I'm like, you know what I'm saying, go around. I got like a lot of stuff in my hand. So he comes to the side of me and we're like face to face and he's like, he's like, you American, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like you get in my country, da da da da. And I'm like, how you know he was American Accent. My Accent. Your accent. Okay. I didn't Know y were talking. Okay, okay, okay. So my team manager from Adidas is behind me. He's filming, he's, no, he's not filming at this point.


He's just like behind me And I look at him And I give him a look. Like I look back at him 'cause he know like, I'm not going for that. So we look at each other, he's like, please tyshaun. No. And I'm like, And I look back at the guy and he's like screaming at me and I'm like, get outta my face or it's gonna be an issue. And then he's still going and I'm like, so I kind of just like push him away from me. Like I give him like, I'm like move, he bikes off whatever. We're like, we're just biking now. We bike like five blocks down, like the full video's like a minute long. We're biking and the guy must have biked off, waited to the side and, and I'm like, we get like six blocks down and I'm just like biking. I'm just going to get breakfast with my team manager from Adidas, who's like a German guy who's like the most peaceful guy in The World.


This guy. I just get kicked off the bike outta nowhere. I'm just biking. I just fall on the floor. So I'm like, what the fuck just happened? And I get up And I see the guy like zooming on the bike. So then I look at my team manager and I'm like, it's over. Like I don't want to hear nothing like I'm going to get him. So I grab my bike And I start chasing him. But you know, we from New York. So you don't know where you going? You No, no. Not that he has like one of those bikes with like the, like a throttle bike. So it was way faster than my body move on. So you trying to go. So I'm trying to get him he a Ferrari bikes. Yeah, it was like a movie. Like I, I see him but he's like fading away and he makes a right. And when I get to the corner, let's say 10 seconds later, it's like three ways.


It's like this way, this way or this way. So I'm like, which way did he go? So then I just go straight And I don't see him and I'm like, oh my god. And then I was like, people like, like, like I was biking, I'm trying to find this guy. Someone's like, yo, what's up Tyshawn? I'm like, oh my God, someone's gonna see me like fighting this guy in Paris. But I couldn't find him so I had to give up And you gotta take your L because Yeah, no, no. It was funny you pushed him first. Emini here. I didn't push him first. He Emini here. It wasn't like I was just like, get outta my face. I wasn't like, I didn't start him. I was like, you know, you in my, you know somebody coming up to you and they screaming at you. You gonna be like, yo, just ba like back up. What you doing? It wasn't like, I was like, you know, 'cause I didn't want to be on that type of timing with, you know. Yeah, yeah. So And he laid And waited for you.


Yeah. That's not for you Mr. Skateboard to kick, Push, you know how many calls, you know how many, you know how many calls I got like, yo, you allowed that to happen? I'm like, are you like, come on bro. Like that, that didn't go down the way it looked. But then when I got to breakfast and he showed me the video, I was like, airdrop me that. Like I have to post that. Like, it was just too funny. Like sometimes you have to laugh at yourself. Like, I don't take myself that serious. And I'd be like, like it's nothing I could do with, I'm gonna go around Paris and look for this guy. Like So when you said, why would you do that? You didn't realize it was the guy you had just got into it at first? No, no, no. I was playing, I was trolling. Oh, alright, alright. Yeah, I was just messing around. I knew why he did it Emini here, even though I didn't think, you know, I really did anything to him.


He started with me. He was cursing at me and like screaming at me in French, calling me a effing American. But yeah, that's the full story for The World Now. How did, how did you get into to, to skateboarding and when did you think it was gonna be a business? Because you know, most people, you know, they, they skateboard, they ride bikes for fun as a kid. But when did you say, oh, this is a business. This is gonna be my life. So I'll tell you the story how I got into skateboarding. It's really funny actually. So my brother at the time, he's still my brother, but we're not cool. That's another funny story. But dang, he, we were at his cousin, at his grandmother's house and her nieces and nephew lived there. And you remember those TVs that like was kind of built in, not TVs, but it'll be a TV and it's like got the speakers and stuff under, it's like big speakers.


And then it had like cabinets where you could put stuff, big trees. Yeah, exactly. And then it had like, you remember like the cdy things, the books you could open up. I Was born in 1,970. Exactly. Like you don't know, You remember, Remember, remember when came. So it was one of those, they had that and they just had a bunch of video games in it and we wanted it. And we knew they wouldn't like ask us Emini here, they wouldn't give it to us. So we were like, let's take it. So we took like a couple of video games and put it in my private parts. So like, if they started looking for it, they wouldn't know where it went. We, we don't know how The way you make stealing sounds. You made it sound like Yeah, you was just cool. I just took it like you make, we were kids. We were kids. We were like, I was like, nah, he was probably 13. So we took, I took the, we took the video games and one of 'em happened to be a skateboarding game.


Tony Was not, Tony Was not Tony Hall, because it is called skate. It was just called Skate. They have skate one, skate two, skate three. And they, they're finally making a new one after like a decade. So I started playing the, the video games. And when I played the game, we were like, I was like really in the video games. We didn't really go outside. I lived in Jersey at this time And I learned about skateboarding and kind of like the tricks and stuff from playing the video game. And one day it was like summer, my mom came home and she was like, all y'all do is play the video game. Like, y'all need to go outside. And I was like, we were like, we don't have no money. So she gave us like $60 each. And then we walked to Target and bought skateboards. And then wow. From there I just kept skating and skating And I was probably like nine, 10 at the time.


I didn't really know I could maybe make money off of it till I was like 14 sound. When I started, started getting paid Yepstarting with Supreme, that potentially moved on into me skating in it and then getting noticed and then, yeah. All right. When we come back, we have more with Ty, Sean Jones, professional skateboarder. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with professional skateboarder. Ty, Sean Jones. Charlemagne, how do you convince your, your, your, your mom that, you know, this could actually be a profession? I had to beg her, honestly. I remember when of the first deals was coming around. Even Ani was Supreme. Like the money was so small.


Like she was like, they trying to play you. They, You Look up on Google, they worth, I think at the time it was 40 million. Your mom Was definitely from York. Sounded Was like, they not about to play my son, dah, dah, dah. And I used to like cry. I had to beg her like, just please trust me. Like I'm, I'm not doing this for money. I would do it for free. Like this is like, it's gonna come. I just have to like build my name. I knew that if I like grind it one day I could potentially make money and like make some, some real money. But it wasn't really about the money to me at that time, you know, I was just young And I was like, I would do this for free. So, you know, I just needed the opportunity. I Love stories like this because, you know, I always say you just gotta listen to your kids and your kids will tell you exactly what it is that they wanna do.


So you was playing this skate game and then when you got this money, you went out and you bought this skateboard. Like what was in your mind, like what was on your spirit that said, I know this is what I want to do for the rest of my life. This is what's gonna change the trajectory of my life? Well, I remember it was like a definitive moment where I like made a decision. I, And I was young, I wanted to be a wrestler And I wanted to be Spider-Man too. Like that's what I was into. Like I used to have like, I used to like really like Spider-Man. I thought that that was a profession. And I Morale or Peter Parker Character? Nah, Toby McGuire. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was that. Yeah, Peter Parker. I wanted to be a wrestler as well. And then I, but I was skating so I would like, I was like, my mom was like, which one are you going to be?


And I was just like, we moved back to the Bronx And I was like, yeah, I'm gonna just skate. Like that was the most fun to me. I just stuck with that. So yeah. And there was a period where it's like hip hop really, I guess kind of made skateboarding And I guess Emini here I'm cool. Or maybe we would, I'm not gonna say cool 'cause it was already cool. But when the hip hop artists started doing it, it kind of made it easier for you as a black kid to be doing it, Right? Yeah, yeah, for sure. I feel like growing up in the Bronx and stuff, people be like, make references. Tony Hawk, obviously Lil Wayne, we, stuff like That. Yeah, I feel like, but even though like Lupe, he's known, but I feel like certain people where I'm from at least, I'm not gonna say they don't know Lupe, but that ain't, that's not like first to mind.


Like they'd probably be like, yeah, like Wayne And I don't even know who, like, I see Pharrell 'cause they would Say push, but I don't, I don I don't think they put two And I don't think they put two and two together. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, I don't know if they even know who sing that song. It was just more like a famous song. What did that do for skateboarding culture from your Perspective? Emini here, that was already like out, so I, I didn't see it firsthand. I don't think skateboarding was accepted where I grew up. Like it was like, people used to just like kind of laugh and thought it was like funny that I skated, but I was into it. But I remember I, I kind of lived like two lives, like, 'cause you know, I grew up in New York and like having like family in the streets and stuff, so they always kept me fly. So when I would go to school I would wear like Jordans and like, stuff like that.


But then I would go home and like put on my skate clothes. It was kinda like I had a double life. Like I would go to school in the Bronx and like this crazy environment and then I would like go home, change my clothes, take the train all the way downtown. And it was like a different world for me. Like it was white people, Asian people, all different type of races just brought together by skateboarding. And it's not really like color and skateboarding, like, it's just like everybody kind of having fun. So I Used to get into it a lot too. Like I, I would always see, I feel like they, people always thought skateboarders was soft. Yeah. And I would always see skateboarders somebody up all the time with them. Skateboards, beat somebody's ass and, and, and beat somebody's car up.


Did y'all always get in in, into problems or trouble where people thought y'all were soft or cut y'all off or Emini here for sure. Definitely. I think like people don't associate skateboarding with like being tough. But you know, that's anything, you know, I'm not saying that people walk around like I'm a tough guy, but not soft. It's just like, but like a skateboard is a weapon. If you hit somebody with a weapon, like I've known people who hit people with skateboards and like put them in a coma, like, ooh, you don't even play with that. Like, it's like a metal object that could really hurt somebody. So that's like, if you have to do that, but obviously like you see in kids, they hit the guy with the skateboard and stuff. It's happened, but it's really dangerous. It's funny too, you said you used to get fly, but then you go home and dress like a skater, but there was a time where that was getting fly for some people.


Yeah, Emini here. I, I remember the transition like at first like I used to wear skate stuff and they would be like, that's like you look like a white boy or whatever. But then it kind of like got popular, you know, with like street wear and all that stuff. And then it was more accepted. So it was funny to see the transition. But it is dope when, you know, to me some skaters don't like it when they feel like people come into the culture. But I think it's cool it brings more eyes to the sport and all of that stuff. So Was Virgil I, I read that Virgil, You and Virgil Ablo had a really good relationship. Yeah, we were cool. Speaking of streetwear. Yeah. Yeah, we were actually working on something before he passed away. It never came to light, but yeah, Virgil was cool.


We would talk, we were gonna do a collaboration with my brand and Off-White that we were working on. But yeah, his untimely demise, yeah. Never came out. When stuff like that happens, do you just let the whole idea die or do you find Somebody else Emini here? I really didn't have a, I didn't know what to do. Like, you know, at that time, what was it, 2021, I remember my Marlin agent call me and told me, but I wasn't gonna be like, you know, people are grieving and stuff like that. I'm not gonna reach out to his family or like, you know, sorry for your loss, but by the way we were working on it, you know what I'm saying? Give them tech facts. It yeah, exactly. Like at that point to me it was like, you know, if they, if somebody from his team knew about it and they reached out and was like, I knew you guys were working on this.


Like we want to continue it. But that never happened and it's okay, you know. How much Do you have to hurt yourself to get as good as you have gotten? How many falls? Injuries? Broken bones, Knock on wood. I never really, I never broke a bone. Okay. But you obviously you fall and stuff like, I just think skateboarding teaches like, it's, it's like a life lesson. Like you have to keep going to get over the hurdle, you know what I'm saying? Like yeah, if I had a dollar for every time I've heard like yeah I tried skateboarding once, but I fell And I quit. You know what I'm saying? Because people don't like to fall once or twice and then they're just like, oh that hurt. But like you get used to it, it's like working out when you first start working out, your body's really sore and you keep doing it and you keep doing it and you get used to it and you learn.


You just have to like wanna strive to get better. All we got more with Ty, Sean Jones, when we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with professional skateboarder. Ty Sean Jones. Correct? Correct. I was asking, you know, what do you do to push the limit, right? Because I've seen a lot of things. You did, you work with Louis Vuitton, right? You with Steven Victor. He's A friend of the house. Friend of the house. I've seen you jump, I've seen you jump over a million dollar Ferraris in the middle of Manhattan. So, so so what do you do to, to push the limit for, for the next generation that you know, things that we haven't seen or things that you want to do? I just think it's limitless. You know, like even like to the Ferrari, let's just use that as an example.


Like I try to, when I skate, I want to like make it relatable because skateboarding to me is so, what's the word? It's just like, you don't understand it. You just see like somebody flying in the air. And I think that skateboarding gets like culturally it's like accepted because people understand it's cool and it's like the, like some people will call it a sport, but it's the sport that like the outsiders, 'cause you do it alone, it's individual where like basketball or something like that. It's a team and you go to a stadium and stuff like that and it's more, you could dissect it easier. Like, you know, somebody's running down the court, they pass, they shoot, it's two, it's three. You know what I'm saying? Trip skateboarding, you can't learn everything.


It's impossible because there's like combos you could jump onto this table and manual and this, that, you know what I'm saying? So it's literally impossible to be able to do every trick. So, And I think that's why I gravitated to it as well because you know, to me I like to keep setting the bar. But You still learn new tricks. You still do new things or Oh man, it's kind of hard because Emini here, I, I try to learn new tricks. Sometimes I get new tricks, but now I'm at a point like, you know, it's a gift that the curse, but I go to the skate park and people watch me. So it's kind of can just like run, you know what I'm saying? So it's kind of like a little like weird sometimes trying to learn a trick because people look at you at this point like you're a professional.


Like they think in their mind, like you probably could just land everything. So when you're trying to like go into the, like I'm trying to train kind of vibe at like a public place and somebody might be filming you or this, it's just kind of, or you know what I'm saying? You don't see, you know, Luca in a park practicing, you know what I'm saying? He has a private facility where he's training and he could try to learn new things. So I'm working on that right now to try to get a private indoor skate park so I could practice. Are there new tricks though? Emini here? Yeah. Not new tricks, but tricks you probably haven't done, you know what I'm saying? Like, sorry to keep referring back to basketball, but like, you know, somebody might not be able to go left as easy, you know what I'm saying? So they could practice that or they can't dunk through their leg, you know what I'm saying?


So it's impossible to know everything, you know, as good as you are, you could always progress. So, you know, I know Charlotte asked about what was the lv, the friend of the house thing. I told him he would explain it and Pharrell brought you into that. Was it because of the Virgil relationship or just because he's been like watching what you've been doing? I don't know if it's because of the Virgil relationship. I think he's just a fan of skateboarding and he obviously skateboards. He likes the sport and the culture and probably thought I was a good representative for the brand. And I guess I'm sponsored by Louis Vuitton. Does it Mean you do events with them? They do clothing, yeah, events, clothes, go to the shows, campaigns, stuff like that.


So yeah, money. Are black people accepted into skating? Like is it one of those things where it's just Yeah, I think black people skate is accepted as skating for sure. Emini here. I don't think there's like a lot of professional black skaters, maybe like 20, 25. But yeah, we we're accepted. Yeah, for sure. And what, what's the evolution of skateboarding and, and really the evolution of you? Because you know, when I hear things like skateboard is coming out, I'm like, what damn, are you in that? Is there gonna be a film about I don TV show? Like I'm in, I'm in an Tony Hawk coming out, so Oh it was, that's cool. They got a new one, A remastering. So that's about to come out. I was in the last one. The evolution of skateboarding.


That's a great question. I don't know. It's in Olympics now, you know, I just think it's getting bigger and better. Like Louis Vuitton is sponsoring it. So I'm excited to see where it goes. And


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, It's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steel Ray Morning show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma. Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today visit. Buy a toyota.com, Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Maybe it does get to a place where it's like a basketball or a football and people really dive into it more and look at it and you know, try to understand it a little bit more besides just like skateboarders are cool or they like have like a fashion aspect to them. So it's unknown where it could go. I think the sky's the limit. And Tony Hawk's still the guy. Guy, right? Like he is he the the godfather of it All? For sure. Okay. It's, it is inter, we had a, I was having a conversation with somebody. It's interesting that he made it like really mainstream. Like when people think of skateboarding, they refer to him. Yeah. But it's only been one like, you know, like imagine music, when people thought of rap, they just like Biggie, right? Biggie.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You wanna be like biggie, but there's a thousand rappers, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So that just goes to show like how like skateboarding is just weird in that way. That it hasn't been like everybody who, who's like super famous off skateboarding, they got famous doing other things. Like Tony Hawk, he's so famous because of the video games. Rob Eck is Rob Ek because he had the TV show. So I think there's always another element to like getting over to that real mainstream level. You know what I'm saying? I don't think anybody's ever successfully did it. Just being a skateboarder. And how'd you connect with Steven Victor? Through A friend. I called a friend And I was like, I'm looking for a, a Ferrari or like a sports card And I want to jump over.


I was like, I know your friend has some, do you think he would like, let me rent one from him and, and do it? And he's like, let me call you back. And I was like, all right. He called me back like immediately and he was, we were all on three-way and he was like, so tell him what you wanna do. And I was like, I wanna like jump over your car with a skateboard. Would you let me rent it? I'll like put some insurance money. Like I'll put some money down in case something happens. And he was like, nah, that's what insurance is for. And I was like, all right, Even is Crazy. And he's like, he is like, that sounds fire. Like let's do it. Let's meet. My friend had been coming to New York 'cause he was living in LA and he was like, we're gonna go to his office.


And then we came to his office and he was, he was like, so what do you wanna do again? And I was like, just telling him like, he's like, you think you could do it? I was like, yeah, I think so. Like, for sure. And then he was like, all right, we gonna set it up this week. And then like three days later we made it happen. It was just something I wanted to do. Like I just have, you know, random ideas. Sometimes You make it sound real, like Yeah, like that wasn't a typical Ferrari because Yeah, no, for sure. It was like one of very few being Able to call a friend who gets Steven Victor on the phone. No, this Ferrari's about a 2 million Ferrari, probably 4 million right now. This it has no top. It's it's one of those ones that it is no fixing it. Yeah. You, you that up it's, it's, it's a rap. But It was, but that's why you say you make it sound like that.


But it was innocent. It wasn't like so premeditated. Like I wanted to do it, but I didn't know that it was gonna be like that. You know what I'm saying? Like I didn't, no, not even just the car. I didn't know that like people would gravitate to it so crazy. I thought, you know what I'm saying? But it resonates, you know exactly how I said like, you don't know tricks, but you know that car, you get what I'm saying. Right. So in your mind you like, oh shit, he just jumped over a $4 million car. You know what I'm saying? So, and the Way I first saw it, I just thought it was the car was parked and you just did it rogue. Yeah. I'm like, then when I found out that, well, I said Steven is crazy. Yeah. But I Don't know was he got too much money for all that man. So basically Steven Victor charged you 10 to 15% for the rest of your life just to jump over his Car.


We made a, we made a moment. You know, we trying to make more. Well We appreciate you for joining us. Thank you so much, man. Appreciate it. And we love Thank you for having me. Keep encouraging kids, man. And I, I'm gonna be honest with you, you the only skateboarder I know right now, so I'm gonna be watching you and in my mind you Tony Hawk. So when I bring up skateboard now Jones, I'm be like, yeah, Tyshawn Jones. You know what, Emini here, chilling it out here. That's Right. Right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for having me. And it's a real full circle moment. I'm not gonna lie. I, I watch Breakfast Club on YouTube, like I be on YouTube when I go home And I watch you guys stuff. So really appreciate you having me. Absolutely. I was gonna bring a skateboard to see if you could teach us all a trick, but we too old for that. Thanks of all we hurt when I get we not getting back up when I Get the, when I get the skate park, y'all come through, Say no more.


All right. It's Tyshaun Jones. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I just can't do it. Why we playing this record? I just don't understand. You Just gotta laugh man. You just laugh. I just don't get it. Just laugh. Just laugh. Let's get the just with the mess. You music real Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't Do, She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off.


So I ain't gonna lie, I've never really been like a big fan of SNL, but SNL 50 was, was big And I seen a couple big moments that, you know, we talked about a lot. Yeah. On there. The, the Jeopardy I saw. Shout out to Lisa Leslie Jones. That's my girl. Oh yeah. She killed and she was hosting, I think it was the Ecar. She got to do that as people were going into the SNL party after. Yeah, she was everywhere this weekend. But everybody popped out like Emini here. Some of the biggest celebrities in The World have been a part of the SNL umbrella. Yeah. So of course the moments were big this weekend as they celebrated SNL turning 50. Now one of the, the the, the highlights for me, anytime you get to see Eddie Murphy back on stage, you're back on screen. So they did this skit with Eddie Murphy and they kind of leaned into the nutty professor, him and Keenan, they did a scare, scared straight skit.


Let's listen to that. Oh yeah. Look at them pretty brown eyes. They gonna love you in prison. Ariano Pacino. Now why'd you shop lit? Huh? I was just trying to impress my girlfriend. She thick as hell. You think I never tried to impress a woman? You know, once I was a 400 pound professor huh? And I fell in love with Jade Pinkett, but he was ashamed of his weight. So he drank a serum that turned him in the buddy love. Then you go to a dinner at the Cubs house and you realize that everybody at the table is the same person because this is real. Yo. Okay. That's almost certainly the nutty professor. You better shut your damn mouth cut prison you'll be professing your lover s Right.


Professor Club was ahead of his time because that ceremony nothing but Ozempic now and Manjaro and all that other stuff. Things like definitely is definitely SNO kits. They make me miss the WANs end. The color. Yep. A hundred percent Love color. Just they had them doing the writing and had them done. You know, shout out to everybody, Kenan and Eddie and Will Ferrell and all they my people. But the Waynes like, they supposed to be doing stuff like this. You're saying the Waynes are just better than eol, that's you're saying? Absolutely, Absolutely is a I'm more sold to it. It is different. It different with them for sure. Living Color, living color. Answer. Absolutely. Hundred percent. Jim Curry, I needed all of them. Now Del back in the day though, when it was like the Will Ferrells and the Tina, Faye and Eddie and All of them were there, by the way.


Yeah. Back, back in the day. It was when They could get a little crazy. Yes. So they had this one skit where they kind of threw back to that. It was like a in in in-memory memorandum, however you say that word. And it basically was like them throwing back to the times where like they had like very sketchy moments or guess that now it just doesn't age well. Controversy. It's controversial, but it wasn't controversial at the time that now it is. No, I'm it's now controversial a hundred percent. So let's no, these skits couldn't have been dropped today or just the guests wouldn't have been allowed to come on today. SNL problematic skits. Let's take a listen to that. I'm speaking of course about SNL characters and sketches that have aged horribly. We now present to you this in memorial. Why Don't you drop outta that green jumpsuit and show me that fat ass is, It looks like this is my lucky day.


I'll take the rapists for 200. That's therapist. They got guys dancing with guys girls dancing with girls, guys who look like girls dancing with girls. For Those of you hissing at that joke, it should be noted that that joke was written by a woman. No, I'm just kidding. We don't hire women. Fuck daddy Don't judge a book by his color. My man is like r Kelly. Thank you to r Kelly. I'm Jared Bogle from Subway. They ain't put Chevy Chase when he said the N word though. They ain't put that one when he was SNL cap member. He Probably mad. She was problematic. They still had to keep it a little cute. R Kelly's attorney did come out and speak on this SNL like the fact that they mentioned him and they, she said, or that it was rather arrogant that SNL sees it as their job to decide who should and should not be canceled.


But at this point, Emini here, we didn't, I haven't heard r Kelly's name in a while. One thing you gonna know so is what an attorney says, what somebody attorney says. You know, I'm on it. I'm like, how hell you Know every, you can't Hear from Kelly at this point website for attorney talk or something like that. Is is tmz.com NBC MSN BBC The Breakfast Club because I don I never even seen r Kelly on SNL. I don't remember that. I think it's them leaning into just saying like, Diddy was talking about r Kelly. So it it's the fact No R Kelly was on the show. He was on that. I don that with Lady Gaga. 'cause I, when I I saw that story, I saw it there, but I didn't, I never saw him On there. Yeah, me neither. I'm just saying that the, the attorney upset but honestly I haven't heard his name in a while so I wouldn't be upset if I was her. At least somebody's mentioned him somewhere. I don't always say r Kelly name. It's always some stuff Emini here it is not really like report worthy, but I it's he'd be, they texting be some stuff coming out behind me.


Well this was the one thing that got people pissed off And I thought that this was the lightest thing that happened all night. Tom Hanks played a character during the Black Jeopardy skit. A character named Doug who's a MAGA supporter. Let's take a listen to that. This religious character has made people laugh for years. Oh, is this Doug? How you doing Darnell? Now I heard a fellow could win some money here And I know exactly who that is. The church lady. Yes. Yes, that is correct. Doug. Now speaking of church, can I say something? If more folks went to church, we wouldn't be in this mess we're in now. You know what? I agree with you Doug. I'd like to shake your hand sir.


Here we go. Oh. Oh no, no one time. Oh no, no. It's just, it's just a handshake. Yeah, it's just a handshake. Yeah. Alright, thank you. My, my my brother. Now maybe I'll start a show for you to come on and we'll call it White Jeopardy. We don't need it. We don't need it. So they're mocking White Lives Matter. They are making MAGA supporters out to be racist. That's how the MAGA supporters feel anyway, because he wouldn't shake Keenan's hand and he had a MAGA hat on and he had a MAGA hat on and they, he's like, everybody needs to go to church. The MAGA supporters was so upset at this. They like, yo Trump is the president at this point. Y'all need to let it go. Like whatever. However y'all feel, y'all need to let it go. I didn't think that that was an issue though. They should be Upset because it wasn't funny. It wa That's what I'm saying. It was so light Emini here. I didn't see all, I watch It and forgot it even happened And I was like, makes she be upset about this is what everybody's taking from this.


Like Eddie Murphy did all these skits and this is what y'all got to say. But yeah, so that was SNL 50. The after party was crazy too. Everybody popped off for the after party as well too. Kim Kardashian, Leslie Jones was there as well. What about the performances? Any performances? Yeah. Lil Wayne performed. You had Ln Hill there as well. And honestly people, what time she went on she, she was on top this end. Oh this morning. Damn. She was on time. But people were actually like, I guess con not confused, but they were excited to see Lil Wayne performing and having a good time and doing well and Rene had to pop out and be like get off his, you know. Well how did he sound? Let's take it. Listen, we got it. What the where Love go 5, 3, 2.


Go get the I don't love bro. I'm aiming at your head like a buffalo and you a roughneck. Well I'm a cutthroat if you a tough guy. That's jokes. Then Sun died. The night's young though. The name still shine in rough. Hey what the though Where a love go? 5, 3 2. He sound like Lil Wayne sound good To me. Yeah, he sound good. Sound good to Me. But people were like, oh my God, he's moving around the stage. Oh my god, he's having a good time. Oh my. Like he's alert. She's like, yo, stop playing with him. Yeah, like my dad have a good time. He performed all the time. Go play with somebody else. Like oh they Tried to say Lil Wayne was incapacitated in a con conservatorship or Something. That's how they tried to make it seem after he didn't get the Super Bowl is like he's not capable of doing anything.


Dave Chappelle introduced him into the performance as well too. So Dave Chappelle actually has some good skits too. He did the Immigrant Dad skit. I thought it was funny and it was like he, it was like a Mexican and he was the black neighbor. Black Richard. That was funny sir. I missed all of that. How long was this show? Exactly? How long? No, This show was long. This show was like two and a half hours long. I Thought it was two days. Wasn't two days. Well you watch it on Peacock right through It's like two and a half, two and a half hours long. I didn't watch if it was two days. I didn't watch both days. I know that they did a three things. Yeah he did evacuation SNL. They, it was Hall did after the party. It was a whole thing. Yeah. Yeah. SNL 50 I think. Yeah, go ahead. Thank you. Alright welcome. That is just with the mess. Thank you Jess. Thank you Lauren. Yeah. Now when we come back, Charlamagne Donkey today.


Who you giving a donkey to? Man? We need the US Department of Education to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with them this morning Please. Alright, we'll get into that next. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are Chicken out The Breakfast Club. This Is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes You are a donkey To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Not a new development in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency. Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society.


But I'm also very proud that my wife is white to The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your Donkey of the day The way things are going. They gonna sign an executive order to make me change that intro soon. But donkey today for Tuesday, February 18th goes to the US Department of Education while, well I should I say Donald Trump's US Department of Education. Now if you haven't been paying attention to what's going on in The World because it hasn't popped up on Shade Room just yet, let me be the first to tell you that Donald Trump and the Department of Education have decided to eliminate all race-based programs in schools. Okay. And they got 14 days to get rid of it. That's right. The Department of Education plans to cut funding for initiatives that address racial disparities in education.


They will penalize schools that consider race and scholarships hiring and a bunch of other activities. Okay. They warn schools that they risk losing federal funding if they continue to take race into account when making scholarship or hiring. Decisions are so much as noted to race in all other aspects of student academic and campus life. Oh, I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to the national desk for the report please. Dojo's newest target diversity, equity, and inclusion at the Department of Education identifying 70 DEI training grants amounting to $373 million according to Doge. One such grant trained teachers to engage in self-reflection to confront their own biases and racism.


This comes as the Department of Education continues its crackdown on DEI programs and policies in schools. On Friday, the acting assistant secretary sent out a letter reminding institutions, any discrimination based on race, color, or national origin is illegal. Adding institutions failing to comply with federal civil rights law, face potential loss of federal funding. Critics quick to respond. What Does this mean? Are they going to take away funding from historically black colleges? Are they going to take away funding from public schools that have a Latino student union? To me, it indicates just the fanatical obsession that this administration has in terms of going against DEI.


This is America 2025. You know, America's core values allegedly have always been liberty, equality and justice. These values are supposed to be the foundation of American democracy, but they aren't. Okay. Never have been. It's liberty, equality and justice for white men. And then there's the rest of us. All right? In fact, the only reason things like affirmative action exists is because government needed a remedy for the effects of longstanding discrimination in this country. Now somebody needs to explain to me what's changed. Okay? In a country where systemic racism is literally rooted in every institution, the solution is now to pretend that racism and other forms of discrimination just simply don't exist. Let's go back to doing things the way they were being done before these race-based programs existed.


So let's go back to doing what caused us to have to come up with the race-based programs to begin with. This is all part of a broader agenda to remove what they call wokeness from American education. And look, I don't care if for wokeness either, okay? I believe most woke people just simply need some sleep. But the reality is wokeness and programs designed to level the to to level the playing field for marginalized students are not the same. Okay? You can't just strip away those programs. That's like having a leaky roof and you decide to fix that leaky roof by removing the roof entirely. That would make no sense. Now this is also the latest step in the Trump administration's move to reshape programs intended to make things equal for historically underserved populations as a form of racial discrimination.


Craig Trainor, who's the education department's acting assistant secretary for civil rights, said related programs and scholarships, many of which have historically helped black and Latino students attain college degrees. Our fine community had come at the expense of white and Asian students, many of whom come from disadvantaged backgrounds. Now let me read to you a quote from Craig Trainor because this is interesting. He said, And I quote, at its core, the test is simple. If an educational institution treats a person of one race differently than it treats another person because of that person's race, the educational institution violates the law. Well, god damn, how many institutions have treated white people differently and given them preference for treatment over every other?


Other? Okay, trainer says, put simply educational institutions may need to separate or segregate students based on race, nor distribute benefits or burdens based on race. I could be wrong because I am not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary. But we got to these race based programs, we implemented things like affirmative action to make sure that policies and programs gave limited preferences to minorities and women, not just in institutions of higher education, but job hiring, awarding a government contract, other social benefits. They had to implement these things because if they didn't, white privilege would rule everything around me. Education is supposed to be the great equalizer, but how can it be when the very programs aimed at uplifting, the underserved are being dismantled?


Donald Trump and the Department of Education are sending a very clear message and that message is F you niggas. Alright? They aren't interested in addressing the real issues of inequality in our schools. Instead, they would rather gaslight us, tell us, we tripping, sweep the inequality under the rug and then tell us to act like we don't see the lump. So all these colleges that offer scholarships and grants specifically for students of certain ethnic backgrounds, all that's just gone. Schools are just barred from using race and decisions pertaining to admissions and hiring and promotion, compensation, financial aid, scholarships, prizes, administrative support, discipline, housing, graduation ceremonies, and all other aspects of student academic and campus life.


Who is gonna be policing this? Okay, what about America in 2025 Should make any of us believe we can trust people to do the right thing in regards to prejudice and discrimination. Because if you ask me what the Department of Education is currently doing is indeed prejudice and discrimination. And you know the main reason we should teach the true history of America so we don't repeat our mistakes. Winston Churchill once said, those who fail to learn from history are doomed to repeat it. We have learned nothing. And so here we are. Please let Kathy Griffin give the Department of Education the biggest haw. Please Give this giant jar of mayo the biggest heehaw.


It's cold world. Yes It is. It's cold world. It's Crazy. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now we were talking about this earlier with all the recent plane crashes and close calls on the runway. Are you scared to fly? Does it make you nervous? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We seen what happened with Delta in Toronto. The plane flipped over. We've seen what happened in even the private jet in Philly where you know the plane went right into a a residential neighborhood. Man, what city It is 45,000 commercial flights a day. Y'all 45,000 commercial flights a day.


And it's been two incidents with commercial flights. I just feel like maybe because it's so close, like you know what Emini here and then whether it's commercial in DC you know what? Emini here, DC Philly and then the plane was coming from Kansas City and then another plane like it's just a lot. Like I feel like it's a lot, you know? And, and anytime you fly for a living you look at stuff like that like, 'cause that's what I do. I fly a lot so, right. I look at that like damn, you know? 'cause at any time it could be any plane. Anybody Emini here? Well we're saying it's a lot, but the reality is it's been two commercial flights And it is the safest way to travel. They're saying flying is still one of the safest ways to travel. It's safer than driving and it's safer than anywhere else. Yeah, I still don't doubt that.


But it's just a lot going on. Like when you hear these stories, you know what, Emini here, it's a lot. Well let's open up the phone lines. We'll, taking your calls when we come back. (800) 585-1051. Call us up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Pull out. Pull out. You pull out your phone. Call in right now, you call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club Daddy call. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we open up the phone lines eight hundred five eight five one five one. We're asking with the recent plane crashes and the close calls on the runway, are you scared to fly? Now let's start with you Jess. Are you scared to fly? Yeah, I'm scared to fly. You know, it is not that to the point that I won't do it, but I'm definitely frightened. You know what Emini here, like since the whole DC collision that is definitely had me a little frazzled. You know what Emini here, but I was debating and not even going to Super Bowl weekend, you Know? Wow. Yeah, I'm not scared to fly, but I'm definitely more aware of what's been going on.


Like, like even me checking my surroundings gonna do something, but it just makes me feel better. But with all the recent crashes and the close calls, I still know that flying is the safest way to travel. Emini here, when you're on that road, there's so many people, there's slick, slick highways, there's people falling asleep. There's so many other obstacles. So I wouldn't say that I'm scared, but I'm definitely more aware. What about you Charlemagne? Well, you know, it's interesting, right? 'cause all I need to see is one thing happen one time in order for me to think it's gonna happen to me good or bad, right? I don't, I don't know if, I don't know if I'm scared though. And the reason I don't think I'm scared is because I just do math. You know 45,000 flights happen in America a day, like just commercial, right?


Flights. When we look at, you know, people use words like we say, all of these are, a lot of, it's only been two commercial flights that have this has happened to and the the flight that happened in DC that was the first time in what, 16 years or something like that? A long time. Yeah. Yeah. And so, but still it's still scary though. Like Emini here, Emini Here. But when you put about, when you think about it in context, 45,000 commercial flights a day and two commercial flights have had some mishaps. Yeah, I get it. But that lady, think about the lady on that flight that texted her husband when she was on the way down. She was seven minutes from landing. That's the DC flight. Flight Or, or the plane? The the plane that landed that it actually, I just seen the video. It actually landed and then flipped over you.


I've never heard of a plane flip that It seems. Wow. Well they said it was the win. I don't know what it was. You know what I'm saying? They landed in Toronto. Maybe they was listening to Drake and P and D's album didn't really like it and the plane just shut up, couldn't take it over. Nobody died. What's wrong with you? I'm Just say, I'm just saying I just want people, let's just put things in context. People. But even What you said envy when you said like how heav a plane is heavy as hell. How would a gust of wind flip a Emini here, flip a plane over? Like is Well you're talking about in act of nature now when God ready to, to flip some stuff over, he can flip stuff stuff Over. Yeah, but I'm saying if it could flip a a, a plane over, like was there anything else damaged in that area? That's a, that's a plane. Yo. Like Emini here.


These that wind be A commercial Flight. That wind is taking trees off the ground nowadays. The wind is the wind. This wind ain't the wind we grew up on. Mm. It's a different takeaway. It's not, we talk about climate change and everything, but this win is way stronger nowadays than it was back in the day. But I just want us to put things in perspective when we're going around saying things like a lot and all of it's been two, two commercial flights have had mishaps in 2025. Well let's go to the forums. Tell that to the flight attendant Or the people that's Yeah, people that lost notice. Like just Yeah, but I'm just saying just 'cause you ain't scared don't mean you gotta keep repeating. It's 45,000 flight. Like okay, That's nice.


That's put things in context. We Get that. But at the same time, these we Need to put, I understand what y'all saying. Everybody died on a DC flight. Everybody Died and that's horrible. Like Yeah, That is terrible. But I'm just saying we gotta put things in context. 'cause you still gotta fly. I still gotta fly. Everybody still gotta fly. Yeah. 45,000 flights fly a day. Yeah, but I will say this before we go to the phone calls, it makes me really think about when those flight attendants be be doing the whole security spiel and the whole safety spiel. Hell yeah. I don't be paying them no mind. But now I'm gonna be, I'm be like, well let me just double check. 'cause even with the seatbelt, I see a lot of people that don't even put their seatbelt on, but could you imagine those people upside down with no seatbelt on? And I wanna say, I wanna say one thing.


'cause you said this earlier, envy it is true. Not only is flying still the safest way to fly, there's way more accidents on the road and we scared to drive every day. No, I'm not Actually, that's my point. I'm Not, I'm not Scared because I think you have more, you feel like you have more control driving, like you're driving yourself and you feel like you have more control can see what happens. I don what everybody doing plane. You know the, you know the, you know the ac you know the things that scare me on the road is when you hear these accidents about like you are going through a light, like a green light, but somebody decided to run a red like that. Remember that incident that happened in California back in the day? That's the stuff I think about. Alright, well let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Hello, this is Isha. Hey, good morning. We're talking about with the recent plane crashes.


Are you scared to fly, mama? Oh, so I'm not a, I'm not scared to fly and the reason being is because I actually work in the aviation industry. Oh. So I see planes going off. Yeah, I see planes going off every day. Planes are still going off. I will say though, I've noticed like people aren't mindful of when to travel. Like people are just worried about getting to where they want to get to. They're not really being mindful of if you're flying to an area that has really bad weather, you know, sometimes it's okay to hold off a day or two before you want to get there or you know, catch a flight there. A lot of people just come up to us like, we need to get home now. We need to get there now.


Is there another fight? Like they're not, they're not worried about their safety at all. Can I ask you a question? Since you work in aviation, you know, they announced that hundreds of FAA employees were fired by the Trump administration. What does that mean exactly? Alright. They talk about air traffic controllers. Air traffic controllers a TC are the people that are in charge of, they're like basically police in the air that are in charge of the planes to let them know, okay, you can go off, you're, you can land, or alright, you gotta go this way. They give them their route, they give them everything. Like before you go off into the air, you have to contact air traffic control. So they could give you a route to go to your destination and they fired a bunch of those people. So they're kind of short staffed in that area and it is making it difficult for them because we need them.


Like all captains and planes and airlines need a lot of air traffic controls 'cause they're the ones who control. The World is constantly


changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Ready to celebrate. The magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is. State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Stray Warning Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine. The delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma. Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Especially when there's weather. Like let's Just say if it's snowing, like it's been snowing in Boston up north a lot and they're canceling all flights like yesterday and between yesterday and the day before yesterday at least a thousand JetBlue flights were canceled. Going into Boston and coming out of Boston 'cause it's like 2, 3, 4 feet of snow in Boston. So Like, yeah, no, it was Boston. It was, they canceled a lot of flights in Boston when I was coming back from my daughter's dance competition. Yeah, people couldn't make it back. I drove back but people couldn't make it back. Yep. So they're, they're in charge of helping us, making sure that we don't go into the air into bad weather, you know, and they, So why would they fired? That's what I'm saying. Why would you fire that? No sense hundreds of these people and not have a replacement for 'em.


Makes No sense knows. Thank you mama. That's so about my work. But yeah, I'm not afraid to fly. I Just say be mindful of when you're flying. If you know there's gonna be bad weather, just take a day or two and just wait. Thank you mama. But, but I will say this. No, I think we trust in them airlines to make those decisions for us, right? Because we don't know how bad it is. So, you know, we see snow, we see rain, we see wind, and we trust that those airlines will make the decision because they would know better than us, right? So if we get on that plane, we are thinking that they're making a decision that say, Hey, we can fly you guys their safety. So it's hard for a person to do it, you know? And then, but the crazy thing about it, that is when the airline canceled a flight, everybody met and then that's when you start trying to find other flights. That's what that lady was just saying, like maybe it's the reason that they cancel, like chill out.


Take that as a sign. But y'all go book other flights and find other ways to get there. You know what, Emini here so Well. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking are you scared to fly? Call us up right now. Is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're opening up the phone line to (800) 585-1051. Of course there was a plane crash over the weekend in Toronto. Nobody died. Thank God the plane actually flipped upside down. So we're asking with the recent plane crashes and close calls on the runway, are you scared to fly? Hello? Who's this? How you doing man, Jersey? What's up brother? We asking are you scared to fly Jason?


Man, calling scared to fly, but every time I do get on a plane it is very nerve wracking. I'm not saying, you know, I always just put that inside of God's hands most of the time on I just pray and you know, hopefully we get this safe and come on. Because when I get for loved ones that we get on these type of things, you know, when you get on, you gotta really just free consequently and put that in God's hands mostly. That is true. Thank because I, I can't sit here and act like I'm any more concerned to fly than I was before all of this. 'cause you're literally in a seat in the sky. Like, and I'm the guy that'll get on the plane, especially on long flights and give pilots dunking donut cards. And you know what, Emini here, literally I do stuff like that to the pilots because your life is in these people's hands, right?


So we're acting so concerned now, but when the last time you got off a plane and said thank you pilot for getting us safely All the time. Shut up. Hello. Who's this? What's the word? This hunter from the E five. Hey, what's up bro? You scared to fly Now Look, I ain't gonna lie. My first time flying was back in May of last year for my daughter's birthday. I was terrified. I was, I was terrified. Where'd you go? I was sitting by the back of the wing. We went to Texas. They got that big Kalahari, the biggest Kalahari in The World. Yep. It was actually nice though, you feel me? But I, I sat by the window, that was my problem. And I was sitting like right behind the wing and I'm looking out the window. All I see is the wing flapping. I'm thinking finally Destin And I'm about You said the wing was, That Is not what Yeah, that mother was moving bro.


Like a bird. That mother was, was shaking. You got on there high? No, look, I was, I was too sober. That was my problem. That mother was wobbling, but I'm trying to make it a, like a yearly thing for my daughter's birthday. Every year tried to take a plane somewhere different just to show her something. She just turned four last year. She be bodies here. So that's trying to make new memories with It. I like that. Thank you. Bravo. I I will say this too. You know, my dad was in the military and he, when he was in the military, he fixed planes and helicopters and he will not fly. Why? My dad will not fly for, he just, he don't like fly. He scared of, he just does not fly. I don't know if it's something that he's seen in military or you know, whatever. But he will not fly. And he was Vietnam war. He will not fly 82 years old.


He will drive to Florida. He will drive to Vegas. He will drive to California. Damn. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is Ernest. Ernest. Good morning. How are you guys doing this morning? Good. So in response, oh, you scared to fly Ernest this morning? Not at all. Not at all. We gotta understand these planes are manmade and we just gotta have faith in God when it's our time, it's our time. And you know, flying is your main mode of transportation. Depending on your job, then that's what you gotta do. It, it, it shouldn't have to worry anybody. I think Charlemagne's said 45,000 flights a day and two incidents. I don't think there's too much to worry about. More than anything I think these accidents should prove to the little orange dude that DEI is necessary.


Why is that? Well, I'm assuming based off of the stuff I read, these, these pilots were not in fact black or white or excuse me, black or women. But that they were white male pilots. I think in dc DC it was a woman. One of the pilots were a woman. Was a woman. Well That was a woman. Well then I was misinformed. But I don't think none, I don't think none of that matters though. Like that don't matter. It's your, it is your qualifications when it comes to flying the amount of classes you take, the amount of air time you have flying. I, I don't think that matters in this one. Well you know Your, you know, everything happens for a reason. That is true. Alright. What's the moral of the story? If there is a moral Guys, I Don't know if there is a moral Emini here. I just think like, you know what, like the woman said, like the woman said, who was the woman that called up and just said like, you know, just be cautious of the circumstances.


Like be cautious of the weather and things like that. Like that's the only thing I can think of. I don't, I don't, I don't know. And I, she's dunno what gonna do's, right? And she's right. How many times have a flight been delayed and you upset and you're like, I gotta get another flight instead of saying, you know what, this is a sign. Let me just fall back and ass down. Sometimes we just, like you said, just take a, yeah, sit your ass down and just, you see what happens, you know? All right, well we got just with the mess coming up, what we talking about? He said Rocky tried to plead a family card in court. Rihanna came with the kids but the prosecutors wasn't having it. They started fighting and all that. So we're not fighting, but you know, arguing. So we gonna get into the why. Alright, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Your music is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, Don't Nobody Worldwide. Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to shut the door. So the prosecutors in the courtroom for ASAP and Rally was they was about to squabble up. Huh? They got into it. So what was the problem? Okay, so first of all they were arguing. It was the, it was during a break. Asaps Attorney Joe Tech subpoena had just started his closing arguments.


They took a break in between and the prosecutors are basically saying, y'all are getting special the, to the judge. He's like, yo, you're giving him special treatment. Like he says things that you should, that when I object to you should be like, nah, he can't, you can't say that. That can't be said in front of a jury. They were arguing about perjury and offsets attorney saying that the prosecutor's office is with perjury, basically with their witness. Asaps ASAP Attorney, I'm sorry, ASAP Asaps Attorney you said In court for no reason because We're going, we're going there next. Sorry y'all but asaps attorney, they were the prosecutors were basically saying that asaps attorney gets special treatment and that asaps attorney accuse the prosecutors of being down with perjury and letting their witnesses lie on the stand. Let's take a listen.


That's unethical. And this is a guy who the ninth Circuit just said lied to a jury in the Ranford case. Your Honor. Your Honor. Hear about him. One more thing out here. And we err everything that's happened in this case. Who, which which the court's aware of. Stop. He might wanna stop. I'm so clear. I'm so correct. You should be Joe. Oh, let's stop. Let's take a break. Yes. Wow. That was them getting into it. And it was to, it was to the point where like Joe Subpoena, he took his jacket off like it was and the judge had to be like, yo, I don't wanna hear nothing from either one of y'all. Be quiet. The judge did admit though, once they went back in and went through what Joe Taina Asaps attorney said about perjury, that he should have stricken it from the record in front of jury.


So he said that when a jury came back in, he would go back and fix that 'cause he should have done it. So that was the first part of it. But then in the closing art arguments for the prosecutor, they brought up Rihanna and the fact that the babies was, was in court last week as well. Let's take a second. Yeah. That was the first time she bought the baby. Yes. The defendant is a celebrity. His wife's an even bigger celebrity. Many of you know who they are. They brought in two adorable children yesterday for closing argument. Now they haven't been here at any other time. And you have to ask yourselves, those kids have a right to be here. Why a children that age would be here in a situation like this? Don't know. But you have to ask yourselves, am I gonna let my feelings of not wanting to convict the defendant if, if you convict him, it's gonna be very difficult on the family.


That is not something you are allowed to consider. Huh? Hmm. Wow. You're not allowed to consider this man family, his kids. Well I Emini here. I think you should be allowed to consider it. And I know Asaps attorney, he did some interviews following this, saying he's a family man regardless of who his wife is and who his kids is. So that was basically you saying like basically it's the celebrity of it all. Yeah. Right. Feel like they're favoring him. They fed up with it and they basically are saying that Rihanna brought the kids into court for that one time at one time. Only to paint that picture. To paint that picture. 'cause they, they know, she know she closing arguments were were happening not to paint a picture like this. Not his real family. That's what his attorney is saying. Like, bro, it's his family. I can't help who he is being his family. These people, like these are paid actors or something.


Right. I do wanna drop on a cruise bombs for asaps lawyer, but I like how he get busy in court. Act like we going to jail. All right. I like the passion. You know what Emini here don't act like you just representing me and I'm just paying you act like we both might be going to jail. Yo, he, he get busy Emini here. He, he's known for his clothes, his closing arguments and just being worked up like that. But when I say you watch the video, they, he taking off his so jacket then ASAP takes off his So jacket I was watching, I like what they about to do. I love it. What's going on? That's crazy. And I know other prosecutors think like they not like us at all. I don never do that. So you threw Offset in there. But my, but yeah, but she apparently you had something else to say. Yeah, because this is Card been real hot and steamy bro. Sis was outside this weekend from Valentine's Day. Yeah, it was cute though.


I'm happy for her. Yeah. This is the first time that we've seen Cardi B actually publicly date someone. She was outside over the weekend for Valentine's Day with Stefan Diggs. They were in Miami. There was video of them arriving back to the hotel around like 2:00 AM So they, you know, had a good time that day and the, yeah, like she posted like the photo of her, her shoe stepping on rose petals earlier that day. So we were already trying to figure out like, so what's happening, like who she spending Valentine's Day with and in this video surface and you know, they were out together in New York prior to Yeah, I was gonna say this ain't the first time that she's been out with Diggy. Well no, let me stop before somebody say Diggy, but step on Diggs. Okay. Yeah, no it's not the first time but this is the first time they were in a section full of people.


So it's like you can play that off. Even though they were interacting. Yeah, this time it's just them two. It's 2:00 AM they pulling up to the hotel. Miami. Thanks Emini here. Thanksgiving, Valentine's Day weekend. You know what that's giving like now we'll say Stefan Digs has been a hot commodity this last like year. The, he's been the talk of the, the town he's been out with some girls. But it seems like Cardi locked him down. There's this video that I like this for her though. I like, I like, I like the athlete for her. I, I I just like him for her. I feel like she, he gives the fashion vibe that she gives people know him. So his celebrity is there as well too. Which is what she's used to. And he seems like he just sit back and let her do her like he seems very chill. Yeah. Not that we know of. What I meant is like, you know like his rapper rapper, her, her ex-husband is, what is it Ex-husband or Oh the, the, who knows the, the one that she had coming up continued.


Yeah, whatever. Okay. Yeah, but I'm saying so she was with a rapper but I like, I like Athletes Athlete Box or Cardi Wax rapper. Yeah. Something that gets a different vibe. I can see you going with that. Yeah. Well I will say back in Offset, don't wanna hear none of this conversation y'all having right now That's on right now. Maybe sick because, because she out with him. So the song Offset dropped on Friday. We didn't get to a Friday. But that song 10 that he dropped, you know people was saying like this is all about Cardi and him being upset. Let's take a listen to a part of that song. You gonna have to five get over me, get over me. You gonna have to buy to get over me to get over me. Child said I posted this video on TikTok. Right. What did he say? You gonna have to f Tim more to get over me.


Oh you had to f Tim more dudes to get over me. Now he don't say her name in the song at all, but you know the people was like here he go upset again outside looking for Cardi. Yeah, she int Miami. And the thing about life, man, offset don't want that. Don't want what? Don't want what You don't want your woman to your, your mother, your child to sleep with 10, 10 different dudes. That's not who he wants Mother get children. Yeah, your wife still Your wife, right. It's strange. Yeah, they divorced. Yeah. You don't want that I that you know you don't want that kid. People just be hurt. He posted this thing on TikTok that then was later deleted. It was this gift of this dog catching hot dogs in her mouth. And he said girls after breakups be like, and he deleted it 'cause people started being like, so what you trying to say? But you know what he doing, you know Emini here, he's trying to get under her skin.


He know that she gets online and and goes back, claps back at anything. Somebody say so you know what Emini here. But she ain't say nothing back to that did she? No girl, she isn't. So she's busy. Yeah. So He hit card, new album. She be on there talking about didn't take 10 took one. 10 took one. Oh my God. I'm Jesus. Is that's what's up. Wanted to be happy as long as Card's happy. Keep her busy. Busy Steph. That's what's up. Thank you. Well That is just with the mess. Hold Your head off set. Okay. Hmm. Lord have mercy with two hands. 'cause they thank I love that they popped out a real nice Maybach and all that freak and all that freak that Cardi be Tom Bus should be doing.


Oh stop, stop. Why doing this? That's that's right. She be doing. Oh you already know doing that. She be doing them them, them ad libs on the how about that? They be happy. They happy? All right. All right, well thank you. That's just with the mess. Let's get to the People's Choice mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month. What we doing Charlamagne Man, Every day during Black History month, my guy BDot puts out an episode of, I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either.


On Black f iHeart Radio podcast network. And today he's gonna tell us to tell of the children's March in 1963 when a bunch of kids showed up with more courage than most adults proving that sometimes the youngest voices are the loudest and the most powerful. Let's discuss it. But not these kids in Birmingham, Alabama. They weren't playing around Jack. There were 1963 and Birmingham was the most racist city in the country. Segregation was everywhere. Schools, buses, bathrooms, water fountains. And I'm thinking, how racist do you have to be to hate somebody at a water fountain? You upset that they getting hydrated.


It's silly. And the adults have been protesting for months. But the city wasn't budging. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. And his crew, they started quoting Jay-Z. They said, we need more people. That's when James Bevel said, I've got a plan. Let's get the kids involved. Now I don't know what parents sat down with they 10-year-old and said, listen, pack a lunch baby, because you going to fight Jim Crow today. But they did it and the kids, they showed up, thousands of them left school and gathered at the 16th Street Baptist Church like it was recess. And instead of dodge balls, they were like, Hey, we gonna dodge dogs, fire hoses and Billy clubs today. Seriously. That's some next level courage right there.


We talking about kids. Now imagine being a racist police officer that day. You out here ready to fight and then you see a group of 12 year olds chanting for freedom. What do you even do? Well, apparently if you're racist, Birmingham Police in 1963, you turn into cartoon villains. They brought out fire hoses. Fire hoses to blast these kids off their feet, unleash the dogs on them kids like it was a Twisted Lassie episode. Some of y'all don't remember Lassie, but here's the thing, them kids didn't stop. They got arrested about a hundreds thrown in jail like it was a field trip to Alcatraz. And more kids just kept showing up day after day they start putting on they swimsuits to prepare for the fire hoses. They marched, they sang and they did not back down kids.


And it worked. 'cause the news saw them pictures, kids getting hosed down and attacked by dogs and the whole world saw them pictures. You Google Children's March of 1963 right now and you can see them pictures. Suddenly people just couldn't ignore the civil rights movement any longer. That children's March of 1963 pushed momentum forward and led to the Civil Rights Act of 1964. That's right. A bunch of kids in pigtails, cornrows and Penny loafers helped change the laws. Now why we don't hear more about this. I think it's 'cause adults don't like being shown up by the kids. Don't nobody wanna admit that a 10-year-old with a homemade sign had more guts than most of us do right now.


But the lesson here is real. You ain't gotta wait till you're older or richer or more established to make an impact. These kids took risks because they believed in something bigger than themselves. So next time you think, what can I really do to change things? Just remember, if a bunch of kids with no smart phones, no hashtags, no TikTok followers can bring down segregation. What's stopping us? Let's all channel a little bit of 1963 energy shall we? Black folks, black folks, we channel. We don't need no white folks channeling 1963 energy. 'cause history don't just happen. It gets made. And sometimes it's made by people who ain't even old enough to drive. And I didn't know.


Maybe you didn't either. Alright, well happy Black History Month Man. And listen, make sure you subscribe to the I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio Podcast Network hosted by my guide. Be available everywhere you listen to podcast. Alright, When we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I wanna salute everybody out in Boston. I was in Boston this weekend for my daughter's dance competition. So I just wanna salute to four Star Dance studio out in Boston that held us down. I wanna salute to The Hue, which is a restaurant in, in Boston had such an amazing time. I I, like I said earlier, salute to Brooklyn.


She won first overall and first in her category. London won second overall and first in her category. So it was a great dad. So salute to all the dance dads and, and and Dance Girl Dads out there had an amazing time this weekend. That's what's up. That's what's up. And this Sunday, if you are in Tampa, Florida, make sure you get your tickets to come to the show. I will be there at Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. Me and my brother, Desi Alexander, get your tickets@jesshilariousofficial.com. The show starts at eight. There will be one show. Make sure you get your tickets, like I said@justhilariousofficial.com. See you Sunday, Tampa. Alright, Well Shalam man, you got a positive note? I do, man. I wanna say, you know, I don't know if people notice, but yesterday, tens of thousands of people all over the country were protesting against Trump and you know, Elon Musk and all of the policies that are impacting them, you know, all of these people that are losing their jobs and the federal government, they was in the streets yesterday, Emini here all over the country, like literally all over the country.


So I just want to tell all of those folks that were protesting, never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice, lying and greed. Y'all have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done? Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at so by Southwest.


Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So getting a tundra with the available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It could take you back to the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.