
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey, It's me, Tyler Bose. Open aboard or stylish, the color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


As Cybersecurity Awareness Month wraps up, remember that threats don't stop. Outdated software can leave you vulnerable to cyber attacks, making it easy for criminals to exploit security flaws. Norton 360 has you covered with multiple layers of protection designed to keep you safe online. The software Updater feature ensures your programs are always current. With Norton 360, you get robust year-round protection against today's sophisticated threats. Don't wait. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure.


How crispy are the new deli X crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli X crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm. So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for Deli me Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


This Is Simone Boyce from the Brightside. Beauty is about more than just beauty. It's about worth, individuality, and the power that comes from being your truest self. At L'Oreal Paris, beauty means embracing who you already are, enhancing the diverse features, experiences, and personality that makes you well. You L'Oreal's Beauty Essentials. Combine innovative products with that classic farian touch to help you feel like your most confident self. Because taking on The World is a little less scary. When you feel ready for your closeup. L'Oreal Paris because you are worth it. Learn more at L'Oreal paris.com.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. Good morning. Charlamagne. The guy piece to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? Feeling great. I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening, Man? That's right. Good morning to everybody out there. Salute to everybody out in New York City last night, the Yankees won. Game four. Drop a bomb for the Yankees. You say salute to everybody out in New York City. Like we not sitting in New York City right now.


Well, I Mean, people listening all over the place. So everybody Know you from New York and they know you Biased You know the Yankees are are still down three to one. They're still down three to one. So a salute. Last night I went out to shout to Red Cafe. He opened up a restaurant and Is it called The Red Cafe? No, it's called a private room. Alec actually in Queens. So I went out there last night to actually watch the game with a zillion of one New Yorkers great game. I mean, it was, it was fun to watch in New York City, in, in the heart of New York and until the Donald Trump commercial comes on. Right. Oh My God. You was out And everybody starts looking at you and you're like, look, I, we sent a cease and desist. That's all you can say. I'm not explaining myself no more.


It is just, it is. They was like, I told y'all they brought y'all up on CNN last night too. They said, we tired of seeing that commercial. I was like, Jesus. And I was hoping the commercial didn't play game only play once last Night. You know. So funny. The, the conversation they was having on CNN is the conversation we were having. What were they talking about? What ads would be effective? Right? Yeah. That's what we were talking about. Right. But whatever. But, But the sad thing about it is all the ads that played, 'cause there was 1,000,001 ads that played last night about the election. The only one that stuck with people was that ad was that ad last night. Bud, I'm tired of seeing y'all. I had a great time. I, I wasn't, Last night I wasn't watching The World series 'cause I don't like baseball. But they don't, they didn't have a lot of ads running about Puerto Rico. Like they didn't run the ad. Like there's a great ad that they have about Puerto Rico where they have the comedian's comments in there as well as Don when Donald Trump was throwing the paper towels.


No, I didn't see that. The only ad because that, because You know if you watch during the Yankees game. No. Every Puerto Rican in America was watching that last night. The, the ads that I seen that every Puerto Rican American watching the Yankees, The Republicans, they ran two transgender ads. Our ad and another transgender ad that they have the Democratic ad. They Got two. Did the other one identify the transgender ad or was it actually a transgender ad? It's like an Anti-trans anti-trans ad. Okay. And then the Dometic, I said Dominican, the Democratic ad, I would see it was about cutting people's 401k and cut his people's retirement. I see Nat ad ran a couple times last night from the Democrats from Kamala Harris side. Oh, okay. But that Was, that's, that's a solid commercial Tour. Yeah. Those are the, those are the ads that I seen last night. But it was just great being out and watching the game. So salute to the Yankees again. 4 0 1 Game five is tonight.


What you guys do yesterday, ain't they? I'm sleepy man. I'm sleepy right now. I have used it a couple more hours of sleep. Personally. Yeah. I fell asleep right after. I feel like right after Kaa stopped speaking. You take the hair off. I'm serious. I'm asking a serious question. Sometimes I do. Okay. Okay. Well see, last night I did. So this is a full unit shout out to Savvy Artistry. Okay. She made it where I am able to take it off and put it back on. Because once you curl it and you sit it right, if you sleep on it, it messes it up. And we get up so early to be here, it's easier to just throw it on, make sure it's secured and go this like, it, it's like genius. So When you take it up, what do you, you put on a hook? Like how, where do you put It? No, you have wig heads. So like I had it a mannequin head. Yeah, I have, I have professional mannequin head. So that way I could put it on, I could curl it, I could get it right.


You just put it on there. Sit it. So depending on how toxic you are, might just make it sound Sense. That would freak a dude out if you brought up dude to your house. So you got mad head. I wouldn't, I wouldn't just have my, I Short of all hair if he knew short hair, long hair. If, If he a new one, this ain't coming off And. I'm not gonna just have on my head laying out thank, thank God. But once You know, he, we Be So who makes those new era or Mic? Michel and Nest? Who? Oh, her name is Savvy Artistry name is Atri. She's a, a hairstylist from Delaware. Okay. She actually gets real busy with the units. This is a, a Fitted No, it's not fitted. Stupid. It's not a fitted. It Technically would be a fitted though. But how do you pick it? It's like the barbershop be like, lemme get a number three. No, I, so the hair, so the hair is separate. Shout out to Strand theory.


Strands a theory. The hair is separate. They're You know. It's like the natural raw bundles. So what's the unit? And then they take the bundles and they make the unit on a cat. Oh, Okay. On a hat. Don't fit it. No, Not on a New era. Mitchell Ez. That's what I'm saying. Done dumb And. I on a clue Down New era Mitchell. Eff. It's, that's a good way to make y hair. It's 6 0 4 Out the gate. That's Great. My, my curse words don't even start flowing well to about like seven. Okay. So come back and ask me that again around like 7, 7 50. Well, Gary Owen will be here at seven O'clock. Gary, we're comedian Gary Owen, we join. I got you. I'm you. Alright, because stop playing with me. I say thing if you say somebody's wig is like a hat or like a fitted, that's not a compliment means that means a fitted. No, it's not that mean. It don't sit well, don't nobody.


No, it means Sit perfectly. You go in the store and you order your, you get your fit in your right size. That's your Right size. Don't nobody want, nobody want no Scully wig. Nobody Sly back. Okay. Snap back it. It's crazy. B Cage News when we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. You better not play Kendrick right now. Okay. Play Kendrick. Alright. Alright. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren Lar. Also filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news again. In last night, the Yankees won game four, they won 11 to four. Game five is tonight at Yankee Stadium. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. Good morning. Envy, Charlamagne and Lauren.


How y'all feeling? Great. Okay, great. Good morning. Good. All right. So the countdown is on y'all election day Tuesday, November 5th. Now six days away. And on top of the front page news, making sure you exercise your right to vote, man. Yeah. So the Trump campaign, they claim that they're trying to distance themselves from the comments comedian Tony Hitch Cliffe made about the black and Latino community during a recent rally at Madison Square Garden. Right. However, during a campaign speech yesterday at Mar Largo, Trump spoke for about an hour and he touted the success of his rally at MSG adding, he is leading in key swing states and other traditional blue states. Let's hear those comments from Trump. Politicians that have been doing this for a long time, 30 and 40 years, said, there's never been an event.


So beautiful. It was like a love fest, an absolute love fest. And it was my honor to be involved. Republicans never lead in the early voting because pe for whatever reason, it's habit or it's a certain security they feel in going to the booth. But we never lead And. I don't know if we've ever led in early, every single state. We are leading in. Some states are in in play that nobody thought would ever be in play. But I think people are seeing, because again, we're a party of common sense, That's just a complete and total lie. Like, I mean, that's not even, that's not new. Like, that's not even remotely true. Like, I mean, that was like that they're, they're not leading in everything that's just a complete and total lie.


I thought you were talking about the part of being a party of common sense. You know. I'm not sure that Too. That too, that's debatable. I guess. I don't know. I, I don't know anymore. So he did not reference the controversial joke about Puerto Rico that was made during the event. But You know yesterday he was in Allentown, Pennsylvania, which has a heavy Latino population saying quote, I will deliver the best future for Puerto Ricans and for Hispanic Americans. So y'all could take that how y'all want to. Hey, I thought it was interesting how he just straight up distanced himself from the comedian. Like he said, he don't even know the guy. Like how, how you don't even know what's going on at your own rally, But gives him the platform. Right. Okay. So moving on.


Meanwhile, vice President Harris, she delivered her closing arguments to a crowd of 75,000 last night in DC on the ellipse. I was there. This is the same spot where former President Trump told Insurrectionists, I mean, excuse me, his supporters on January 6th to stand back and stand by as the crowd then went to the capitol and did what they did. So you told the crowd these, this election is the most important in our history. A choice between having a country rooted in freedom or ruled by chaos and division. Let's hear those comments from VP Harris' rally in dc. Donald Trump has spent a decade trying to keep the American people divided and afraid of each other.


That is who he is. but America, that is not who we are. We have to stop pointing fingers and start locking arms. It is time to turn the page on the drama and the conflict. It is time for a new generation of leadership in America. Yeah, I thought her speech was very solid. She showed a clear contrast between her and Trump, which isn't hard for too many people to do, but she highlighted all the reasons Trump should never hold the office. She prosecuted the case against him, but for the people who don't care about that, she provided hope and optimism for the future. I thought it was Solid and the location was sot I Was like, the location was fantastic.


She Looked super presidential. But also too, too, it was just like, check make. I see what you're doing there, sis. I got you. Yeah, she was at the, she was at the location where Donald Trump led his insurrection. That's right. Yep. That's that's absolutely right. And then just let me speak to the energy because You know this. I will just say this was my first time at a rally, even covering a rally. And it was just super, like the energy out there. Was it, it was amazing. Like it was crazy. Mm. And then the crowd was only projected to be 20,000 at first yesterday morning. By the evening it was 50,000. And then the final numbers came out to be like 75,000. Wow. Crowd overflowed back onto Constitution Avenue up. Crazy towards the Washington Monument was so, it was absolutely crazy out there.


And it was quite energetic and You know it was a little bit of a vibe, but I'm You know I'm not. What Time did you get home? Leave it with all that traffic. Oh, okay. So I have, I have an escape plan always in DC Okay. All right. From here. And so I know which routes to take, but I did, I got home about 10 30. Yes. Oh, okay. So I mean, yeah. Not too bad. Not too bad. But yeah, I was gonna say, it looks like we gotta wrap up though. Yeah. Okay. Well we got more at seven o'clock. You know we're gonna get into it. Biden got some choice things to say too. Okay. He's going viral about his comments, so we'll talk about that at seven. Alright. Thank you Morgan. We'll see you in a little bit. Sure. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Wake up. Wake up As this is your time to get it off your chest. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey Kevin from Kevin from Yonkers. Hey, What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Yeah, that's wanna go from my chest that I've been listening for a couple days now about the rally, about the Trump and Kamala Harris. And. I. Feel like the people that created the divide in the country is the Kamala Harris stuff and the rally stuff. You guys only bring up race and stuff like that. That creates divide. No one else really talks about black or white.


My brother. My brother. My brother. My brother. My brother. I love you as a black man. You not gonna say no? No, I'm actually not a, I'm actually, I'm actually not a black man. What are you? I'm actually white. Oh, you're white. So you're very biased. You don't know what I am. You okay? Well, as a human in America, for you to sit there and say that they bring up race after we just saw this rally where they, where they went at Latinos, black people and Jewish people. They just had the rally Sunday. The whole rally centered around race and identity. Okay. So, okay. But they, they brought up the Puerto Rican, that Puerto Rican joke. They brought up that comedy. So we, The Puerto Rican joke, the black joke, the Latino joke Brought up an issue that they brought up an issue that in Puerto Rico they don't have recycle.


They only have landfills. They brought up an actual issue that's going on in Puerto Rico. That's not what he said, my brother. We didn't say that man. He Said there's a big floating Around the ocean and it's called Puerto Rico. But that, but isn't it, isn't it? I'm supposed to get off my chest. Yes. Because I listened to a lady yesterday, you let her talk the whole time. And she said something about inflation going on in other countries. That's true. And there's You know why that's true. It's only inflation going on other countries that immigrants are going to No inflation. Not inflation. There's No government inflation. There's No government in Cuba. There's no government in Dominican Republic. There's no government in in certain places. People are only inflation where they're running to. We're we're never gonna get inflation dropped down.


When you have 20 million immigrants coming across the border. My Brother, I can tell you for Kamala next week, huh? Oh no. Vote for Trump. And, and and You. know what? There's a lot of people. You don't have to be black, white, Spanish to vote Trump. But I'm in the community of Yonkers. There's a lot of black Hispanic vote. Trump. Well, I would say that global. I Yo, I love the Yonkers. I would say that global inflation was caused by COVID-19. But what do I know? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 Hit us up right now. Get it off your chest. Call us up. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Hey, what doing man? I'm calling Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Good Morning. Good morning. This is Kyle. Kyle. What's up? Get it off your chest Kyle. Yo, what's up Emmy? Top of the morning I wanna address about the situation Obama stated yesterday about Trump ain't the reason why we got those stimulus checks. And the reason why I'm talking about that. 'cause a lot of people wanna vote for Trump because they think they're gonna get more stimulus. Yes sir, go ahead. Yeah, my whole thing is about that is that that shouldn't be a reason for you to vote for a president. Stimulus checks. Like let's be real. Like that's temporary money. Yeah. And it's temporary money that you receive.


It's temporary money that you receive. 'cause millions of people had to die. Like it's not like it's something that's going to happen on the regular. It's not like universal basic income. The stimulus checks the PVP loans, that all happened because of the pandemic. A pandemic. That probably wouldn't have been as bad if Donald Trump hadn't got rid of the pandemic team that President Obama had put in place and had left their form. These are all just facts. Like this ain't about political party, this ain't about Democrat, Republican. These are all just facts People Do you get tired of saying the same thing over and over and over again? 'cause people keep asking the same questions over and you gotta say the same thing over and over. No, I don't have a problem with that. I mean that's, that, that's something that the vice president said You know. Like when people ask her why she sticks to her talking points or whatever is because she said repetition is good. You gotta say things over and over.


But people get it. And I'm gonna tell you how I know that's true. This week Vice president did Club Shea, president Obama did the pivot and that thing about the stimulus check, that conversation has been going viral all week. And we still talk about it, but they been saying this, I was thinking that last night. Like they get tired of saying the same thing. It's the same they, but then I got that, I thought about it, I was like, we play the same songs over and over again. 'cause 'cause people sometimes they, you don't know when they're tuning in. You know. But They, but my point is both of them, That's not why not like us plays like 50 times. That is don't, don't try to, it's the number one record. Most important. My point is both of them and a whole lot of other people including us, we've been having that conversation about the stimulus checks. Everybody knows how the stimulus checks came to be or maybe they don't, but the fact that it just went viral this week, that means that's why repetition is good.


Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this is Jay calling from the 8 43 area. 8 4 3 low country. What's happening? What you calling from? An 8 4 3. Hey, hey, hey. I'm calling from Tle Beach Y man. How you Okay? I'm blessed Black and Holly favor man. sl. Everybody in Myrtle Beach. Georgetown. What's happening? What's up Brother? Talk to us. Get off your chest. I will, I will. Hey, I want to get off my chest. I want to take my girl out and do something special for her, but I'm not able to afford a Charlemagne You know coming from the 8 4 3 during the winter season. Everything slow down and you don't get as many as hours as you would if everything was full swing. You see what I'm saying? So what? What You trying to take her bro? What you trying to take her? What you trying to take her Charlemagne?


Man, she deserves to go anywhere in The. World bro. You know what I mean? I mean her job is what really makes me think she deserves it the most. She gets up at four in the morning and makes sure all the kids gets the school safe. Now You know how many parents we got out there depending on the school bus drop. 'cause they're not able to afford to take their kids to school being that they have to be the work or whatever the case may be. Well my girl man, she takes the kids to school, man. See 'em. They're safe and she picks them up to see 'em back home. Safe man. She deserves it. Choice. Let's not start with The. World. Let's start with Myrle Beach. But we wanna take a restaurant or you wanna take on vacation? You Wanna go to Captain George Seafood? You wanna go to Hook and Barrel? Where you trying to take her? Well, well at at Charlamagne we, she always wanted to go to a concert.


Every time somebody come to Charlotte or every time somebody come to North Carolina, we're not able to afford it. Man. Who's coming to town? Who's coming to town? Talk fast. Who's coming to town state Your claim. I don't really know because I haven't had time You know what I mean? Who favorite? Listen her Who? Her favorite artists. Like two. Two of her favorite artists. Man You know what? She'll go see anybody. I'm serious. She really would. She would go. She would go see anybody. I mean I would too You know. That's how much we appreciate y'all. My man B Lord gonna be at the House of Blues on November 30th. He DJing November 30th at Charlemagne. That's B Lord. You squeeze us in. Y'all wanna go see B Lord? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That'll work. He was supposed to have it been coming to the Marion area, but we never made it there.


Oh. So all right. So listen, we can make B Lord happen. That's my guy. Snoop to B Lord. Hey Eddie, get my man's info. I'm gonna text B Lord. Sw the DJ B Lord. That's so sweet. He gonna be at the House of Blues in Myrtle Beach on November 30th. I'm gonna, I'm gonna see if he can get you some tickets to get in there bro. Alright, that work. Hey Charlamagne, look one more thing. Yes sir. Charlamagne, I hear you talk, I hear you talk about therapy a lot. I hear you talk about mental therapy a lot. Yes sir. And how important it is. Charlamagne You know what you my therapy man, every time I listen to you Charlamagne, I do heading up a positivity until you feel like joking I can separate the difference in terms of you joking and keeping it 100. See bro, You my People, keep up the good workshop, man. You don't know man. You, you are a lot of therapy to us guy. You really is man. Well thank you my brother.


Well I'm not an expert so please go get you a real therapist 'cause I'm you working for them. I'm taking, I'm so messed up Demon. I don't, Hold on. Hold on one second. I know He ain't no What you Hold on. Get his info Eddie And bro, you wanna throw, you got a cash app, you wanna throw your cash app out there because after You know we, we get you in, you need food, drinks and all that. You wanna throw your cash app out there bro? Yeah, it is Doan James as in j Reeves. R-E-A-V-E-S 66 Doan j Reeves. 66 Doan j Reeves 66. All right brother. Yeah. R-E-A-V-E-S 66. 66. Hold on. R-E-R-E-A-V-E-S. Yes sir. 66. Hold on. Okay. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got Just with the Mess with Laura LaRosa coming up. Oh Do we? Diddy's sons allegedly, or not even allegedly. Ray J has confirmed it now and they ran down on Ray J in LA at a Halloween party. For real? Yeah. Do You know Ray J has been doing his, his new reality show during his commentary. Cracked lot. Lot of jokes on Diddy. Cracking a lot of little jokes. Little jokey jokes. They said you all. I aint, I ain't mad at him. You guys did. We gonna see You know it not Right. But I ain't mad at him. No, I ain't mad at them because they gonna have to keep that same energy with a lot of people. Wait, Wait, wait, wait. We going don't get into it now y'all. We we gonna talk about it. Okay. All right. We get into it. Next at The. Breakfast Club The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don Don. She don't spell nobody Mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Shoes. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me. All right. So Ray J was outside Halloween party. So Tara Ekra, who is just like a big influencer, she had a Halloween party. And I led a bunch of people there. Mario, Amber, rose, all these people, Ray j Christian, Quincy and Justin who are Diddy's sons were also in attendance.


And when the party was over, Ray J was headed in the parking lot. He was there actually with Amber Rose and his manager David Trob. And they were, I guess You know waiting for their car. And Christian, Justin and Quincy walk up to Ray J.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford And. I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Saba And I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist. It's efficacious. You're gonna get results and then you just go out and live your life. Meaningful beauty, Confidence is beautiful. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to chumba casino.com. At Chumba Casino, I can play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Plus I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo Juba. Live the Tumba life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tempocasino.com. bw, no purchase necessary for prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus,


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you are now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether that's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way they look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes, everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone for details.


Fall is in the air and that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT Cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


Just A few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved


And they press 'em. They, according to the sources and people that were around, and now it's not even just sources. Ray J has spoke on this Hazel E who was also in attendance and tried to break it up and spoke on this. So what they're saying is that they walked up to him. There's like a big confrontation back and forth. You know all the pushing and the blah blah. And I. Guess their issue is Ray J has said some things about Diddy and all of the sexual assault allegations. Ray Said asses were being taken. Yeah. Yep. He Right. That's what he said. Yo. So they want, they wanted to fight. They wanted to fight. The sources that are that first reported this story are saying that it was very clear that Christian and Justin and Quincy wanted to fight. That's their dad. They were upset. Did They? If they wanted to fight, they would've fought. Well what, what, what they're saying and what Ray J is saying, and I'll let us take a listen to Ray J, is that Chris Brown hopped out and got in the middle of it and calmed it down.


Hazel, we also talks about getting in the middle of it to common down. Let's take a listen to Ray J. He was talking to Wack 100 about what went down. They tried to rush you in Miami, In la Where Bro You know, I'm not gonna call y'all 'cause this could go somewhere else. And I'm like at the club dog. What dog? You didn't have Donut then with you? I ain't got nobody with me though. So how many of them was it? Two, three? What? I don't know. Like eight. Oh, so it was them and eight and they tried to rush you for real? Yeah, but don't put this up blood. Nah, it's going out. So my question to you is, can I put the other stuff out that we been knowing about? Nah, They, they, they too young. Like it's like that. Like I, I moved away from it.


Like Huh? Talk, I tried to talk some sense into like what happened but I just You know what I'm saying? Luckily the homie Chris is here. What? Wait, what? Chris? Chris Brown bro. But well whack don't put this up online. Nah, it this off. Nah, but still don't. It's going up. It's already online. Well and the, when TMZ first reported the story 'cause they broke the story that it happened, right? They just had sources. They didn't name who the sources were and who else was around. But there are sources that told them that Ray's actually been approached by Diddy's sons three times prior to this. So there's been confrontation prior to this. I Mean, they probably look at it differently because they know Ray J. Ray j has probably been to the house. I mean, Ray J when when, when Diddy went to his trip to Miami and New York, Ray J was on the, on the, on the plane with them.


So they probably know Ray and they probably have a problem with Ray K cracking jokes. Yeah. Imagine running down on somebody talking about what's up with all that asses being taken Talk. Okay. My daddy ain't taking no ass. All right. Diddy, Diddy's kids need to sit their asses down somewhere. Okay? Don't get spanked trying to prove a point that you not built to prove you gonna end up in jail with your pops or someplace worse. But you do understand it, right? It it is different when it comes from somebody like you who they don't know. And they probably know Ray J. Even If they don't know, they probably gonna wanna run down on shots. No, they not gonna run down on Char Man. Well whatever y'all on get off it. I know you upset, you frustrated. That's their pop because you're frustrated because of what Diddy going through. But stop projecting before you get hurt. That's their pop. So you do understand that? Yeah. Gorilla said she just drove by the cemetery and there's plenty room for Host.


Okay. So I know they got room for silly ass Young as trying to prove a point. And let's be clear. You, you, you, you, you try that with Ray J. And Ray J ain't even the one to play with bro. You ain't gonna run down on 50. Yeah. But you Ain't gonna run down You. know what I'm saying? You're not gonna run down on nobody. That's really, But I Don't even, I don't even want that to happen. But they have Relationship relationship with Ray J though, right? Ray J has been to the crib. Ray j has been around them. Right. I Don't even think they care about relationships. That's their dad and, and it's very public. They just pressing whoever they wanna press at this one. Not. No, They're not, they're not pressing nobody. And that's, I'm telling you, if They wanted to swing on Ray J they would've swung. They Shouldn't have swung. If they Wanted to, they would've. They didn't want to. Let's take a listen to Hazel E. 'cause Hazel E was there and she was also part of the people. I love that there were so many people there trying to break this up because people don't want anybody to crash out.


Correct. But she was there also trying to break it up. And she said she was scared. She thought shots was about to be fired. Let's take a listen. I honestly just saw like Christian, Justin Quincy kind of start circling Ray a little bit. Words were exchanged, things started getting heated. You know, I feel like Chest were being bumped. Ray had a backpack. He went around and tried to go grab his backpack and he had this satchel on. So I'm like, does he have a blower in there? Like, oh wow. I don't want it to really like get to this level. So outta nowhere Chris Brown hops out the car like a freaking leprechaun. So do you think that had Chris Brown not been there, that the situation could have gotten You know worse or gone? Oh absolutely. You were, you were worried about You know shots being fired.


Yes. Yes. Absolutely. I feel like if Chris wasn't like the bigger voice of reason in that moment, I don't think anything that any of us were saying would've toned the situation down. Diddy need to be calling from jail, telling them kids knock it off. Okay. Whatever OGs out here that support Diddy and his family, they need, they need to be telling them kids sit they ass down too. They gonna end up crashing out. You know, trying to prove a point that they not built the proof. I agree. And also with Ray J, this is the second time we've seen an altercation or a situation with Ray J. Went, grabbed that backpack, grab that backpack. I hope Ray J Backpack does not have nothing in that backpack because Dora, you need what is in that backpack? If, if I'm a police officer, what's the first thing you do when you pull him over? No, I'm going to that. I'm checking that backpack. No, No.


Don't forget the police. I hope Ray J got something in that backpack because if somebody run down on him and they actually got something, they gonna get to Ray J before Ray J get to that backpack. And if he don't got nothing in that backpack, then what? We all gonna be looking at him crazy. Yo. Because I know Ray J. Everybody playing. No, it stop it. That's what I'm saying. It could really go left, grow fast over nothing y'all like. But what if Ray J was to pull out some, like some them glasses that he be having? That's What I mean. I'm saying them down. Everybody You know he always got A new gadget you promoting like What? Oh my goodness. Everybody playing man. But once again, whatever them comb kids on, I I get off it. I know you upset, you're frustrated because of what you daddy going through. But you better stop rejecting before you get hurt.


'cause somebody gonna put belt to ass probably literally wait, that's probably what they'll do to some, give them wedgies and all kind of stuff. I feel like Ass out Off saying but, but jokes right now. Yeah. Lead the Ass Out of it. No, I'm somebody really might spank them, but once like boy, who y'all little boys playing with? Like don't relax The butt is what stirred the pot and you just gonna keep stirring. I ain't stirring no pots, no way on no butts. Okay. Ain't no butts was stirred either. I don't know what the hell you talking about. Oh, your butts. No boiling butts going on in here. Who was Stirring the butt? A boiling butt. Right? You ain't never heard of that. That's a new One. You said stirring pot. All I could think was a butt boiling on the stove. It's Too early to be that kinky but Butt and nobody's gonna drop a BA butt. Nobody's gonna drop a bomb for Chris Brown.


That stopped it. Oh yes. Drop a bomb. Two Of them. Usually y'all would say. And think about Chris Brown. One more Ray, my light skinned brother. Stop the fighting. Yeah. Shout Out To him. Dr. Beef may. Sure everybody went home safely. Shout out to You know. That's right. That's true. All Right. He was so focused on the butt. You forgot to pick up your bro. That's That's my light, bro. That's the envy, bro. Yeah, my light bro. Respect to Chris. All right, well that was just with the mess with all LA so that when we come back, we got front page news and Gary Owen will be joining us. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. So let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Last night The World series game for the late last night World Series Game 40 Yankees won 11 2, 4.


Game five is tonight. Let's go Yankees. All right, well let's jump into it. What we talking about first? Listen, the countdown is on for election day. Okay, Tuesday, November 5th, six days away. Okay. At the top of your front page news, make sure you register and exercise your right to vote if you haven't done so already in those states that have the early voting. So President Biden, he's going viral after responding to Tony Hinch Cliff's joke about Puerto Rico being a floating island of garbage. Let's jump right into the audio and hear from Biden. And just the other day, a speaker at his rally called Puerto Rico a floating island of garbage. Well, let me tell you something. The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters You know.


He says Immigrants are poisoning the blood of our country. Give me a break. He wants to do away with the birthright citizenship. Who the hell has said that in the last a hundred years? Donald Trump has no character. He doesn't give a damn about the Latino community. He's failed businessman. He's, he only cares about the billionaire friends he had and accumulating wealth for those at the top. Yeah. So President Biden made those comments during a campaign call yesterday That, but added that You know, of course, Puerto Rican people are good, decent, honorable people. Well, I I I don't understand why he's walking that back because I mean, based off the examples he gave, like if, if you, if you, if you are a person who supports those examples that he gave you are garbage The problem.


Yeah, I think, I think that he walked it back because of the number one, the backlash that he got. And then number two, backlash for what though? Because people keep pointing to, in 2016 when Hillary made like certain comments about Trump's supporters, they, they tried to say their dad also was a part of the reason why she didn't win. So maybe I gotta hear it again. I thought he was being very specific. I thought he was talking about people who agree with You know Tony. That's What he meant. But he didn't get there specifically. He was trying to like, it was a little, not nuanced, but like any gray area with Biden, they gonna try and grab it and they Did everything, everything with Biden is gray area, 97 years Old. Everything is gray by Biden Talking about And I guess right now. You know. Everybody's so focused on the undecided. They don't want undecided to feel like, oh, people gonna feel What they feel. Like. The gentleman that caught earlier that was like, no, he didn't mean it as a dis he was just saying that they do landfills.


It's just like, come on. Like, oh, are you Serious? By the way, there's no undecided at this point. Like that's just a, that's, that's, I mean, there might be a few, but You know majority of people who know who that they know who they gonna vote for. And I think we pretty much know who Biden was talking about. We do And I. I thought he was being specific and, and he said people who, people who support Donald Trump saying that immigrants poison the blood of America. I thought he was being very specific. But You know how the media get Alright, but as you were saying, Charlamagne, y'all not sure who there, there are some undecideds, we don't know who the undecided are. Wolf, maybe Vice President Mike Pence or former vice president Mike Pence is an undecided 'cause he's deciding not to endorse his former running mate, former President Trump. And he's also said that he's not going to endorse the Democratic ticket saying that they just don't, he, they don't represent the philosophy of government that he could ever support.


He also made comments about Trump and regards to January 6th saying that he was hoping that he was going to come around and realize that he was just misinformed about what Pence's job was that day. He was saying that he was not afraid on January 6th, but he was very, very angry. I think that speaks to a major point that your former vice president is not going to endorse you. So there's that How nobody gets mad when those white men talk like that. I hear a lot of Republican white men say that they not going endorse or they not going to vote and nobody ever gets mad at them and says you don't like, like, like, like I see this thing going around saying you don't ever hear other communities telling their folks not to vote.


That might be true, but they definitely say they not voting. Those high ranking elected officials be saying They're not voting or won, say out loud who they're voting for. This may be part of a larger issue within the Republican party because during those comments that Mike Pence made yesterday, this happened at a luncheon yesterday in Long Island. He actually said there are voices in the Republican party who are prepared to walk away from our allies and American leadership in The World and voices that are marginalizing the sanctity of life. So this could be the sign of a bigger issue within the Republican party. He said he doesn't like the, the direction that the party is going in. Duh. We'll see what happens there. I say it all the time. I don't know why they let Donald Trump hijack the Republican party the way that they have.


I do not Maga period. I got, I don't know why they let maga hijack the con the Republican Party. It's ridiculous. But You know what Nikki Haley, she gonna stick beside him. She says she is gonna vote for former president Donald Trump. In her words, she says, we know what we're going to get in an interview with Fox News yesterday. The u the former UN ambassador that's United Nations ambassador and former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley said, under President Trump, we know how strong he was on border and how energy dominant the US was one of Trump's strongest rivals. And she was one of Trump's, of course, strongest rivals early on in the campaign. But she says she doesn't have to agree with him 100% to vote for him. But she did agree he should change his messaging to women.


Let's hear some audio from Nikki Haley, Last time I talked to him was back in June. They're very aware that we're on standby. They know that we would be there to help. I've helped with some fundraising letters and text messages and those types of things. So we've done that. But look, we're on the same team. It is their campaign's decision on what he needs. And these last final days, it does not bother me at all. They also need to look at how they're talking about women. I mean the, this bromance and this masculinity stuff, I mean, it it it borders on edgy to the point that it's gonna make women uncomfortable. You know you've got affiliated packs that are doing commercials about calling Kamala the C word. Or you had speakers at Madison Square Gardens You know referring to her and her pimps.


That is not the way to win women. Well, there you go. And early on in that audio, she was asking why basically she hasn't been on the or Well, she was asked why she hasn't been on the campaign trail with the Trump administrate or the Trump campaign trail. And she pretty much said she hasn't been asked. But if she was called to do so, then she would answer that call Nick. She's not gonna be asked as long as she's gonna say stuff like that out loud, in my Opinion. Yeah. And Nikki, not Six days left. Go go. Just wrap it up. Yeah. And Nikki's not gonna be out there because she knows she don't even believe what she's saying. And when Nicki was here on The Breakfast Club earlier this year, she said Donald Trump is toxic and that he lacks moral clarity. She said he's made it chaotic. He's made it self-absorbed.


Yep. He's made people dislike and judge each other. He's left that a president should, he's left. That a president should have moral clarity and know the difference between right or wrong. And he's just toxic. That's what Nikki Haley said right here on The Breakfast Club. And she said, I think a lot of the things he broke need broke need to be broken, but he doesn't know how to fix things again. Right. That's what Nikki Haley said here on The Breakfast Club earlier this year. Did You see how they talk about it inside each other though? I don't. She don't believe what she's saying. Nah, not at all. All right. So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. I'll be posting more from last night's rally. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio App.


And visit us@bnews.com. Thank y'all. Happy hope. All right, thanks Morgan. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, comedian Gary Owen will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Jess on maternity leave. So long Osis filling in. That's right. And we got a special guest in the building fresh From the Mago rally. This It was awesome. Ladies and gentlemen. Gary Owen. It was Awesome. What, sitting At that seat? He looks like he was there. Wow. He wasn't there, right? Yeah. IIII do both. I did a Puerto Ric Rico parade and the Magar rally. I just trying to blend everybody together.


Equal opportunity. Yeah. How you feeling Gary? Good You know we had 50 cent up here. He said he was supposed to perform at the Magar rally and they offered him $3 million. He said no, he turned it down. Oh, I would've probably performed you. I just asked for forgiveness. You went on before or after Tony. It doesn't matter. Yeah. Doesn't Matter. I don't know. What did you think of Tony's joke? You thought it was too much or you just thought he's being a comedian? No, I thought for that job it's like, it's like, it's like when you do a corporate show or a college, you, you ask ahead of time what's cool. They knew what he was gonna do isn't just stop acting like they were shocked. They knew it. That's what he does too. So for his audience it played. But for people that don't know him and you gotta think about it like it's not gonna hurt him. No.


Like we like to think it is. Right. But it's only probably boosted his ticket sales because the people that are offended we're never gonna pay to see him anyways. True. So that, it's almost like when you get internet trolls as a comedian, people that get mad at a joke. They, I was like, you were never gonna come see me live anyway. Gotcha. So for him then it's not gonna hurt him. I've seen him be funnier and it wasn't him, it was the campaign. The guy running for president of the United States of America. If You know you need Puerto Ricans. Right. Or Latino voters votes. Yeah. And You know you need black voters. You don't put somebody up there to insult them. Yeah. In other words, there was no follow up. It was just like, yeah, Puerto Rican's trash And, I go, where's the punchline? I can't wait for the rest. I was like, well, where he going with this? And he just moved on.


I was like, oh, okay. It's like me telling a joke. Yeah. It hit his, my house last night. Oh right. You think about the election, like what, what, where's the rest of the story? Yeah. It's kind of nasty. I, I wanted to know, you ever think about teaching a class of how to avoid the police or getting served because you did that for a long time and you need a standing ovation divorce. I'm Oh My divorce. Yeah. Now for your divorce, you were, they were trying to serve you for how long? That didn't instantly click. 'cause you talk about it all the time. You didn't know what you was talking about. What, I Dunno what you're talking about. Said being served You know what he's talking about. It didn't Instantly No, I'm talking about the police. When he said avoid the police, He meant the ser process service. He had the processor. Lemme See. So it was in Mark Island. So March.


So March, April, may, June, July. It was four months. Four Months. They were trying to serve you four months. And you dodged them for four months. They they almost got me in Colorado Springs. Man. Let, let me break it down. You were getting a divorce from your wife. Your, your, your wife was filing in California where it's 50 50. Yeah. You were filing for life. For Life. You were filing for life bro. You were filing in Ohio Where we paid taxes and we voted. Right. So, so I was doing the legal thing. Look, you even know what to say right now. Yeah, Yeah. He's still correct. Well, No, that's that. I mean that's facts. He just making sure it's goes in with the clip. I, here's the thing, the narrative is I filed in Ohio to avoid paying No, I filed in Ohio.


'cause that's where we voted and paid taxes. And we would've, when we built the house in California, I literally called my accountant. It was like, yo, I don't want to pay California taxes. What can I build a house in California and live there? And he was like, as long as you spend less than 50% of the year and you're a comedian. So I'm always on the road. And, I, keep my residency, we keep our residency in Ohio. Right. That's what we did. So it wasn't the money factor, it was no. Legally that's where we lived and that's where we voted. So you had a house in Ohio and a house in California. So you, You knew she was coming for you? Well, the, the processor I found out. Yeah. So how did you avoid it for four months? Because I heard they were popping up at your show was at the airports and yo I was beast. I was, I was at the, I was beast. I remember one time I was at, I was at the, I was at the, I was at the Four Seasons in Baltimore, Maryland for two weeks under Mohammed Shabazz.


They never used Me, bro. Hey, they had a, they're used to like politicians and celebs, I guess. So they were taking me up through the employee elevator and like my door was right there. So the employee elevator opens up and my room was right there. I had the same brother that brought me my Uber eats. I was just, I was trapped. Was they, was they in character like too, like, Hey, Mr. Shabazz. Yeah. I, my leg Funny. They also said that doing your comedy show, you wouldn't stand at the edge of the stage. You would stand back there. You stand at the back of the I was in the back, bro. And what the, how did you serve her? Because you had to serve her as well. So y'all were playing this game? Yeah, It was, I, I'm not even, it was a big cat mouse.


I'm not upset about it. I, I remember I was always going like, I wonder how this is gonna play out. Like, how am I gonna get caught or is she gonna get caught? Because at one point I was in West Virginia for two weeks at my boys' house I went to high school with, because I knew nobody I was gonna find me there. I was laying low, I was off the grid, changed my sale number. Wasn't really using the internet. You could look at my timeline on social media. I was off social media. We finally got her. I hired a process server. And I said, I want 24 7 surveillance on the house. I gotta get this over with. And then she hit me with this huge bill and she wasn't served yet. I said, well, I'm not gonna pay you until she served. Why did I hire this lady out of Ohio? Me and her got on a plane, flew into Sacramento, rented a car we go to where we used to live in California.


We, we had her served within an hour. I called the lady. I was like, how did I get her within an hour? And you've got 24 7 on the house. I said, so I'm not paying you this bill. I mean, we just got lucky. I literally saw pulling out of a grocery store parking lot. We were found on the highway about 15 miles. And then she pulled up Panera Bread, went to the drive through and got stuck. You, She open the window to get the food. You just, here you go. She rolled down her window and placed her order and the lady just popped up. You served. Oh wow. Boy, Y'all good now family wise though, because I know all of this. It was like your, your kids weren't, they didn't want much to do with you at, at one point in time. We were talking about it. Yeah, but I saw your son. Yeah, We just reconciled like a month and a half ago, two months ago. Right.


So we're good. How did that happen? It, it was like, everybody says, you gotta let them process everything. And in time they'll, they'll realize Mom and dad are adults. We're not perfect. And then he just texted me. He needed me, he needed my advice on something. So he texted me and then I called him and then we'd been talking. Then I went to California and then he came to Houston to see the twins, the new ones. And then, yeah, we're good now. Gimme a napkin. White man cried. White man cried, man. We Don't care about white men. Tears. Are you, are you and your your ex klo or No? Yeah. No.


We're Cordial. Y'all speak now? You laugh about it now? No, it's Like every divorce couple I think we'll say something, we'll argue. But before we hang up, we're laughing and You know, like every now and then I'll, I'm a comedian, so I'll say something on stage. And some like, people always ask and people are so emotionally invested. And I'll say something like, she might send me a text. Like, I appreciate that. Then I'll be like, just call me and we'll talk it out. This is what it is. Gotcha. You know we're cordial. How'd it feel being a new father? I like it. I didn't think I was gonna enjoy it as much, but I like it. I like it. How old are they? 15 months. Okay. Okay. Okay. So it was after the divorce, so people weren't try and do the math. Who was after the divorce? The twins. The twins came after the divorce? No, Because You know that they were, the, the, the argument was that the relationship with her wasn't after the divorce.


After the divorce doing the Gary's up for debate. You took yourself There. You took yourself there. I just wanted to, okay, all, Here we go. Yeah. When's Jess coming back? I miss her. When is she coming back? My god. Jess. I had babies. She I miss you. I miss you. Jess You know in your new relationship. All right, we got more with comedian and actor Gary Owen, when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Fill it in for Jess. And we're still kicking it with Gary Owen Charlamagne.


So the new special broken family. Yeah, it's out. Came out last night on YouTube. It's been on mint dot comedy for about a month. So that we, we are pretty good on there. But it's on YouTube now. You start the special off by saying that the boys is officially final. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you really want, do you feel like that's a congratulations? Or you feel like, I feel like this special book of family, I can finally put it to bed, then I can move on. And even in my new hour that I'm, I'm doing on the road now, it's, there's no divorce jokes. It's just all about the twins where I'm at in my life right now and everything else. It's not, there's nothing about the divorce. Yeah. How is that, how is, 'cause You know you're an older dad. Yeah. You did this already, but now you're doing it at 50.


Yeah. How is that? Whoa. I think it's cool. I got a nanny. Helps. You got a Nanny, dude. Nannies are amazing. So, so how do you still do the things that you used to? Gotta take 'em, take 'em to whatever they Did. Yeah. We go to Swim You know, teach 'em how to swim. I do all the dad stuff. I like being a dad. I like being a dad with my older kids. You know. So I'm, I'm cool with it. You know you are a little older. You go like, anytime you go like Gymboree, you are like grandpa. You start doing the math in your head. How old will I be be when they 15 or when they 20 or college? It's like, if they're athletes, I always say like, I'll, I'll still be around for the draft. I ain't gonna make the Hall of Fame speech, bro. It's gonna be like I miss my dad.


He, the reason I made the BT awards of the, we lost this guy this year up in the clouds. Talk to me about black girl Energy. Man. Am I special? Special? What'd I say after it's so long said black Girl Energy. And you talked about how scary it is. Did I, that's scary in a bad way. But you talking about with my ex? Yes. Did you, not you And when and when you stepped in your new, your new booth. Scary. Explain. No, when black women get mad at you, it's scary. You scared? She as a white dude. You scared now Dude. It's a white dude. That's scary. Yeah. I wish I really miss Jess. I like You know. I like Did you hire her? What? Did you find her angry black woman do com Mv?


She was on tmz. Oh, yout. I wait for you. Harvey. Levi, you making it funny? It's hard, but You know what? I like that you don't answer that question because it is something that,


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Sba And I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist. It's efficacious. You're gonna get results and then you just go out and live your life Meaningful beauty, confidence is beautiful. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Step into The World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you Want to get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather slots. Someday I will call upon you to do a service For me. Play The Godfather now@choacasino.com. Welcome To the family. No purchase necessary. Vdw Group of Boy prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Fall is in the air and that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


Moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities and liver blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite


Have to be seen in context. It is in context. Facts, how he bring it up. Tell us the difference between a Trump supporter and a Trump thumper. What's the difference between that? Oh, my dad. Yeah. My dad's a Trump of Thumper. That those are ones that Trump could do no wrong. There's Trump supporters that can be honest. Like, look, I'm voting for him. 'cause I think financially it'll be better for me. We, I've met those. But the Trump of Thumas is like, like they're straight up. Nah, Tony, that's cool. That was funny. But if somebody said something about Trump, they'd be like, oh, that's, that's offensive. You said your dad's a Trumper. Oh, he is Trump thumper. So how does your dad meet your your your new girl? Oh, he ain't. Oh, I ain't talked to that motherfucker. Three and a half years. Jesus. Oh, so you don't talk to your pop? No. Why, why did you stop talking to him?


I didn't take him to a Reds game. And he got mad Straight up. Really? Yo Don don't take this. You gonna say white people crazy. Yeah. White people are different. Or like, what a Red baseball game. We know exactly what he's talking about. Lauren. That's not gonna, here's, that's gonna make me my, that's not gonna make So my dad not speak to them for three years. Facts. Yeah. Will. So you gotta realize my dad was very much a he was, he was. Y'all. I And you don't realize it until you're outta the situation. He was the user. Like, be careful your friends, be careful of people around you. I was always deeper. He was the one that we went out to eat. I'm paying, if we go to an event I'm paying. That's your dad. If came to a, if he came to a special, I gotta fly him out type deal.


Right. Dope. No, he did not raise me. He wasn't around. Still my bad. But just, no, my dad was not around growing up, bro. He, he, he was. I saw maybe he really black Sometimes. Yeah. Oh yeah. No, no. I saw him, I saw him Once in a while and then when I got on TV and stuff, then he came around. Right then he wanted to be in the mix. Right. And then in the middle of the divorce and the process server stuff, I came home to Cincinnati. And, I called like two people and was like, look, don't go on social media. Don't say nothing. I said, I I gotta, I gotta do something. 'cause I was, I felt like Stockholm syndrome. I said I'm gonna go to Red's game. But I got a suite 'cause I can't sit in the stands. I don't want somebody going up, going, you want some peanuts and papers. You know. So I got a suite. We only had like seven, eight people in the suite.


Everybody was cool. I didn't invite my dad. I never told him I was going, but I didn't tell him. I didn't invite him and didn't uninvite him. I never told him. How did you find out on Facebook? One of my uncles went. So he got found uncle. Okay, lemme tell you this half. Why? Why's your dad? No, no, no. Nothing. Sound all happened. I was already at the game. Wasn't inviting nobody. My uncle called and was like, what are you doing? I was like, dude, I'm at, I'm at the Reds game. Where you at? He was downtown. I was like, dude, 'cause when you get a suite, you get 16 tickets. I said, I'm I'm gonna text you a couple seats. Come stop by. He was there for like 30 minutes. But he told my dad I went to the Reds game with Gary or something like that. And then my dad called and just cussed me out with this voicemail. And then he, I called him to like, Hey, is this, are you really mad about a Reds game?


And then it just went left. We just started cussing each other out. And then that's the last time I talked to him. I'll be mad at you and the uncle. You had two tickets and you didn't invite me music. Yeah. 16. 16 tickets. But you gave the uncle tw two of 'em. He's never listen, he never, he never took me to a Reds Game. You get one father ever. He can take me to nothing. You get one father. Huh? You get one father. Right. My grandmother has always raised me. I I understand where you're coming from, but you get one father. So what would You do? Lauren? Let ask you this Lauren, all this this, these black grandparents, they know everything clearly. That's what I learned about black people just now. They know everything. You know. They buy with Thumper. Oh God. And they raised em heavy on that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Okay. Anyways, you And your dad just got on good terms. And You know what I did when I went to North Carolina. I called my dad and said, Hey dad, you have a minute.


I would love to come by and see, Hey, what do he say? You know. No You know what he said? No, he didn't have a mini. He said he was working. Oh my God. But I reached out. Oh. Oh man. I was like, this You know what? Just dad would've showed up. That's right. If showed up, they would've showed up. Kev would've definitely showed up. No. Lemme ask you this. Lemme ask you this. Since You know everything, you got one thing. Now you gonna go ahead, ask me. Lemme close. What do you, how do you respond? Lemme ask you this. How do you respond when first you get a voicemail from your dad cussing you out? Like straight. Cussing me out. Yes. And then you get a text to follow it up. Cussing me out. And then when you call him, he starts cuss you on again.


All over re game. At what point do you be like, what am what am I Doing? You gotta protect your boundaries. I've gotten all of the three. Okay. But like I told you, I was raised, you only get one father. So even if I just shoot him a text sometimes just be like, Hey, I'm thinking about you wanna let You know all love you. He might, he don't have to respond. And if he does respond sometimes, oh my God, he's been blocked in my phone sometimes and can't respond. This Got an Tyler Perry movie up here. What this is. Oh my God. You get One father, you Daddy. That's the name of the movie. You only get one Daddy said earlier, dad, your kids had To learn you not perfect. Have you seen him come Your father, you he's a foreman. Is that black girl energy? You feel it? You feel a black girl? I felt, I felt a big time, bro. I stopped sweating. And I got used to it. No, You stopped sweating.


'cause I showed you how to really build a fan. Oh God. You can't just let it go. She's gotta take credit for everything. Oh my God. Oh my God. I'm gonna start dating white women. I'm telling you. You're gonna, you're gonna take me there. You kidding? You're gonna take me there. No. If I'm the reason you start dating white women, that story driving the white women is crazy. I would be the only white guy though on the planet. Like if I, if they got a picture of me with the white women, black would be like, sell out. Knew it. I knew it was a sellout dog. Alright, we got more with Gary Owen when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club.


Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we still have Gary Owen in the building. Charlamagne The black girl energy I was talking about earlier was when your ex-wife, you wanted to sit in front of the plane, but his ex ex-wife. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, that, that's a true story. One time we were flying And I, I got upgraded and she didn't And. I You know when you get upgraded you get the, the, the notification on your phone. I was like, oh sweet. I got upgraded. And. I was like, oh, she's flying with me. So I was like, do I tell her And I was like, I just wait. So I waited until we got to the airport. And I was like, oh my God, I just got upgraded. I was like, what? What are we doing? And she was like, what do you mean? I go, can I sit in the front? Can I think the flight was only like an hour and a half. I just remember she looked at me, she was like, take your ass to the front.


See what the fuck happens. I was like this guess I'm sitting in the back. And then about, I said if I'd have known my divorce gonna end, my mayor's gonna end a divorce. I would've, I would've sat in the front that day. But that was, that was scary. Black woman. I energy for real, real. You Like throw you She just had to go to the back. Hm. You was gonna, she, you wasn't gonna go back there with her. I asked. I just asked. I sat in the back with her. That is I sat in the back. That is hor. Y'all would do that. Charla made and envy. Would you guys leave your wives and coach and go to first class? We'll leave them in Coach and go to first first class. I said left them like I I've I was I've done that before. It depends. It depends how long a flight is. Short flight. It was an hour and a half. Yeah. And it depends how far the she are Apart. Would you, would your wives have known before you guys got to the airport?


Well, I, that You know that something like that recently happened. Alright, let me ask you this. Lemme ask you this. Lemme sorry I just cut you off. 'cause I tell that story wasn't gonna be very good. So We, we always talk about that instance. You gotta realize we were together so long, we flew so many flights together. So I'll give you another instance since obviously you think you're trying to get me on all this. I could already tell but one time she was pregnant, right? And, I got upgraded and she didn't. So I said, well, let's have some fun with this one. So I'm in first And I. When she got on the plane, I was like, ma'am, I said, oh my God, I would feel awful if you're pregnant like that. And I'm in first take my seat. And then she just, she sat in the front and I'm in the back.


That's cute. She had the big belly. And. I. Remember the flight attendant goes, anything he wants, he gets Right. She didn't know y'all was a couple. Huh? She didn't know y'all was a couple. No, she didn't know. So of course she's pregnant. I put her in the front. And I sat in the back. I do wonder how you learn to love black people the way that you do. Being that your father was, I mean, you, you openly say he is a racist. He was racist. He's a functional bigot. Okay. I don't think he's realizes the stuff he says and, and does. But I, I don't think he just out and out hates black people as a, as a quote. I just don't think black people are at his wedding are coming to his house to hang out. You know what I mean? He likes black people like over there. He likes to root for he like segregation. Something Like that. Yeah.


This is crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I don't think you realize it people so much. If if your dad. Yeah, that's what I mean. Like what? Like Yeah. How did that happen? I don't know. Probably the military, military. Military. My first bunk mate, his name was Co Washington from South Carolina. That's black. Yeah. Facts. And then You know you gotta rely on each other and you're all making the same amount of money. Everybody. So it's just, when you get to the military, I just, I gravitated 'cause I liked playing basketball and nothing will make a white guy want to hang around black people more than just hit a shot or dunk a ball. And the brothers go, ah, damn. Yeah. It's like that s like if you can dance too. Oh my God. You be you raising up. Yeah. You go out with him one night and you hit one move.


Oh, You can dance. You, you, you can dance. Huh? You can. You got rhythm. I mean, yeah. I've been, I've been girls for a long time. Look, Tyrese black man, cry white man. How, how about, how was your mom? I don't talk to her either. God. Jesus. I Know, right? That's Scary. Like it's bad. I know. Yeah. I don't talk to my mom. And I ain't talking my mom in like eight years. Why? Just when my brother died, when my brother had the heroin overdose, I, I want to try to get custody of his daughter. And then that it was a, it was just a ugly it ugly custody battle. And that kind of ended it. You was fighting your mom for custody? Yeah, I didn't wanna fight her. I just said I knew it was gonna be bad because you gotta realize, Mike, I got one, one brother died of a heroin overdose.


The other brother, they found him in a parking lot, half beaten to death. So he's like, he's like the brain of a 4-year-old right now. No. And that, that was drug related. 'cause he was, he was doing drugs and selling drugs and then it caught up to him. Like it's clearly the people he stole from got him. And we knew it was coming and he was living at home with my mom and stepdad. So I, when my brother died, I was like, I knew what he was doing. So I was like, I didn't want it to come back. 'cause I wouldn't allow him at my house. Like they couldn't even, I said, you can't get my address 'cause I don't want to be in there with some family function. And now people wanna retaliate on him. So I just thought for my brother's daughter, I was like, we we're a better option. And it just got it, it was such a ugly custody thing.


And I'm not gonna get into it, but it was like different threats made and stuff. So I was just like, we got, we gotta fall back. You know. They say tragedy is the mirror image of comedy. I was just thinking facts. You Got a lot of, Because c Oh. 'cause like, I remember when Chris Tucker hit on Friday. I remember he was saying like, it's some interview. He goes, yeah, I'm having a hard time doing standup. 'cause like, all my jokes about being broke, living with my mom. He goes, now I got some money. There's nothing, there's nothing funny about having money You. know what I mean? But yeah, so I I guess there's a lot to unpack in, in my past, I guess. Damn. But, And like real life, like when you're not being the comedian, like what do you do to kind of center your, like, just be okay? You got a lot that you, he cries that you kind of compartmentalize. I I don't know about crying, bro. I understand you.


I, me at peace a lot more now listen, you miss saying You cry all interview. Yeah, I do. I cry in my car by myself. I don't really, I'm not gonna cry on Breakfast Club. When the last time you cried Gary, you trying to get me? I don't know. You You know. You, you I cry in my car. Like a song will come on me. It'll hit. You'd be like, like if they had a hidden camera in my car, they'd be like, God damn, this guy like a range of emotion that that it's been a long time record with Koo. That wouldn't get you. No, no. That doesn't gimme a lot. I tell you there's a good one. Chris Stapleton and Pink. They got a couple songs there. One is called Just Say I'm sorry. Oh, that one gets me because it's, it really is like what you go back to.


It's that easy. Even if You know you're not right, just say you're sorry. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's, that's what I had to do with when, when I reconciled with my son, I was just like, listen, I know we got a lot to unpack. I said, but I, I didn't handle everything perfect, but I'm just apologizing. I don't know what you've heard. But we, we, we was able to talk about everything. I was just like, dude, that was, that was my bad. What about your ex-wife? Have you apologized to her? Yeah. Yeah. I apologize for the indels and stuff like that. Yeah. I apologize. I'm sorry. Publicly. Look, I, I'm sorry I'm saying publicly or just, just I just did but nah, in private You know. I told her You ain't get me to cry bro. I'm not trying to get you to cry. Gary and the new special broken family. Oh, it's on YouTube.


We have it's streaming on YouTube now. Yeah. It's stream on YouTube. Why should people watch you Gary? Huh? It Oh, it's just, it's good. It's funny. Yes. It's just funny. We try to overthink things with standup Man. It's just funny. And I got, I I, when I filmed this, I did, I did this special on Friday and then a different one on Saturday. Mm. So that, that one will be out for the years out. We're just, we're just letting this one ride and then we'll do the other one on you. YouTube. Oh, so you're dropping two specials this year. Wow. So we're probably, I'm thinking I I wanna do New Year's Eve, but there's, so let's see, let's see. But hey, I'll have two out for the years out. This is Gary Owen, it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Throw Gary on. Man. Gary is stupid. Hell though. Crazy. Make sure you watch his YouTube special Broken family since Netflix.


Probably never given him one hit. Jesus. He gonna say he's scared of me. What he scared for? He saw you without a wig. First of all, nobody has not ever in his life. Let's not this black girl. Let's get the just with the mess with law and LaRosa. You is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, She Don't spare. Nobody Bro. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa. I back And. I got the mess. Talk To me. So real quick, mention on The World series. I know we talked about this at the, the front of the show, but wanted to bring it back up again.


They, the Yankees won 11 to four. Yep. Over the Dodgers. And Ashanti popped out like, I mean she's had a baby. She's gotten engaged. There's been a lot that has happened since we last saw Ashanti performing anywhere. Ashanti popped out and she sung the national anthem. Let's take a listen. Can you see who so proud? The in the mother three.


Okay. Ashanti And her boo thing was there. Nelly was there, he was in the stands and after she sung, he posted a video with her telling her like, oh, You know you did so good and it was kissing. They're just so cute. We'll drop On a close bomb for Ashanti. Yes. Day one. So yes. Clearly she did something right. That's right. Maybe if they would've had Fat Joe sound right the other night, You know what I mean? He would've been able to put some magic on the stadium too. That's right. I'm so happy to had her sound right. I would've had Her sound Right if they didn't have her sound right. Even Though Nelly did have a Dodge's jersey on. But we let him slide. Go ahead. So another thing that happened during the game, Mookie bets. He went up to catch a ball and a fan tried to grab, or actually two fans. Yeah, two fans. They actually got the ball out of his hands and then it dropped.


So You know, I don't watch baseball. Right. I always thought though, when I did see clips like this that you wanted, especially during something like a World series, of course the fans want the ball. 'cause it's a mo like something that they can keep. Right. Why not let 'em keep it? Why not charge them fans with assault? Well, you're not supposed to interfere with the players at the game. And that was assault. But that's how I knew the Yankees were gonna win last night. That's what I knew. New York was just fed up. We wasn't taking no more ish. I mean, what they did was foul. I and Fred, they ain't out there playing. They Grabbed his hand, they grabbed his glove, they pulled the ball and then they threw it back out. Those fans were, that was Assault. Don't That come with Re come with it. Like, Like people heckling at a comedy show. Not heck assault. You're not supposed to grab the actual players. But they showed the replay. I heard the stadium went crazy. And then they kicked those fans out.


Yeah, they were ejected. So one of the fans was a guy from Connecticut. He was ejected immediately after that happened. So You know it was $8,000 tickets too. I don't care. That was assault. They Assaulted That. Man, you could let me keep that ball for $8,000. He didn't want the ball. You, The fans wanted The ball. He didn't want, he didn't want that ball. He wanted to throw the ball out his hand so it wouldn't be a catch. So it wouldn't be an out. He was trying to throw the ball out His hand. Oh, because wasn't they, it was like they were like two white privilege or something else. Something. What was happening at that time? They were Down. I saw two white men. The Dodgers were assault somebody and rob him and they acting like they didn't see it. That's what I saw. I saw two, two white men assault somebody and rob him. Him. Of course you didn't 'cause you a white man. I heard those two gentlemen will be back to Yankee Stadium tonight.


That's what I heard. Allegedly, Sir. I think that's crazy. If you gonna eject them, why allow 'em to come right back? Because They're white. The Yankee cam, the Yankee fans, And they robbed, they the man on national television. Everybody's watched it over and over. But somehow y'all feel sorry for them. They Gave it back. But that's how I knew we were gonna win last night. New York was fed up. The Yankee fans were fed up last night. He's from Connecticut. Salute. I said, that's what I said. Yankee fans was fed up salute to those connect and They was not there playing. Well, they need to be, charges need to be pressed against him. Mookie press charges. Two white men, a soda man named Mookie. And y'all riding with them. Oh boy. Y'all make me think Mookie did sound like your cousin. Okay, so another news, remember yesterday we told the people there was gonna be some news dropping from the Wayans family. And when you see it, just remember that we told y'all it was coming.


Yes Ma'am. Pause. Whoa. It happened. So the Wayans brothers yesterday announced that they are going to be rebooting Scary Movie. Shout out to them. Okay. I thought There was a issue. I guess I thought there was an issue that they didn't own it and then No, I guess they, Oh, they still don't own it. They just, they're writing, they're writing a movie. Movie. Yeah. They're writing another edition to the franchise. But they're, they, they, Marlon talked about that on Club Shaha the whole like, so they, they stealing it and blah like all that stuff. But yeah, so they are writing another like movie, movie under the franchise. Okay. And it'll be all of the family. This will be the first time. I believe it's in like 20 years. That, or 18. It's either 18 or 20 Years. I'm sure it'll be funny as hell.


I hope. Yeah. 18 years. It's the first time in 18 years that there's a new original screenplay that the brothers are getting back to together to do it. I can, I hope that all of the Wayne are in it. All of them. Yeah. Keenan, Damon, Kim, Sean, Marlin, all of them. Damon Williams Jr. Who I'm missing a bunch. Right? 50. There's a Whole, there's a whole lot's Missing. Like 50 of them. So right now, all of the de the only details that are released right now is that Marlon, Sean and Keenan Ivory. Waynes will be writing and directing within this, this new movie that is coming. But I did ask, 'cause I'm like, it didn't say in here whether they're gonna be Star, but of, of course You know they're going to be. But like, why wouldn't they put that in? Because that's the, that's the beauty of all of this stuff that they do, is that they're in it too.


All The family members have Gonna be in it. Yeah. I'm like, are they gonna be in it too? I I asked the source and they're like, well You know those. It is too early on. Those details. They can't say. But like, I'm a th we're gonna see that. And then also people too, were saying You know they gotta get Anna Affairs bag. They gotta get Regina Hall like the OG cast. So excited for that. I love to see that. The geniuses when it comes to that. I'm sure it's gonna be hilarious. Yes. It's gonna go crazy. Now in more celebrity news, people that are announcing things. Erin Lennox got online yesterday and she announced again that she wants nothing to do with her label. She says she is tired of Rari. Lennox is done with Dreamville Rari. What she's done with Dreamville. She's done with Interscope Rari Linux is pissed off. And actually like when you listen to her, I feel her take a listen.


I, I just wish I had a label that cared that would wanna protect me. I wish I had a label that wouldn't have me out here trying to explain why I need advertisement. Like, why I need advertisement for my record. You cannot expect an artist to be anything without advertisement. Like, you can't. You can't. Why am I begging for advertisement? Like, why am I paying for my own Google ads? Damn. Like, no, it's not okay. So I just wanna be released and it's just that simple. And I'm tired of being nice. And I was trying to do everything the right way. But now I'm Ari I wish you had a label.


That kid too. Ari's so talented. That new record she got called Smoke. Oh Man. Well, we don't know the ins and outs of her deal 'cause I've been on both sides of the label side. Pull smoke Up. Let's play Smoke. I haven't, I've been on the both sides of the, of the label on the artist side doing the album and then also on the, on the other side.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford And. I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Seba And I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist. It's efficacious. You're gonna get results and then you just go out and live your life Meaningful beauty, confidence is beautiful. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if You know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic one. I can, I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So Join me in the fun. Sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Fall is in the air and that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


Moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me, but after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities and liver blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Sometimes when there's budgets and, and you are over budget, there's nothing that they can't do. They don't allocate any more money until they start making some money back. I don't know if that is the situation. Maybe that's the reason why they didn't wanna pay for ads. Maybe the budget is tapped out. So that could be some of the reasons why. But I would love to hear more. I would too because I feel like she she Is dope. She's Dope. Absolutely. And I'm, I said her name wrong at the top of it. I said, Ari, alright, my bad. But I feel like also she's one of them artists that like, she don't ask for much. She really just do her art and get out the way. So I don't understand why she did. This is not the first time she's had to get online and publicly go against her label. I don't know why she keep keeps having to do this. She is a gem. I would take good care of her. How does she be over budget though? Ari ain't even put out a project in Don.


That's I'm she don't be doing nothing and every time she go Do, We don't know what, what they have to spend money on what they spend. I'm I'm saying we don't know. Like we would Well you would have to know those details to see why then they don't wanna spend money on ads. Also, I Know is who would put her onto a rod wave need to be fired. Let's start with them. Okay. I also say start there too. She talked about the fact that she doesn't wanna be the face of mental health. And, and, and when she was, what she was basically saying is You know. She's very open about like leaving social media and just different things. She says that when people come up to her now, they wanna talk to her as if like she has so much going on and, and something's wrong all the time. And she doesn't like it. She said that she had recently sat down for an interview and in the interview I guess they brought up the mental health stuff and how she's doing. And so she told her label, I don't want that interview to come out because this project is about me taking back the narrative and being happy.


And its goes against that. Mm. They still, the interview still came out. So she was pissed about that as well too. So, Oh, that's what happens when you choose to live life or loud, meaning when you vent on social media about your mental health issues or whatever struggles, people just assume something is always wrong. So yes, they probably do labor her. Yeah, that I felt bad 'cause I asked about that when they were here too. Like, how is she, and she said she doesn't like that, but You know. We'll just have to watch and see what happens. But I wish her the best because she is talented. Love her. She is shey butter baby. Don't play with her at all. Play Rari Lennox Smoke after this station id. Right? All right, well that is just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. Now Charlie, me Donkey today, who got, who was giving me donkey too, Man? Four after the hour, let's talk about people. People who, people who go harder for you. Okay. Or people who, yeah, people who go harder for you than you're willing to go for them.


We'll discuss. People go Hard for you, but you don't wanna go hard for people. I ain't talking about shut up man, Go hard. Is that, is that the, is go the word that you meant. He just like To be gay. I know Where you was going. Like To be gay. He wanted to interchange. Go with another three letter word. He Embarrasses Logan every day on this radio talk. That's why Logan, the man in the house. PlayStation id, right? The Breakfast. Club. Your mornings will never be the same Donkey because right now you want some real donkey. It's time for Donkey of the Day. So if you ever feel I need to be a donkey man, he be with the head rock. Did she get donkey in the day? Please tell me. Absolutely. I had become Donkey of the Day. The Breakfast. Club Bitches we're donkey.


Donkey. Today for Wednesday, October 30th, goes to an Alabama man named Arthur Ray Hansen the second. He's from Huntsville, Alabama, and he's been sentenced to two years in prison because of Donald Trump. You can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to Atlanta News first for the report, please. A federal grand Jury has indicted Arthur Ray Hansen, a 59-year-old from Huntsville, Alabama on charges of transmitting interstate threats of violence against Fulton County District Attorney Fannie Willis and Fulton County Sheriff Pat Labatt, all because of their connections to the racketeering case against former President Donald Trump. According to the US Attorney's office, Hansen called the Fulton County Government Customer Services line twice on August 6th and left two voicemails.


Prosecutors say in his message for the Sheriff Hansen said, in part, I'm warning you right now before you expletive up your life and get hurt real bad. Whether you got an expletive badge or not, ain't gonna help you. None. Prosecutors say in Hansen's message for the district attorney, he said, in part, I would be very afraid if I were you, because you can't be around people all the time that are going to protect you. There's gonna be moments when you're gonna be vulnerable, Play stupid games. You win stupid prizes. Let's go back there. Landing news first to see what he got for playing on Fannie Mae Willis phone Who threatened Fulton County District Attorney NY Willis'. Life is going to prison. A federal judge just sentenced Arthur Ray Hansen to 21 months in prison.


He left Willis threatening phone messages related to the Fulton County investigation into the allegations that former president Donald Trump interfered with Georgia's 2020 presidential election. Now, we talked to Willis after she learned about Hansen's sentence. I'm happy to see him take responsibility for his actions. Hansen also threatened Fulton County Sheriff Pat Labat, and he apologized to both of them prior to his sentencing. You know, I want to use this as a teachable moment for all Trump supporters. Donald ain't dying for you, bruh. I I, I don't know what makes you all want to crash out for him the way you do, the way you have. I guess that's what happens when you are a cult member.


Let's be clear, Maga is a cult. And Maga loves to say someone is suffering from Trump derangement syndrome. If they simply point out the obvious thing, obvious things Trump has done and the things he says he wants to do. But let's be clear, people like Arthur Ray Hansen are the ones who suffer from Trump derangement syndrome. Okay? Those people who stormed the cap, the capitol that I like to call vanilla isis, they the ones who suffer from Trump derangement syndrome. Some of y'all fight harder for Trump than you do for your damn self, okay? Trump has resources. You don't. All right? Think about this. Trump in 18, other people were indicted in Fulton County in August of 2023 over efforts to overturn the 2020 presidential election. That's what Arthur was calling about. Okay? They got a recorded phone call from Trump where Trump is asking Georgia's Secretary of State to find more than 11,000 ballots so he could flip the state in his favor.


He's on, he's recorded saying this. Listen, I just wanna find 11,780 votes, which is one more that we have because we won the state. I only need 11,000 votes. Tell us I need 11,000 votes. Gimme a break. There's nothing wrong with saying that You know that you've recalculated That got him indicted. And guess what? The case has been indefinitely paused. Okay? They are seeking to push it the 2025 if he can't beat the charges altogether. My point is, Arthur, you saw jail before Donald Trump did.


Okay? See what some of y'all Trump disciples don't understand is you don't have the privilege that Donald Trump has. Trump has something greater than white privilege. I never seen anything like it. Trump never has to deal with the consequences of his actions at all, but his supporters always have to deal with the consequences of his actions. What's funny about this case is when the FBI traced the call back, the Hansen cell phone, when the agents asked him about the calls, he initially denied making them and said he didn't even know who Fannie Mae Willis, or who Sheriff Pat Labatt was. Okay, lemme tell you something, Arthur, that only works for Trump, okay? Trump can say it and said he didn't say it. He can do it. Said he didn't do it. Okay? He could have a comedian perform at his rally, make a bunch of bigoted jokes towards various communities and deny he even knows who the comedian is and people will believe him.


Unfortunately, for you, Arthur, whatever level of privilege Trump has, it's not like Starbucks wifi because it cannot be shared. All right? You can't play dumb and act like you don't know what's going on. Only Trump can do that. Listen, the moral of the story is don't go harder for others than they do for you Trump supporters. Listen to me. Don't invest more effort or energy into a relationship or situation than the other person is willing to put in. I guess what I'm trying to say is, stop being Trump's bottom bitch. Please let Chelsea handler give Arthur Ray Hansen the biggest. He haw Hee-haw Hee-haw. That is way too much Dane mayonnaise. Alright, well thank you for that donkey of today.


Now let's talk wigs this morning. Why? It's not a good one in the room. What's the point? Ooh. Wednesday You know what? What time is it? I told you my curse words Start flow around seven. It's eight 11. All right, well I got this stretch. I'm ready to talk Wigs. All we, let's go. We would Talk. What wig you got on? Mm. What'd you think it was? I thought it was a hack. Alright. I thought it was a Scully. Well Get Get 'em off. It's cold. It's cold. Get get 'em all off. I'm outside them all off. Go ahead. Alright, well, earlier today we were talking about our co-hosts wig this morning and we were asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. When is the right time that you just take the fitted off and in front of your boo? In front of your boo?


That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. When is the right time? When have you done it? You always ask what? That's the second step. Well, What's the first step? It's the first step to that. You gotta find a boo. You gotta have a boo. I'm sorry. 11. Let's go to the, let's go to the phone. You one. Let's go to the phone. This, listen, I don't even know why you look to that side of the, this is Char Charlene with The edges. After this phone, I'm to The, it's me and you and 5, 5, 5 wig baby. Because it comes off And. I Can fight wig. They look like a weapon. When do you like it hurts Enough to take your wig off with your boo. That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I'm sorry for putting you out there like that. It's fine. 'cause I look good. I don't know what he Talking about.


No, you. You don't have a boo. He was saying I Don't. Not right now It is The. Breakfast. Club. Come Morning, The Breakfast Club. Steady calling my phone. Calling my phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. Now if you're just joining us, we open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're talking wigs this morning. This all started from Rosa.


You like to read. I got a couple books over here for you. You need to relax. I love to read. Yeah, I know you do You know that. Yep. And I'm gonna put 'em right in your face so you can read 'em. Why, why are you Well, This conversation started this morning. I Don know why we started talking about Lauren LA's Wig, but I Oh. 'cause I was in here curling it this morning when you came in. Oh yes. Yeah. And I had a, he would ask me, do I take it off? I had a Couple of questions I asked, do you take it off as like, one of the things you take off at night, like you put your wig on something and what do you put it on? Do you put it on your dress or is a hook or is it a You know a mannequin? Like what do you do? And then if you have You know your significant other or your boyfriend or whatever you are into that comes by the house, do you just have a line of wigs lined up and it's like, I picked three or four or five and how do you, and she was breaking it down for us this morning. So we were asking, when do you feel comfortable enough to take your wig off in front of your boo?


So when, when do you feel comfortable enough? I feel like it gotta be like a good year. A year. Yeah. Like for me. And even then I wouldn't take it off in front of him. It's like, I'm gonna go to the bathroom, take it off, put my scarf on, put the wig up. But I'm not like a, like I think the last time I wore a wig before, this was probably like a couple years ago. It was, it was a long time ago. During the Pandemic Pandemic. When the last time you were in a relationship. Jesus. Like a year ago. Okay. That's, that needs to be put. What You wanna read today. I'm saying rise above, Above the noise. The only reason I said that needs to be On you. I think Wallo with love Talk to you. Don. Don't throw around black books. Oh no. I'm gonna come around And. I'm Imma put it in your face. So, so a question right before you ask. So what, what, what about like, has your wig ever just fallen off?


Like maybe being intimate and just No. Like you ever had a fitted too big for you? You know how back in the day the rappers used to wear the fit is too big. Remember, especially in New York, the fitted used to be too big for them. Like The old heads who wear like the, the, the, what is it? The track suits that up. There you go. You still dress like that. That's right. I'm a order. So a source close. Go ahead. Yes. But has that ever happened to you? No, that's never happened to me off my waists be secured. Now I will say yesterday. Yesterday Exactly. I I was like, I saw that Moving. Lemme tell y'all, lemme tell y'all because yesterday, right? And I. Hold on, lemme take a minute to shout out my girl because they came from Delaware to make sure I was straight for Powerhouse with this unit Savvy Artistry. Atri Maya, who's miss my title on Instagram.


She's from Philly in Delaware. They drove up here to make, make sure I was straight for Powerhouse. 'cause after Northfolk my hair was done. But yesterday I had put you, you, you, you you laid a wig with like bowl spray and not glue, but like free spray. Okay. And I was like, then when I got here I'm like, I don't like the way it's sitting. So I was like, let me move it. And I could use some water to reactivate the product. The lay down, the girls that get it, get it. The product did not reactivate. I was in here yesterday all day. Like that's Why you so stiff. Yo. She went up under that head one time and she scratched and it did, it did a little, it did a little Millie Rock at first. Right. Really? And then she did it again and then it did a little swag. Then she did it just started calling Max on that gets Max Baby Baby is secure today.


Okay. Don't play with her. I've named her Fara and don't play with her. But yesterday Fara was, yeah, she was, she was having a time, was tested to see Secure Do that Beyonce dance. Remember the Beyonce dance? What? She whipped her head back and forth. Lemme see. Do that. I'm not doing That. Who got a Leafblower? Let's see. I want secure. Come over here. I hear Custodians. Y'all got at least blow. Let's go to the Oz. Custodian is off. Wow. Chantel. Good morning Chantel. Good morning. DJ Envy. Lauren and Charlamagne. I love You. Peace. We love you more. When do you take the wig off, mama? I'm gonna take the wig off anytime because I'm na I'm cool with my natural self. I first try to be ugly if you're not comfortable taking your wig off. No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm far from ugly.


I think it's just my, I the way that I was raised my mom, even when I just had my natural hair. My mom has a thing about, you don't even wear scars in front of guys in the house. So And, I, I do that with my man, but it's still, I don't know. It's, it's something I was like pushed in me. Hello. Who's this? This Jasmine calling from Savannah. Jasmine from Savannah. Peace. Jasmine. Now when do you take your wig off? Jasmine? Put Your wig. I took my wig off the first day. Jesus. Why you scared that man like that? You Showed the Meeks the first day. Yeah, I showed, I took my wig off the first day. It was my back. And I was drunk. I got dreads anyway. So You single. Oh you had dread under your wig? See me with no without it. Anyway. Lick. Wave.


Are you single mama? See what you do? Huh? Are you single? No, I'm married. Oh, Okay. All first day take off the wig. Okay. Thank you mama. Oh, so you got married after that? Hung up on her. She could have gave some games just now. She Said she got dreads under her wig though. That's different. What That mean? Like when she takes her wig off, she has a head full of dreads. Oh, oh, oh. It's another hairstyle under the wig. So She do different looks. She just want do different looks. Oh, okay. Yeah. Hello. Who's this? Hi, It's Tanisha from Virginia. Hey Tanisha. Tanisha from Virginia. When do you take your wig off Tanisha? Well It happened, well me and my boyfriend were doing it and he said my wig was in a way and he snatched it off. And ever since then I'm like okay, it's Good. Whoa. Wow. What was under there? I'm sorry, What was under there? Just call roses man.


I keep it. I keep it locked. Oh, okay. You haven't been to jail? No, I haven't Been to jail. No, not you, you man. Oh no he didn't. No, he hasn't been to jail. No. No. Okay. Okay. I trying to say, I ain't trying to say nothing. I'm just asking questions. Just trying to figure some things out before 805 8 5 1 0 5. When we're asking ladies, when do you take your wig off? When are you comfortable enough to take your wig off in front of your man? Let's discuss Mr. The. Breakfast. Club. Morning You. know my man You manifesting. Manifest. Manifest. Manifest. Lauren. Manifest. Manifest. Mr. The Breakfast. Club. Morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you just joining us, we're asking women if you have a wig. If you wear a wig. When do you feel comfortable enough to take the wig off? Now this conversation came from our co-host over here who had wig problems yesterday. All right, don't, don't don't. That's what you said. Don't throw tr and tribulations on my wig. You did though. Don't do her like that. I saw it because Amy you didn't even know until I just said that. I didn't know I saw it. I was looking. I called it out soon as I saw It happen to catch it. 'cause I went under the itch, the scratch. I was Scared. I thought it was earthquake going on here. I was like, why is her head, why is her head shaking Like that?


I did see you looking. He was like, I was Concerned. I didn't know what the hell was happening. I thought, I think he thought I was about to get on about here. He was looking like, So we're asking when Do you feel comfortable enough now? Lauren says how long Lauren? I feel like a year. A year. But even then he's still not gonna see me with no Meek Mill. Braids not. Okay. Alright. Well let's go to the phone line. We have Tammy on the line. Tammy, good morning. Good morning. Hey Tammy, how Are you guys doing? Blessed Black and Holly Fairwood. How are you? I'm super fantastic, especially because I am in the presence of the Charlemagne tha God. Hey, what's happening Queen? I don't know How much great that is, but All right, we'll rock with you. Before I say anything else, I wanna just say, Charlemagne, thank you so much for changing the perspective on our black men for advocating for mental health and for educating our children.


Oh, thank you very much. I appreciate that Queen. Now let's jump into the wigs. When Do you, okay, let's jump into the wigs. When do you take your wig off after dating your, your boo. Okay, so I am alopecia And. I am very selective on when I reveal my beautiful bald crown. Mm. But you could catch me in the summertime rocking my baldy in all of my essence. But when it's like a, a relationship prospect, you have to judge the character of the person. You gotta feel it Out first. I bet you that your, I bet you that there's been men who you've probably met when you were bald who don't even want you to wear the wig. 'cause you look so beautiful bald. That's How it be.


Absolutely. I've actually heard my bald head look before. Damn. Ain't nothing wrong with that. If you, if you listen, if you ask you can lick a bald head. What, How do you compare it? How do you compare Me the Truth? I think that was think think is a little bit more extreme. Not Really what, What You like uhm They don't worry about it. We, we og we know what we talking about. All right, well I Agree. I agree with you Charlamagne. Well I hope you find somebody to lick your bald head forever. Thank you guys. Thank you mama. Have a great one. Okay, You too. Take care. Have You ever kissed him on the bald head? Like I know y'all being here hugging from the back and all that.


You Ain't noticing me hugged that man from the back. You, you definitely seen a mommy from the back but you Ain't never seen that happen. Hell no. Poor a married man. How you gonna even put that in my face? You walk over there And I him. I from The back but I Don kiss him. I don't kiss him head. Y'all Be, I be your fingers do stuff like On. You ain't never seen none of that. I be lying. Just be lying. I Just wonder know. Hello? Who's this? Hello? This princess calling from the calling from Houston. Hey Princess. Good morning. How you feeling? Can you hear me? Yes, we can hear you. Can you hear us? Yes, I can hear you. So when, when you take off your wig, how long does it take before you take off your wig with your boo? To be honest, I feel like at any time it is appropriate for the simple fact if you're comfortable with yourself because at the end of the day he notice not your hair under there. And I'm pretty sure that he's curious to know what's under that anyways.


So you're gonna see the real me at any time. Okay. Thank you. Mama. Are you comfortable with yourself? Yeah. I feel like anytime is appropriate. Thank you Princess. Hello, who's this? Thank you. Good morning, this is Michelle. How are Y'all? Hey Michelle. Good morning. How you feeling? Less Black and Holly Fa how are you? I'm great. Ine great. You sound happy. I love to hear people sound happy. Don't you sound happy? Very pleasant. I mean I woke up this morning that You know That's right. So you take that wig off immediately. Sounds like I'm Gonna let You know right now I have Esia, so me, I have probably about 10 wigs up in the closet with on the heads And. I'm gonna let him know right off the gate. This is a wig.


And if you in my house, I ain't gonna sit around here wearing no scars. I look cute anyway. I have edges. Okay, And I got little spots in there but the edges ain't going nowhere.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what meaningful Beauty's all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn More@meaningfulbeauty.com.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you do the same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group Void or prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence. Violence shelters accepted pets meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal to together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Fall is in the air and that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus, what if your products had thousands of five star reviews where natural and affordable, well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-end skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two in incredible serums and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


Moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Okay. And while we gotta be the ones letting guys know we gotta take our wigs off. What y'all do about y'all hair? You absolutely right. 'cause nowadays the men ain't telling y'all that. That's Beijing in their hair. They ain't telling you that. They got them them them tagging on them toppers. Exactly. Yeah. The toppers. My my cousin is a beautician in Joie and she does the toppers for the guys. That's helpful. And And it looks good. It looks amazing. So remember how I was telling you like some girls get like laced fronts where it's like they put their hair on, they lay it and it's like glued down. Yep. Men be get in their hair with their hair cuts. So They do. They get it with their hair and it looks good. Some guys do look good. But like the other day I was at work, And I had to let the girl know that her lace glue was coming down a little bit.


Damn. You know. And that's that. And that's a real woman because yeah, I'm quick to do that. Other women are talking. Your face and your hair be showing they don't say nothing. Yep. I'm quick to do that And. I'm quick to let somebody know when like their edge control is like it gets You know gets old and it's whitening and flaky. You gotta let people know. 'cause sometimes you people not sitting there looking at themselves all day. But Charla may remember when you told me you was trying to grow your hair back to see if your hairline could work this time you could do a topper Lion la strike. You told me that Topper and then you got on. Aaron said, Lauren told me you don't grow my hair out. We have it. It's recorded Line LA You Literally told me that you could do a topper. I don't remember this. You bottom anyway. Right? Ain't that what you be saying? I'm A What you be saying. You don't. You be saying you bottom. What is line OSA talking about?


Power bottom. What is going on here? Power bottom with the topper. You could honestly create a whole movement out here. You got the mental health alliance and then power bottoms with The top. I'm gonna tell you something. Your wig will like ti I hat used to. Look. Look okay. It's crooked leaning to the side. Barely ha. It's hanging, barely hanging. Hanging by a thread off your head. First Of all today, Farrah ain't leaning nowhere. Baby Jump up and down. Jump up and down. What? Stop playing with me Toe here. Oh. Oh. I bet you stop. I bet you stop. I bet you stopped. My unit is On. Alright, we got just with the mess with Lord Issa coming up. What we talking about? We do. And six nine was taken into federal custody yesterday. So we gonna get into all of that. How he ended up in Brooklyn. Yeah. He is in MDC.


Brooklyn. Jesus Christ Ain't the same jail as Diddy. That's All you got out of it. I was talking about he he's he ratted on a lot of people from New York. That's what I was scared of. You scared of something? You Think he Oh he he know he in pc. We'll talk about it when we come back. All it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast, Club Boundaries. Yeah, Like Talking fight y'all. No, he was just before we was off the air when we t on Why? Why did he have to say that though? Exactly. I Told to people what you being here doing ain't Know me. Look. Spear fingers. Spear Fingers. Oh my goodness. Morning. Say spear fingers. Can you say that? I Hate this Place. It would be stinky fingers. Stinky fingers. Stinky fingers. Are y'all dressed up tomorrow for Halloween?


We should. Let's do it. I'm with it. Yes. Come on. You dressing up? Yeah. All right, down. Let's do it. Okay. All right. I gotta go get a costume now. Don't come in here like Batman, like nothing corny. Like we did That already. You dress like a black man now you white Dominican. She said Batman. Not no shit. Oh, shut up. Let's get to Mess is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't, nobody worldwide, just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me.


Yeah man. So Akashi six nine. I don't even know the last time I've actually, as a news reporter, had news worthy enough to talk about with him. And I. It's sad that this is the news that it is, but Takashi six nine was taken into federal custody yesterday in New York. He was taken into custody because he violated his supervised release when he decided to travel to Vegas without pre-approval. He also tested positive once in custody. He tested positive for meth, which Takashi said, he's saying it's add Adderall. They're saying it's meth. I don't know the concoction of the Adderall drug. So I don't know if you would test positive if you're on Adderall for meth. I listen, I don't know. But he was arraigned yesterday in New York and they sent his next hearing for November 12th.


Now you guys remember back in 2020 whole all the Rico and like all that stuff was happening. He avoided 47 years in prison by cooperating with the Fed. He snitched. And now he's back in federal Custody in jail in Brooklyn with all the, the, the same borough where he snitched at. Yeah. Are they crazy? Yeah. There's no way they putting him in general population though. Come on y'all. You think so? Yeah. Well even if not, you don't think he can be touched? I don't know. I don't know. But his, he's Like, that's crazy. He'd be a snack in there. Oh, with all the colorful hair. Is that what I'm just, I meant to rainbow. Shouldn't said food, but he Like, I Don know why when You said snack, I started thinking like Skittles, The rainbow, Eminem. The Judges didn't see none of that. Okay, so let's back up.


So his attorney, Lance Rio, told TMZ and a few other outlets that Takashi was actually notified two weeks ago that he violated the terms of his probation and he was ordered to appear before a federal judge in New York. Yesterday. He was a hour late to the hearing and the judge dispatched US marshals to find him. Dang Akashi then arrived on his own and surrendered voluntarily. There were three violations according to the government, him performing in Vegas, Nevada without permission from his probation department. Him failing the drug test and testing positive for meth. Meth as I mentioned. And also he failed to take a drug test at some other time. Now his attorney saying that methane could be a false positive And I will addressing his location. So yes, he is here in New York.


And the defense was basically like in court. They were having a conversation about where the, the fact that he's here in New York because this is where all the trouble was happening for him before. And the judge was like, I don't, I mean I don't care much. Not that the judge said they didn't care, but the judge is just like when, when he, when they're asking can he not go to a certain jail or You know basically that there's special conditions he needs to be placed in jail under Yes. The judge is like, why? And when the judge said why, I'm like, man, it's been so long since ASHA's case and that being the center of news, it really hasn't. But the judge Was 2018 when that, when he testified, The judge said why? And so when the judge said why they're like, well there's special things that we need to talk to you about. Can we talk about it in confidence? So then they spoke, they came back and the judge was like, listen, he needs to be detained.


And I think there that You know based on them having to go send people to find him. They're worried that if they let him out and don't detain him until his court date, something could happen. But he Go, listen, but think about this. He had five, he had five years probation. He did four and a half years. So he had six months left. Right? Yes. Now he, he might've You know didn't do what he was supposed to do under his probation terms, but they're gonna put him back into jail where he snitched on all those people. The law is the law. He should have thought about that before he was out there violating the terms of his Probation. Yeah, yeah. So, so it's Really not that difficult. What the prosecution was saying is like, number one, he's a threat to himself because as you see, he's failing drug tests. And then also they mentioned the, the fact that he's not showing up for certain things. Like he's just doing whatever he wants to do.


Jesus Christ. And we have a, he actually spoke to outlet. He spoke to TMZ. What was that like last week? Two weeks ago? The eighth, October 8th, two weeks ago about like this new deal that he had. I didn't even know he was still making music, but he spoke to them about it and he was talking about him saying, squeaky clean outta trouble. Let sick of listen. Like if You know six nine You know that like I'm squeaky clean. Like I don't, like I stay outta trouble. It just trouble seems his way to find me all the time. Right. And what and what his team was trying to claim in court was You know he, number one, his security has to be set a certain way. He pays for his own security. He's never taken the government security.


But also they were saying that the reason why, 'cause they, they're trying to fight back against the heeds danger to himself because of the drugs that he tested positive for his team was like, no, he's not a danger to himself. He was prescribed drugs for, he was prescribed Adderall for a medical condition. So I don't listen. Jesus. Yeah, Well yeah. That's crazy though, right? I can't believe you beat all that time doing all that that you did and now you back in front of a judge For drugs in the system. Allegedly And I guess not telling him that he was supposed to perform. He he was performing in the show in Vegas. Yeah. I mean he's supposed to You know he's supposed to abide by the rules and and abide by the laws. But The law is the law. Put him back in there.


Oh, oh my gosh. Nobody Put him back in there. He earned that spot. Yeah. And he did apologize in court. He said, I wanna apologize for a robbing late this morning. He talked about he did. The fact that he doesn't live in New York, he lives in Florida. He woke up late, he's been on probation for a while, since his release and he's been able to obtain it since 2020. And then the judge said, move away from the microphone. I'd like you to understand that. Well, yeah, But soon the best of luck I guess thing. Alright. All right. That's all you got? Yep. That's all I got. All right. Well that was, Dang we was talking about the braids under the wig and now nevermind. Rev, The Wig hurt. No, I'm just thinking about the fact that like he about to be in there with a lot of people with the braid. With the Meeks like the braids to the back. Like he's really about to be locked up At this point.


Lauren, just worry about yourself. You Know what I'm sitting here with. You. Just worry about your braids. Alright, Well that was just, Just power bottom topper with the best. I ain't never letting that go. God Dang. Top burst. Can you beat I'm power bottom topper. God Dang it. Whoa. What sounds so fly when you said it, say it again. That is just what the best with more on osa. All Right. You want the Booy fade? What you want When we come back, we got the People's choice m get your request in right now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. So we got a salute to Gary Owen for joining us this morning. Gary, make sure you check out his special.


I started to say Netflix, but he don't have a Netflix special. Check out his YouTube special Broken family available on YouTube right now. All right, when we come back, we got the positive note. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Long Rosa filling in for Jess Game of five, right Game four, five, no game four, no game five. Tonight game Game five tonight. New York, Yankees, Dodgers at Yankee Stadium. Let's go Yankees, one game at a time. Let's just win today. One game at a time. Salute to the Yankees. Man, y'all, y'all were hitting last night. We need, we need them the bats to light up like y'all did last night. God Damn. Pause, pause, pause, pause, pause.


Jesus Christ. My God. What was that? Wait, what happened? I missed it. What called that Murphy? Yeah. Well Envy just struck out in the bottom of the knife. Okay, that's what happened. My God. Yikes. Yuck. All right, well you see how they, they took the ball. Yeah, they wrestled it away from him. They took it right outta Mookie bet's glove, which was crazy. But anyway, you guys, good luck to the Yankees tonight. Now Shalam, you got a positive note? A positive note is simply this man. Don't let someone who did you wrong make you think there's something wrong with you. Don't devalue yourself because they didn't value You. know your worth even if they don't have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. You don't finish or y'all done?


What's up? It's me. Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


It's here is Ryan Crest here. People always say it's good to unwind, but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make it easier done than said, or at least the same jump. A casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now. Collect your free welcome bonus@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long, Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.


Need to shake up. Mealtime Gorton Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying and convenient crunch. This side of the freezer aisle bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or mix up any main course from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer, battered filets, and classic fish sticks when it comes to easy prep Restaurant quality flavor without the hefty price tag. Nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more.


When it comes to travel bags and backpacks, colorful and unique options are hard to come by. Luckily Baboon to the moon has you covered. Baboon to the moon's bags are made for going places near and far and for making you the brightest star at baggage claim made. With super durable materials in the limited lifetime warranty, your baboon to the moon bag will join you. For all of life's missed trains, unexpected rain showers, love at first sights and compliments, check them out at baboon to the moon.com. Now get lost and make The World more colorful.