
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime, or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about the light Up your weekend from the Brilliant Mind of the Icon living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes. You heard me right. Scissor is gonna be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of Ives. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters tomorrow. Rate it off. Get your tickets. Now


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed. At t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners' manual for important safety information.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious is out. Sick, but Laura Laro said, what up, Laura? Good Morning, y'all. Charlamagne the guy. Peace to the planet. It is Thursday. Good Morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here to serve. Happy to be here for another day to serve our beautiful listeners, man. What's happening? Absolutely, positively. I feel amazing. What's up, Lauren? You went out last night, huh? I did. I went and saw Dave Chappelle and Donelle Rollins at Radio City Music Hall. What Night Don't you go out, Lauren. First of all, I don't go out every Single night. That's what Im gonna do. One day I'm gonna say, you didn't go out last night, Lauren. First of all, that'll be news. Working here and getting up this early in the morning.


You can't go out every single night. Okay. I might do like you try try. I do. I do. You try And I be struggling the Next day. Well, you're opposed to though. You you what? 32? Yes. 33. 33. Yeah. We was, we was mixy out in the street all the time when we was that age. Very mixy. That was my first time at Radio City Music Hall. First time seeing Dave Chappelle in person. What you think? Oh my God. Like I, he, He's he kills it every time. What so natural? Got a new set. Nothing. Not seen where she Didn't see the old set. Yeah. Right. Emini here. I've seen all his like specials and stuff. Got it. Was nothing I seen him do before. It was really, really good. Did He jokes? Am I supposed to tell y'all? That is You don't tell a joke. Yeah. Yeah. Also too, I will say Donelle did I, I seen him at like smaller venues. It's my first time seeing him in like a kind of like a larger venue.


Yeah. Funny as hell. Oh my God. He kills it. It's like he take it up a notch because there's more people. He also had new Diddy jokes. You're in his jokes too. Oh God. He brings the photo. And it was a whole thing. I should have went last night. Oh my God. It was, it was a lot of people. But I didn't know about it. Like Darnell. They he mentioned it. He mentioned it. I know, but it was last minute. I'm not listen, 46 old. Oh, I think it was a popup situation. Exactly. Because He's probably working out stuff for sn l or something. Guess what? I'm old. I don't pop out no more. I don I don't have to pop out and show nobody. I'm grown. Got gotta stretch before he go. Exactly. Speaking up. Top Dog was there. It was a lot. Yeah. It was a lot of people there. Yes. Like it was, yeah. It was a, it was lit. Yeah. I can't do that. Like, you can't tell me, you know, the day of especially a few hours and not a few hours.


But you can't tell me day of I got four kids. I understand. It's a whole thing. Emini here. I can't do it. Kids have Understand. I got kids. They, they expect me to help with this. And I, I gotta make plans. My wife gotta get ready. I gotta stretch. I gotta have a fresh sha you know, I can't get caught out here with the headline receding. You fool. Right. Anything can happen. Rocco. See, Rocco Rocco mugshot should be a warning to us all. Take your hat off. I'm good today. You check yesterday. Suit to my barber tie. I got a shave a couple days ago. Well, I last minute got it together. 'cause the day Chappelle, I was just excited to see him. Dope. Dope. Get It. It dope. All right. Well, today on this show is gonna be a, a man very legendary show for us. Wendy Williams will be joining us this morning. Very special show.


I want to tell y'all something though. You know, Wendy Williams is joining us this morning. She's, she, she, she's calling in And I don't want people to think that, you know, she's calling in and, and and, and she's in a good situation. 'cause she's not, She's calling in 'cause she has to. She can't, she can't come up here. Yes. A lot of people think she's calling in to do Wendy that you see on tv. No, And I think y'all going to definitely get a different side of Wendy Williams. Yes. As I said last night on social media, you know, she, conservative, conservatorships and guardianships should exist to empower and protect and support individuals. Not, not to confine them in invisible prisons. And Wendy is definitely in an invisible prison right now. Yeah. And she wants to tell y'all all about it. Yeah.


You know, Wendy has always been very transparent, you know, with her audience and, you know, she, it takes a lot for somebody like Wendy Williams to even tell us about her predicament, but also that she needs assistance. Right, right. And if you know Wendy, you know, she's independent. She does what she wants absolutely to do when she wants to do it and how she wants to do it. So. Absolutely. If if she can't, that's a problem. Especially when she is akay. And you'll hear from that a little later. Yo, yo, you'll hear all of, all of the, you'll hear Yeah. The rumors you've been hearing about her co being cognitive declined and incapacitated. I told y'all a couple weeks ago, not when I speak to her, but we'll see. Correct. You'll, you'll see this morning. Seven o'clock. I'm excited for you guys to hear. All right. All right, well let's get in some front page. Oh, And her niece Alex finna will be joining her as well. Yes. Alex Finney.


Alex finna is a news anchor in Miami on Local 10 News. Yes. And Alex Finney has her, is together, she knows what's going on. Absolutely. And to the, to the t. So yeah, we'll talk to both of them in a little bit. All right. But we got front page news. Morgan will be joining us, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Envy. Charlamagne and Lauren. It's Morgan. No, it's just Thursday. But you know, good morning. Let's get into it though. The 46th president of these United States, y'all, he's down to his last days in office. And in case you missed it, he addressed the nation last night in a televised farewell speech from the Oval Office.


Now Biden warned of an oligarchy that is taking shape on America and further spoke about disinformation and misinformation on social media. Let's hear those, those comments from President Biden Today. An oligarch is taking shape in America of extreme wealth, power, and influence that literally threatens our entire democracy, our basic rights and freedoms and a fair shot for everyone to get ahead. Americans are being buried under an avalanche of misinformation and disinformation. The free press is crumbling, editors are disappearing. Social media is giving up on fact. Checking the truth is smothered by lies toll for power and for profit.


Any thoughts on that? Yeah, I think it's highly hypocritical for any elected official in America to talk about oligarchy when all of them have been puppets for these pacs and, you know, corporate donations for years. You know, that's something that you, you hear Bernie Sanders talking about and John Fetterman talking about how you gotta take all of this corporate money outta politics. You know, they're just, Elon Musk is just the person that's out there. You know, when Earner Legi was up here, I was liking Elon Musk to Diddy, which sounds crazy now, but what I'm talking about is the fact that he likes to be all up in the videos, all on the records. He's always tweeting. He's the face right of it right now. But this has been going on for years, For a long time, Years. What time did Biden speak last night? I didn't even know.


I, I didn't even know he was on And I watched it. It was on for a minute, like eight o'clock. It was late, late for him. Oh, Okay. So he also expressed concern around AI sayings is it's the most consequential technology of our time. He said unless safeguards are in place, AI could spawn new threats to citizens and how we protect our nation. He said in the age of ai, it's more important than ever that we must govern as Americans and lead, you know, lead in terms of what's going on with ai. In his farewell speech, his farewell speech came hours after a ceasefire deal between Israel and Hamas was announced that we'll see the release of American hostages. He spoke shortly after Qatar announced the deal. Let's hear Biden's comments on the ceasefire deal As a long last, I can announce the ceasefire.


A hostage deal has been reached between Israel and amass. More than 15 months of conflict began with Hezbollah's brutal massacre on October the seventh. More than 15 months of terror for the hostages their families, the Israeli people. More than 15 months of suffering, Israel will negotiate the necessary arrangements to get phase two, which is a permanent end of the war. Lemme say it again. A permanent end of the war. Well, we certainly hope that is the case now. Biden said the elements of the deal are the same as what he laid out last May. He added the agreement. We'll see, we'll provide humanitarian assistance to Gaza.


Meanwhile checking in with New York Senator Senate majority leader Chuck Schumer. He spoke about the ceasefire deal on the Senate floor yesterday. And here's what he had to say. A ceasefire will reduce violence in Gaza and harm to innocent civilians. It couldn't have happened without steadfast diplomacy and until the potency of Hamas was radically reduced. Of course. Any thoughts? Yeah, Emini here. Happy for the ceasefire. But you know, if he, if he, if he could've got that done a few months ago, definitely would've helped him in the election. Yeah, I agree. Well, speaking of the election, of course, president elect Trump is taking credit for the ceasefire deal. He says his election day win is, it was key in the Israel Hamas ceasefire deal struck.


He wrote on truth social yesterday. This epic ceasefire agreement could have only happened as a result of our historic victory in November. Trump said his win signaled to the entire world that my administration would seek peace and negotiate deals to ensure the safety of all Americans and our allies. The president-elect said he is he and his incoming national security team, which includes special envoy for the Middle East. Steve Whitcoff will continue to work with Israel. So we will talk more about that at the seven o'clock hour about, we're breaking it down as to what happened on both sides, on the Hama side and the Israel side. And we'll further speak about what else is going on out west with the California fires.


I will say you get more accomplished when you stop worrying about who gets the credit for it. You know what, Emini here, it's just good that there's a ceasefire period. I was watching, you know, CNN last night and that was the debate. You know, the debate was, well, who should get the credit for to ceasefire? Yeah. If Biden isn't Trump, the fact that people are even debating who gets the credit is a win for Trump. To me it is whack, but it's definitely a win for Trump because I was just reading some articles from Israel yesterday and they, they seem to be giving the credit to Trump and you know, Trump did say if a deal isn't done before I get in office, all hell's gonna break loose All hell And the deal got done. Done. That's right. So to the eyes of the people, it's like, oh, okay, altogether. Now all, is that a semi check situation? Seems like it. Yeah.


Yeah. As far as far as the pol the political optics. Yeah. Alright, We'll see you next hour Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines a wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And also next hour Wendy Williams will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, char, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now here and tell you what it's, we live. Hello? Who's this? This is JV from Jersey City JV from Jersey City.


What up? Get it off your chest, brother. What's up man? I wanna talk about the IR arrest, man. Okay. What? Hey, hey, hey, hey. Be respectful. I'm definitely gonna be respectful. Okay? You, you, you okay? You ready? Yep. Okay. So what happened was, I was working for a company in towing dirty city. Right? And what happened? Towing stopped taking my taxes from me. They started pocketing my money every week for five years. So when I went to the I-R-S-I-R-S told me that I owe them 28,000. Dang. And I said, And I said, And I said, why, why do I owe $28? They said, because you wasn't paying your taxes.


So I said how they turned the scream around and they said, you ain't paid since 2020. What you want us to say, sir? I don't know what you want us to tell you. Yeah, if the company, you ain't pay people they money. If the Company was was doing that, you should, you should, you should look at suing the company. 'cause if they would, if they took the taxes still out your check and they kept it and didn't give it to the IRS and you could prove that, that that's not, that's not your problem. That that's not their problem. Well, there's always two sides to a story. That's, and, and when it comes to the IRS, I tend to believe their side, but I RSS is gonna their money. Well, guess what? They don't care who gonna Give it to them. Guess what? I, I've been working for that company since 2012 And I tell you every last piece stuff from 2012 And I did show that. And guess what happened? What? Nothing.


They said, okay, we, we even, you don't owe us. And, and that's it. And so what I did was, that's something I went to a lawyer And I got a lawyer on him to try to get my money back. And at the end of the day, you gotta wait. So you don't owe the, you don't owe, you don't owe the IRS anymore? No, I don't owe no more, but they 30 because if I was Wesley Snipes, you know what I'm saying, they'd have locked me up. No, it's totally two different situations to my knowledge. I don't think Wesley Snipes wanted to pay them and was going to pay them. Your situation is your business was paying the IRS and just stopped paying the IRS and they was still taking that money out. Your check. It's totally two different things. Definitely was. Well guess. Well guess what, what I'm gonna get mine and I'm gonna take guys something too.


If you come to Jersey City and you park in shop right. Or wherever you park at for like two seconds, they gonna take your car. And guess what? They hiring people from off the street that pick your car up, break their accident, all that. So don't, don't, don't, you know, don't leave the car outside. They, they, they hiring fresh rookie off the street. All right brother. Have a good day, bro. Yes sir. Yes sir. Hey man, respect to you man. Because you know I'm bald just like you. You know what, Emini here. That Right. How often, how often do you cut? How often do you cut your head? Are they Bounding? I try, I try. No, no, no. I do like twice a week. I, I do at the top of the week and then at the, at the end of the week. Oh yeah. Because you know, once that head start throwing in all those squat come in it's Square man.


Because, because you know my, you know what I always be thinking about? I'd be like damn yo, you know what, if I get locked up for something silly, you know, you know just anything like driving, even though my license and everything is good, but just, I just be thinking that. And then that mugshot come out and they see you without a haircut. He let Rocco. Oh my god, Yo did you OG Bobby Johnson for whatever. Lord have mercy. Get it off your chest. It's connected. That's right. Right Bros over there. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 hit us up. Now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is best.


Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello? Who's this? Oh hey, my name's Kayla. Good morning Jess. Happy Tyler. Good morning. Justin And I here this morning. Lauren. Lauren here though this morning. Oh, okay. Hey Lauren. Hey girl. Hey. So I was calling, I went and got my test And I want my future ex-husband to stop tripping. Like I just wanna have a good week, a easy divorce to be on my way. What is wrong with you Ex-husband? Why you wanting be your ex-husband already? You ain't even met him yet. Well maybe they going through the divorce now. Yeah, we was going through divorce now. Oh, I thought you was like his Husband. Oh, I thought you was being optimistic and pessimistic at the same time, but okay. Why do you want to get a divorce At this point?


Yeah. Why? Because he crazy. He popped up at my job one time and was acting real crazy. But thankfully my boss, no he crazy. But yeah, like he just like, every time like okay, basically I went from a big back to a little back and so now He Just be tripping. Yeah. He know how to handle it. No, it sound like you might be the one tripping. Okay. Because he loves you when you was a big back. Nah, he, he loves you when you was a big back. Now you got a little back. You acting brand new. Nah, ain't acting brand new. He just crazy. He act like he never had a little back for her. He didn't? How much did you weigh? I was like 300 pounds. Oh my. You're Supposed to be with that man for the rest of your life. Yeah. You can't leave that man. Seems like you Changed on him how much you wanna have?


She did change on him. She lost two people. How much you 1 95. Wow. And and you still wanna lose some more I'm sure. What School? Yeah, like 15 more, like 15 more pounds. That's It. Depending on how she like Her height, he probably, yeah, I don't know man. I don I'm like, I'm five, I'm five three so I'm like You 5 3 1 95. Yes. Yeah, you about a 72 inch flat screen. Let me see how many, what's your think? Nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm like a, I'm like a, at least a Audi Girl. Don't push that divorce until you get what done to your weight where you wanna be. Because Emini here. You, you said you're like a what? Oh no, I said I'm like, I'm like a Audi Q through like a BMW black man Rice. I know, I can see that. Yeah. Yeah. I can see you. Yeah, I can see you shaped like a little Audi saying. Did you, You do the surgery for the, the flabby arms and flabby legs and all That?


No, I didn't get all that 'cause I was working out the whole time and like drinking protein shakes. So all my skin was like, got like tight. I'm only 30. So you telling me that this person, your man is just upset because you lost weight? Well I think it that and then too, I used to let him run over me a little bit whenever I was like a little bigger because I think I was more so insecure and it's like now I have more confidence. Oh. And he just got Worse. So he reminds you that you used to be fat. Remember who was with you when you was fat? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Literally Don again. He was like, he was like, oh, that's why you used to be fat. And I was like, that's why you a baldhead. Like God damn my boy Getting shot at so much this morning for all the baldheads. Well mom, congratulations for losing all that weight. Thank you.


Thank you. I appreciate it. That's A new man. That's what that is Not Outside now. Ain't got No new man. God is my new man. Nah, God is my new man. It's crazy. You Outside though. Don't lie. You be outside Emini here at the church pin though. But that's it. I got one more thing. Does he say to you, has he said to you yet? Can't wait till you get fat again. Don't worry, you won, gain all that weight back. Has he said he said anything like that to Nah, he, He ain't say nothing like that. Okay. So did the the relationship is still repairable then because once he come on, once he wishes that fat, when he wishes that fat back on you, it's over. Okay. Thank you mama. Ooh, Fat bag. No problem. I appreciate you. Have a good Day. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Reminding you guys next hour Wendy Williams will be joining us but we got just with the mess coming up.


What we talking about Lauren? We Do remember we told the people that Drake was gonna file a lawsuit after withdrawing that position. Yeah, he did. And it is a defamation lawsuit and we are gonna get into all the details of it 'cause he's claiming some things against Universal music. Okay. All right, we'll get into that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. I'm Danny Tre, won't you join me at the fire and dare enter Nour Tales from the Shadows presented by iHeart and Sonoro, an anthology of modern day horror stories inspired by the legends of Latin America. From gasoline encounters with shapeshifters to bone chilling brushes with supernatural creatures I know. Take a trip and experience the horrors that have haunted Latin America since the beginning of time. Listen to No Tales From the Shadows as part of Michael Dura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa filling in for Jess and let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare nobody Worldwide, worldwide mess On The Breakfast Club. She's a Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. Okay, And I got the mess. Talk to me. All righty y'all. So the Drake lawsuit filing happened in New York. Drake filed a lawsuit for Defamation against Universal Music Group. It's a 20 page filing.


So I can't get to everything, but I'm gonna hit the important points here. So in this 20 page filing, it opens with a quote from Lucian Grange, who was the CEO of Universal Music Group. The quote is a single lie can destroy a reputation of integrity. And while it takes years to build reputation, it can be ruined in five minutes. And the reason why they start with that as the foundation of this lawsuit is because Drake for all 20 pages is listing out every single like harmful thing that has happened to him since not like us has dropped harmful. That's how he names It. Oh my God, Since not like us has dropped. Including, you know, like actual physical violence that he could have incurred and financial harm.


So they get into the first couple pages. Now a couple things that we learned in this lawsuit within the first like five pages that we didn't know, remember when the shooting happened at Drake's home back in May? Yes. Yep. May of 2024. Drake people have been trying to figure out since then was Drake home. Drake was in the house according to this document. And he says that not only did the bullet strike the security guard, remember the security guard got hit, had to go to the hospital, all that. But one came through his front door basically saying like, we were all in this house. EI could have been hit. And all of this happened a few days after the song released. He's blaming everything on the song. That's very whack by the way. And I'll tell you why. Because Drake wasn't just, you know, going back and forth with Kendrick. He was going back and forth with multiple artists and didn't the weekends manager get shot? And yeah, something happened with in California and everybody and then a few weeks later, the Secur the shooting happened at the security, the security guard with Drake and they had an issue.


So why are you just pointing at Kendrick and saying, not like us? Cause this, I'll get to it. So, so he details the fact that not only was he home, but he had to endure what the security guard went through. He wasn't phy he wasn't physically shot, but it was, you know, it there was like a, a mental distress almost, or like a, a stress on him because he was a part of the people that they were trying to stop the bleeding on the guard. The ambulance took 30 minutes to get there. So it was a very tragic situation that he had to endure. And he sang that they, they point this to the song because of the, the, the art on not like us. So they're saying that because, oh, the cover art. Yeah. Like, you know what Emini here, because this cover was there. I have a picture of this house streamers used it. He mentioned Kai Sinat and, and how Kai Sinat has like all these millions of views using that art, it exposed where he lives.


And then, you know, he's, there's been harm because of that. Everybody Know about that big ass house in Toronto. Now listen, I will say this too in the document, Drake team claims that before the, they don't know if it was one or multiple shooters, but before shots let off, they heard a person yell. Can I say that word? No. Okay. They heard a person yell F Drake, and then the shots went off. So they're saying that this was targeted at him and they believe it was because of the song and they had the location because of that home. It couldn't have nothing to do with other beef that he had going on with other people. I'm just telling you what this document says. Come on, just side note. You can never say the F word on radio, but can believe, I thought you was talking about the gay sl. I was like, whoa, No, why would I say that? I Don't know. I don why you, I don why you would think you could say that? That's let's it On back.


Let's bring it on back. Crazy Over here. Oh my God. And then he talked about, so remember the next day after the shooting, there was an intruder at his house. He said that basically because of how big the song got, which he says is, is All legend, is because of this whole campaign that universal music put out around it. Oh God, people were crazy enough to the point where someone came and dug a hole under his gate with their bare hands. They've been doing stuff like that. Remember when they did it? Noell Beckham was in his house in California. They been doing stuff like that. You Drake. All right. Now when he talk, he gets into the viral campaign that he's saying that Universal Music Group launched. And he says that because of this people, and not just rap fans think that he's actually a certified pedophile and they use the exact quote certified pedophile.


So they're using words from the actual song in this document a lot. Drake is also blaming universal music for Kendrick being at the Super Bowl. He's saying that not only did Kendrick and and they do say in this document that this is, stop Laughing, let's listen Because, because Kendrick isn't named on like he's Kendrick isn't being sued. Universal Music Group is, but the basis of it is the song. And he's saying that Universal Music Group, once the song was released, and you know what? Emini here, they got it moving, got it. Big through bots and third party streamers and all this stuff that they pay a lot of money for. They then leveraged their very powerful relationships to make sure that this song was everywhere in commercials on tv and that Kendrick secured the Super Bowl. It was a very popular song though. I'm just telling you what the lawsuit says. So You telling me biggest song of the year, one of the biggest songs ever.


So you're telling me nothing Kendrick Lamar has done in his career ever. Not the four classic albums, the pullers, the prize, none of that had anything to do with him being ready to perform at the Super Bowl this year. By the way, this is the second time doing it this first time. Headline it, second time doing the Super Bowl. Well, It's not directly about Kendrick, this is about, according to Drake, this is about Universal Music Group saying, saying that too. Well, it, I'm telling you what the lawsuit Says. Oh no, I'm with you. But he gotta stop saying It. It is instead completely about Universal Music Group and a company that Drake says, decided to publish, promote, exploit, and monetize a song which they knew contained false claims, right? So then they get into how, how they alleged that Universal Music Group manipulated the internet a little bit more. They said that Universal Music Group removed Copyright restrictions on YouTube and switch.


So that makes it easier for content creators, streamers, anybody to be able to go on and use the song. Because normally, but didn't they Do the same thing for him? Because normally we are gonna get into what Universal Music Group said in response to that. 'cause they kind of said similar things. So this thing, this is, this is crazy. They also mentioned the radio stuff member. He said that there was like radio people that were being paid to push the song. Now That I need to know about Drake, now you need to snitch stupid, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell. You think I know who it is And I don't want them here anyway. Now they also, We don't need people like this in this business. What's wrong with you? Continue. You wanna put a name on wax? What do you what Yes I do. Continue on. Ignore, ignore him. Ignore him please. Now they also mentioned euphoria. And they say that if, if Universal Music Group at all tried to deny that these claims was false, it was in the music, that this stuff was false.


Because in euphoria, Kendrick says, don't tell no lies about me. Won't tell no truths about you. So they're saying he was giving y'all the playbook of this is not true. And y'all still leaned in and allowed for this to happen knowing that this could hurt one of your big artists. Both physically hurt him because people were upset and, and accusing him of things, but also financially harm him. Now another thing that he talks about that I did not know, he says that there was like a mob like response to this, right? So people on the internet were upset, people were in person, were upset, there were flyers popping up around Canada with him next to this other guy who's been accused of like random sexual assault things as well. And it was just bad for, you know, locally where he was living to the point where he says that after the shooting and, and different things he had to move, he had to take his son outta school, put him in a different school and move his son and his son's mom out of Canada completely once the school year ended because he, he feared for their safety.


This Is stupid. This is so stupid. Now he also says that, remember there, there was a conversation that we had found out that Drake said that he tried to go to Universal Music Group and have a conversation before he went public with any pre-order pre-action things, orders, lawsuits, whatever. So they talk about this in the lawsuit and they say that he did, they said that he went to Lucian Grange and, and they, they point out the fact that Luc Lucian had also been accused or mentioned in conversation when all the Diddy stuff happened and they moved swiftly to shut that down and do what they needed to. But when it came to Drake and Drake being put in this, you know, pedophile light or whatever, he went to him and said, yo, why, why am I not getting any help on shutting this down?


And they were like, if you move forward and do a lawsuit, you're gonna look stupid it According to the dot. It it Does stupid. He said that that was response to him. Like, listen, these Are battle rappers, this is hip hop, this is rap, this is what every artist before you that that had that crown did. We could go through Tupac, he did the same thing. We could go through Pusha T, we could go through Jay-Z, we could go through Ice Cube, we can go through, of course Kendrick, we could go through Nas, we could go through 50 cent, Jay-Z, Cameron Pro, so many Prodigy, common Prodigy, 50 cent, Remy Ma, Nicki Minaj. Nobody Has ever Eazy-E Like nobody in the history of losing a rap battle has has reacted with more whole like antics than arb Grand. But it's a rap battle.


Like you win, you lose, you can't, you can't lose and then say I lost. And it's not fair what you said that's do you That's right. Do you, do you, do you go back and listen to some of these dis records and how disrespectful they were? Mm. Yeah. And listen, look, wrong, crazy. Nobody wants to be called a pedophile or sex offender. So in principle I understand that. Or Or have to move your son outta school. Absolutely. And all that stuff as well. Watch somebody get shy. That is absolutely something, you know, to sue for in principle. And I told you in on months ago he would do that. But in the context of a rap battle where both of you were saying crazy things about each other. No, No, but you, but you see, but also he had the option of saying, you know what, I'm not gonna do this. Like, when, when they did, he shouldn't, when he did like that, he could've just said, I'm not gonna join in.


But once you join in Kendrick and you start going in and he start going back, you can't say, well he came with a knife And I don't wanna fight no more. Kendrick warn you, Kendrick warned you on euphoria several times. Now Kendrick said this can go very, very far. If you wanted to, As we, as we, as we wrap this, there's a little bit more to it, but I just wanna say as we wrap this hour right here, the people are really upset not even about the stuff that you guys are saying, but they're mad that like he named like a Kai Sinat, right? And it's like, but you called him while he was on stream and told him stay on stream. But you, you mentioned him in this suit and it's like, you're, you're bringing, Well I did that because you're trying to show the numbers that are the people that are actually seeing yeah, what what's going on. But the sad thing about it is I'm a, I'm a Drake fan, right? I'm a hip hop fan, I'm a Kendrick fan. And then when you see things like that, it really bothers me because rapping is a game.


It's a sparring game. Y'all rap and you win some, you lose some. It's like if you are a Boxer fan and then you lose the boxing match, you can't be mad and say I'm gonna sue you 'cause you hit me so Hard. Boy, when Drake loses the support of the be, you know, it's so, it's Emini here. I've been watching him lose support in the culture, but now he's losing the beige. If Steph Curry turns his back on him, it a rap. No, It's like unhand too. It's just like, this is wintertime envy. So it's really personal. It's sugar Cookie in because, because I think he's acting like he ain't nice. He still get big. Like he the boy is nice. I just don't like, like this stuff. Like I'm gonna sue you because you said I'm this. Yeah you, you know how many times I could sue Charlamagne many things he said about me that weren't true. You serious? What I'm saying that is not true. You said I was gay. Now don't now if I start telling the truth about you, it's gonna be a problem.


Hey, Leave and be alone. He's going through a lot this morning. I'm you all right? Alright. What happened? What happened? Drake? And you gotta turn against your People. I'm gonna sue you next time you call me gay. And I never called you gay. Yes you did. Other people called you gay. You repeated me exactly because they told me you was gay. And I told I told you that they think you gay. I Think you have firsthand experience. No, you said, but that's another story. All right y'all, that's just with the mess for the first hour. I've got eyewitness experience. Lauren, I got you got something. I got eyewitnesses. See You lied. These Witness things, what you see, he didn't see you really want me to tell it? I'm gonna put it in a song. Tell the people I'm not gonna Just say it. You more liable if you Just say it. Okay? I'm gonna put it in a song. What you done seen and did you see it in the winter or the summer You met play not like us right now, right? Play not like us right Now we gotta go, we gotta wrap up. All right, Up next we got Front page news and then Wendy Williams will be joining us.


So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJNB, just hilarious. Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get in some front page news. What up Morgan? What up? What up? What's up is that there is a ceasefire deal that has been struck Emini here. We've been asking for it to happen and it has happened. Israel and Hamas are in agreement on a ceasefire in Gaza and a hostage deal. The news was announced by Qatar on Wednesday and State department spokesperson Matthew Miller said this is a very positive thing and he broke down what happened regarding the deal on both sides? Let's hear from Matthew Miller After the, the killing of Yayo, sinis, something that the United States very much supported, that delayed negotiations for weeks well over a month because Hamas was not in any position to make decisions on the Israeli side.


Over time, you've seen them meet their overall strategic objectives. And so once they had had killed Yaya, that really realized the last strategic objective they had. So of course this comes as the two sides have been fighting for 15 months in the Gaza Strip. After Hamas attacked Israel on October of 2023, the deal is set to go in effect on Sunday and includes Hamas releasing dozens of hostages in exchange for Palestinian pri prisoners. Now the delegation from the US Egypt and Qatar worked to secure the end of the fighting president-elect. Trump had reported or repeatedly warned that as we said earlier, all hell will break out if a deal wasn't reached before he took office.


And that is expected to happen on Monday, January the 20th. Now during a confirmation hearing for Secretary of State Florida, Senator Marco Rubio, who is vying for the job, spoke about the deal saying it is a positive thing. Let's hear from Marco Rubio Credit to both the Biden administration and the Trump transition work side by side on helping this become about, And I hope that comes about. Part of that, that deal, as I understand it, is it has this very tenuous but important six week transitional period where it's going to require international cooperation to bring some level of stability and administration. And as previously mentioned, Rubio is making his case to lead the State Department. The confirmation hearing for Trump's cabinet pick got underway yesterday morning.


Let's hear some of the sound from Marco Rubio's confirmation hearing yesterday as he buys for the job for Secretary of State. So while America too often prioritize the global order above our core national interests, other nations continue to act the way nations have always acted and always will in what they perceive to be their best interest. In our very own hemisphere, narco terrorists and dictators and despots take advantage of open borders to drive mass migration to traffic in women and children and to flood our communities with deadly fentanyl and violent criminals. Rubio said, placing America's interest above all else isn't isolationism, but the common sense realization that a for foreign policy centered on our national interest is not something out.


Some outdated relic. I agree, The Republican agree And I, And I love that Marco Rubio gave credit to, you know, both the Biden administration and you know, incoming president Donald Trump. It's a positive thing, you know, to see the ceasefire. And like I said, last hour, you get more accomplished when you stop worrying about who gets the credit for it. So I hope our elected officials, Democrats and Republicans remember that in the future, but they won't because that credit is what gets you votes. Well, the Republican Marco Rubio, I will, I think it is important to note that he will become the first Latino to serve as Secretary of State if confirmed. Now senators on both sides of the aisle, to your point, Charlamagne signaled their support for Rubio probably exactly for what you mentioned. And in California, governor Gavin Newsom is pleading for President elect Donald Trump to visit the he, the devastation, the aftermath of what's going on in several neighborhoods in Los Angeles.


Let's hear from Gavin Newsom's plea to president elect Donald Trump. And he posts this ironically on TikTok. I don't want him just to see the damage. I want him to meet with the community. And I also want him to understand the magnitude of, of what justice occurred and how heroic they were, how heroic police sheriff officers were, and the folks that were on the ground, how heroic their actions were and how they saved lives. Of course, Newsom also says the, like I mentioned before, the video was posted on TikTok and he wants Trump to visit the the area. And he also, of course, app praised the first responders. Now, Trump visited California in 2018 after the Deadly Campfire, which completed completely leveled the town of Paradise in northern California.


And he told Newsom he needs to sweep the forest floor at that point. So we'll see what happens in this new administration. Meanwhile, in California, containment efforts are ongoing. The Eaton fires is at a 45% containment with all 14,000 acres burned while the Palisades fire is at 19% containment with 23,000 acres burned. This remains 25 fatalities, I believe, and an estimated 17,000 structures lost. Now, Los Angeles County Fire Department officials say crews are using infrared technology to find isolated heat, heat sources on the perimeter of the Palisades fire. And the red flag warning has expired as of last night. Now, potentially strong Santa Anna winds are expected to return next week, which could bring critical fire and weather conditions into California again.


So again, we'll keep you guys posted as to what's going on out west, but right now, that's your front page news. What, Hey, real quick, remember when I said a few weeks ago that Gavin, when he was saying things like he wanted to Trump proof California, And I was like, yo, you know How he inviting him Out? I said that would backfire because what happens when you need the federal government for something and he needs it now you are going to need the president for something. So stop saying things and doing things that sound good. And you know, they go viral, but they aren't realistic. That's right. You're the governor of, of one of the biggest countries in the Emini here. One of the biggest states in the country. And the biggest, yeah, the state with the biggest economy in the country. When some, when the tragedy happens, you're going to need the federal government.


So like, you know, you say things like, I'm a Trump proof guy. Why you going Trump proof to the state? You gonna keep you, you wanna keep the president out? It makes no sense. It don't make no sense, but All right, but thank you Morgan. All right, thank you guys. That's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. Talk to y'all later. All righty, now when we come back, Wendy Williams will be joining us. We're gonna be kicking it with Wendy Williams. She's actually calling in because she can't leave where she's at right now. She calls it a a, a upscale person. She is trapped in a conservative ship. Y'all Upscales jail, what She called since as simple as that, she is trapped in a conservatorship.


She's trapped in the guardianship and she's calling in to tell us all about it. That's right. Don't go anywhere. We gonna talk to Wendy Williams when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club First. First of all, to start with my niece, Alex knows a lot as well, you know, but I am not cognitively impaired, you know what I'm saying? No, but I feel like I am in prison. You understand what I'm saying? I feel like, like, like, like I'm in New York City, right? And by the way, my apartment has been sold, thank God, you know, a while ago. But, but I, you know, I'm in this place where the people are in their nineties and their eighties and their seventies.


And even when people are 60 like me, Hey, I'm sexy and gorgeous. That's, you know, I'm six. Look, look, look, please. July 18th, 1964, honey. But look, these people, I don't care if they're 50 and 60, they have like, look, there's something wrong with these people here on this floor. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. And I'm not saying something bad. I'm just saying that I am with these people. I am clearly not. Look, I have breakfast, lunch, and dinner right here on the bed, right? I watch tv, I listen to radio, I look at the window, I talk on the phone. And by the way, Alex, talk about this phone, please. You, Alex, you've been, you've been right here where I am.


So you know exactly what you're talking about. You flew from Miami to New York and you were right here with me. Go ahead. Yeah. And you know, what she's saying is exactly what's happened. She's there in New York in this place, essentially like what to call a luxury prison, right? This is her room. That's literally her apartment. But the thing about this apartment, and you know this, not Wendy, 'cause you're there, it's small. Excuse me. She has a bed, a chair, a tv, a bathroom, and she's looking out one window, a building's across the street that's excuse wife, excuse me, Excuse me, excuse me. And, and excuse me through my money. You know, I had this person buy the tv, you know, the kind of tv I like a large tv.


You understand what I'm saying through this person? Because all of my stuff is in storage. You understand what I'm saying? Everything's in storage. And by the way, that was to sell my apartment. But anyway, is The, is is the person your guardian, is that who you're referring to? Your guardian? Yes. Yes. Well, you know, Sabrina Morrisey is her name. And right now a and e network. Well, a E network and Lifetime were sued by Sabrina. She claims they exploited you in a vulnerable state. They exploited your condition. And I'm putting code condition in air quotes. You, you signed to do that documentary without your consent, but a and e and Lifetime Countersued. And said that Sabrina realized the documentary would question the quality of her own guardianship. It actually says in the lawsuit, it appears that Morrisey is misusing her position as a guardian of Williams.


The silence criticism of her controversial and failed administration of the guardianship. They even used the words guardianship, abuse. What do you think of that? Well, first of all, you know me and the person that you were just talking about, this guardian person, we watched that four part thing on TV together. She was the one who wanted to do that. You understand what I'm saying? So I'm watching and writing things down and she's watching and writing things down. And I saw her, I saw all of that, by the way. And, and, and what do I think about being abused? Listen, look, this system is broken. You know that this system that I am in, you know, this system has falsified oof a lot.


You know what I'm Saying? They said, you're cognitively impaired and you're incapacitated. Do I seem that way? No. You've been calling, You've been calling me five times a day for the last two weeks. No, you don't seem that way. And just to be How Gary, how dare, excuse me. Who I naturally am is who I naturally am. You know what I'm saying? Right? And, and, and, and my niece knows all about that crap. Emini here. Oops, I'm sorry. I apologize. To be clear, you can't leave. Like they won't allow you to leave or have visitors, family members or not. No. So you can't even leave and take a walk if you wanted to or take a trip or visit family members. They give you a difficult time for that. And family members can't visit you Where I am. Okay? You have to get keys to unlock the door, to press the elevator, to go downstairs.


First of all, second of all these people here, everybody is like nursemaids, so to speak. You know what I'm saying? They come in and they give your pills. You know what I'm saying? And then they leave And I'm like, Which I told you not to take, okay? I told you don't take them pills. Excuse me. I've had two pills. All of my life, Alex, you know what I'm talking about? Yep. You Know what I'm saying? I know exactly what you're talking about. There are seven pills. I have no idea. What is this pill doing? What is it going to, listen, I haven't been to a pill person in a matter of long time, you know what I'm saying? And to the point where, excuse me, doctor, can you tell me what this pill is for?


Excuse me, doctor, what pill do you, you, you understand what I'm saying, right? Yes. Look, for the last three years, I have been caught up in the system. This has been three years. I'm caught up in this system. Alex, go talk, talk, talk, Alex talk. No Emini here for three years. This, this is the reality. This has been our lives. So, but specifically her life, she can call us. We can't call her. That's been the reality since 2023. Wow. Is that room that she's sitting in, that room that she's sitting in, she's there every day, all hours of the day, every week, every month. She's not getting proper sunlight. I went to New York in October to visit her, and the level of security and the level of questions that there were in terms of who am I?


Why am I here, what's the purpose? Emini here. It was absolutely just horrible. You know, Alex, we sent Lauren LaRosa, who works here on The Breakfast Club. You know, I connected her with Wendy a couple of days ago. Lauren went up there yesterday and tell him what happened. Lauren. Yeah. I, I was gonna ask you, Alex, was it like this for you? When I got there, the, the people at the front were very aware that Wendy was there. They had me sign in. Her name was in the system. They had to call Sabrina to, to even see if I could go up there, even though Wendy was on the phone with me when I arrived. And she let them know, Hey, this is my guest. I wanna see her. I'll even come down. Please have someone bring me down. Because as she said, she can't get in the elevator, nor leave her room without them unlocking things for her.


Wow. They were aware of that and everything was fine. And I was waiting. They called Sabrina a couple times and she didn't answer the phone when they called. And then all of a sudden things just like flipped these, like, men came out and they're like, well, who are you and what are you here for? I told them who I was. I told them I was there to see Wendy. They said, we, we don't have anyone here by that name. Oh, wow. They never said to me. So you believe that? No, I didn't make, did I not make it upstairs? They basically told me I had, like, I didn't even feel comfortable still being in the lobby the way that I was treated. Like it was insane, especially being as though Wendy was on the phone with me when I walked in and she spoke to the concierge herself and said, I want to see this person. She's here for me. And then these people are like, she's not even here.


What are you talking about? And I'm like, I dealt with your colleagues that had me sign in for her. She's in your system, so you're gonna tell me she's not here? Or did you speak to Sabrina as well? 'cause they said that was protocol. You have to call Sabrina first. We don't know Sabrina, and we don't know Wendy. She's not here. They said that to me multiple times. Wow. You know, You know the not, and It's scary. It's very scary. Did you feel like she was in a safe space? No. I feel like if, if you dealing with me like that, and she's on the phone with you telling you like, this is, you know what, Emini here, I wanna see her. This is my people. God forbid something happens to her and her family needs to get to her. Right. And I asked Wendy that after, as I was walking out, I'm like, yo, man, like I've dealt with my mom and my grandmother went through medical stuff and a bunch of stuff. Right? I can't imagine not being able to get to them. See My mother, right? And I said, is this how it is? Your family comes? And Wendy's like, yes. All right. We got more with Wendy Williams when we come back.


Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren The Roast is here with us this morning. We're still kicking it with Wendy Williams and her niece, Alex Charlamagne, You know, denying you visitation is illegal. Wendy, Alex, how did, how do you feel about that as her niece? Well, Here's the thing. When I went to visit her Aunt Wendy, you know this, I was able to get up there. It was not a problem. But here's the thing is that Serina, you know, wasn't communicative. And that's, her guardian wasn't communicative with me. It was almost as if she was waiting for the other shoe to drop so she could have a get you moment. When it comes with me, the family and how we move about things, Emini here for someone that was, you know, is so up in arms in terms of she can't be seen.


There was no security for her. There was, there was no, you know, layout in terms of a plan, how this is supposed to work. Emini here. Thank God, you know what, Emini here, I knew pretty what to do, you know? And the trip was fine, but this trip unfortunately, came off the heels of in July with my aunt's birthday, where I was supposed to go up there and spend her birthday with her, you know? And all of a sudden there was a lockdown on that. And not only was there on that, in terms of me visiting, but with you, aunt Wendy being able to do what you wanna do for your birthday. Go ahead. Yeah. No, for the last three years, I've spent my birthday by myself. You know what I'm saying? Mm. Which, which, you know what I'm saying? That's fine, that's fine. Just because I would rather spend birth by my, by myself than open the door and spend my birthday with these people on this floor.


I like, like, look, this is what is called emotional abuse. You know what I'm saying? No. And I would call it guardianship abuse as well. And you know, you, you talked about it a little bit when you saw the documentary, what did you think when you saw the documentary? Because that's what that got everybody, at least the, the general public concern. What, what, what'd you think of that? You know what, what I thought about that Was that something that, well, first of all, I don't wanna see, I don't wanna watch that again until I get to Miami. Until I get, you know, my life. Look, I don't care about watching that. You know what I care about? I care about, look, I don't want to talk about that.


Just understand. I get, I get it, I get it. But I do wanna ask Alex, you as well. So who, because Wendy Can't, I do wanna say Wendy can't say a lot legally. Yeah, correct. Just so, so Don don't think that, you know, when you hear her, I don't think she's jumping around and she don't know what she's talking about. No. No. She can't say a lot legally. Now, I was gonna ask who's putting out like, the rumors? Like, you know, 'cause a couple of months ago we heard, well, Wendy's having this problem and she's incapacitated. Like They said, she's cognitively impaired because of alcohol. She's incapacitated, she's suffering some from dementia. Obviously It's not true. So do we know who's sending out those rumors to the press and to the blogs and all that? Do we know, do we have any ideas? Emini here, allegedly, from what we're able to see, all of this comes from The Guardian. Yep. In terms of, Hey, she's incapacitated all that.


That's, that's allegedly all, all the guardian. I'm only just saying allegedly, just, you know, obviously to protect all sides, but of course, yeah, Because obviously it's, it's, it's not true. And, and, and the sad thing about it, it gives her the ability to keep doing this. Because we all feel like, oh, if that's the case, then yeah. But listening to Wendy speak and seeing Wendy a couple of weeks ago at her son's graduation, you understand that? That's not the truth. Listen, listen. As, as much as I want my phone, she can't let me have my phone. You know what I'm saying? Like, like I, I can call you, but you can't call me. You understand what I'm saying? Yes. I don't even know what, what kind of phone this is that I have. All I'm saying is that when I call you, you listen. If you don't call me back, you can't call me back.


You understand what I'm saying? Absolutely. I can't, I can't sit on the phone, you know, and look at things, you know what I'm saying? And scroll through things. I can't do that. I do not have a laptop. You understand? I don't have an iPad. My life is, my life is my goddamn life. You understand? Yes. How, how, how does this hap how does this happen though, Wendy? How does this happen? Alex? How does she end up Yeah. In a guardianship where, you know, these people have so much control of her life. 'cause it's not like she does not have family. She has you Alex. Yeah. She has her son, Kevin Hunter, Jr. Like she has family. So how does this happen? Well, you know, go ahead on one. No, I was gonna say, you know what? My life, you know, and Charlemagne, you know, about my life, you know what I'm saying?


To get divorced was a, as far as I'm concerned, was a 100% fabulous thing. You know what I'm, IM saying, when I got divorced, look, I had this lawyer, I don't even want to say her beautiful name because I just, because it was so great. I've gotten a divorce like nobody else has gotten a divorce, And I don't want to talk about it. But Alex, you know about that. And, and Char, Charlemagne. Charlemagne, did I ever tell you about my divorce? You did. And I don't wanna know nothing. I don't know anything. Okay? That man has tried to ruin me of several times already. I, you know, No, no, no, no. Look, look, it's bigger than that. But look, look, look, look, when I, okay.


When I got divorced, right? Right. I moved to New York, you know what I'm saying? As opposed to in New Jersey, I was solo. Just me and my cats, you know what I'm saying? I got these two twin cats, who, by the way, my cats have been sold to. And I had no idea until I talked to that person last yesterday. You know what I'm saying? And, and she told me that my, look, I no longer have my cats anyway. Look, listen, I'm in New York. I'm solo. I'm still doing my show on tv, right? And I'm still doing my show, but I'm still saying, okay. 'cause to me, you know, being on TV was, you know, for me, you know, I, I'm not gonna lie that that was about money.


Radio is my route. You understand what I'm saying? To be on radio to me is like God sent to me And I was doing such great stuff back in the day. You know what, Emini here. Duh. That's an understatement. Whatcha talking about? We literally, Me and Jesse sitting here right now, just hilarious, is here. Me and Jess sitting here right now, Wendy just like, And I Trying to figure out what, how you doing, Wendy, this is just hilarious. How you doing, Alex? What do you want people who are listening to do? Like, do you want us to tweet? Do you want, like, what? How can we, A lot of us are here because of you Can help. Yeah. Alright. Alright. Too many people are talking at one time. One person talk. Because my, my phone is like two. Yes. Yes ma'am. This is just hilarious. How you doing Miss Wendy? I wanted to know what you want people who are listening to do, what do you want us to do?


Should we tweet? Should we get online? Like, how, how do you, what do you want us to do also? Alex, what do you Want? Well, we've talked about this and that is, there's the hashtag free Wendy. There's also change, a change.org petition as well. And also just, just making as much noise as possible, you know, potentially, you know, GoFundMe, whatever we have to do to make sure that my aunt is in a place where she is living her life in dignity For, For the woman that she is now. That's what we're gonna do. Wait, Wait. I, I have $15. I have, I have 15. What does that do? Right? And, you know, So My, my, my money is in prison.


That's Right. That's right. Right. And, you know, And I, I just wanna, I just wanna underscore what you were saying Charlene as well. And that is, this is still a legal situation. So Yes, there are things that my aunt just can't talk about. Yeah. There are things that we as a family can't talk about. That's right. Right. You know. But I think that the thing that we can talk about is the fact that my aunt sounds great. Yes. I've seen her in a very limited capacity, but I've seen her, we're talking to her. This does not match an incapacitated person. Not at all. And she like, that's why we say she's in like a luxury prison. Yes. Because she's being held and she is being punished. You know what Emini here for whatever reason that other people are coming up with as to why it is she has to be kept in this position.


Yeah. We're not asking, you know, for a whole lot. And, And I'm gonna speak for myself. I'm not asking for a whole lot. All I'm saying is just treat the woman with dignity. Absolutely. And, and give her the freedoms that she deserves. All right. We got more with Wendy Williams when we come back. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts on this guardianship? What are your thoughts on how they're treating? Wendy? Call us up. Let's discuss this Brad.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. I'm Danny Rell. Would you join me at the fire and dare enter Tale from the Shadows presented by iHeart and Sonoro, an anthology of modern day horror stories inspired by the legends of Latin America, from gasoline counters with shapeshifters to bone chilling brushes with supernatural creatures I know. Take a trip and experience the horrors that have haunted Latin America since the beginning of time. Listen to No Tales From the Shadows as part of Michael Tura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey, y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop, Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat, and Another one Gone. A tip. But a cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it and it Did. You know, did you know I wouldn't give, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It is DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Wendy Williams and her niece, Alex Finney. Charlamagne. Let's say what Wendy wants. Wendy wants to be, you know, released out of her, this conservatorship. But she wants to be in Miami with her family. With her family, yeah. With you Alex, and with, you know, the rest of the family. Her son, she wants to be in Miami. She's made this known. She's, you know, told everybody she needs to tell. I don't know why it's not happening. I wanna say No, No, no, no. Let, let me Just say, and then you can go back Charlotte. Let me Just say about Miami. Okay. You know, it started out with my parents, you know, to Miami. We're all from New Jersey, but near New York.


So you listen to radio, New York, you see Radio, New York, you know what I'm saying? Asbury Park, New Jersey. Okay. That's where I was born. All right? But then, you know, I moved up to Ocean Township and then my parents were the first ones in the family that said, no, we're tired of the, the cold and the winter and the ice. So they moved. And this was years ago, you know what I'm saying? I was 27 when they moved to to Miami. Anyway, the entire family now lives in Miami. And, and look, my son, my son, my son is doing such a great job. As a matter of fact, I saw him look, he graduated And I was in Miami, and that was a, a few about a month ago.


Yep. Alex, talk about the great time that we had and seeing my dad. Yeah. We all went out and had like a party at one point. Yeah. Your dad's gonna be 94 next week. Emini here next month. Right? Listen, 94, that, that's a whole nother thing. Like, I don't know whether I'm allowed to fly to Miami to say happy birthday to my dad. Wow. To get him. I wanna get him. Look, look, look. That person that you talk about who's holding me hostage? Sabrina Morrissey, your guardian. Oh God. We gotta see her name. We gotta put her name out there. Sabrina Morrissey, her Guardian. Well, listen, I don't know that she's going to let me, 'cause she already said to see my dad for his birthday. You know, he's gonna be ninety's crazy. 94 so long and, and, and, and, and all I can I look, look, look, look, look.


Please continue to talk, Alex. Go ahead. Yeah. Oh, can I say, Can I, can I say something out too? Yeah. So, you know, I know you know, you, you lost your grandmother. Alex, Wendy, you lost Yeah. Your mother. You were in the conservatorship when that happened? Yes. Wow. Well, well, wow. Here's the thing. She was not in the, in a conservatorship when that happened. Oh. But that period of time was right before, and to know that she may not be able to come down here for my grandfather's 94th birthday every day is not promised. Right. That's right. One thing that I know that my aunt wanted, and we talk, we talked about this at nauseum, she wants to be here for his birthday. Wow. And the fact that they're playing games about my grandfather being able to see his daughter and my aunt being able to see her father, I'm sorry, that is just absolutely sickening.


Like I am, I am exhausted thinking about, what if I can't see my dad for his birthday, you know, at 94. You know, the day after that is not promised. It's not promised. You know, I have things from my dad, it's in storage, and there there little things that I say, you know, I'm not gonna give it to 'em, but I'm gonna sew them and make them so that they look perfect on me. You know what I'm saying? Right? Yes. I know how to sew. I've known how to sew for years. You know what I'm saying? But I, I'm saying like, I wanna give my dad some sort of fragrance. You know? I wanna go to Sephora and pick and choose what I, I might not be. Yeah. My life is like up.


Yeah. Yeah. And it's Alex, it's a lot. Alex, do you think, you think that there'll be some type of, there'll be some type of retaliation from The Guardian because of the school? You know, maybe this phone call or because of Yeah. Why we've talked about that. You know, my aunt, even with her wanting to come on, we talk about all scenarios. I said, you know, do this, you ready for what's on the other side? And as she said, I have to do this. There's nothing else I could do. At this point. She's prepared for the fact that her phone might be taken away. What if They take my phone? I won't be able to talk to anybody. Yeah. And you know, you all what you're hearing now, this is a few minute clip of what we've been dealing with for the last several months and the last two, three years.


Wow. Like, what the hell? Like, she can get moved and we may not even know where she's, where she is. Wow. That was the reality of where she was during the documentary. We weren't permitted to go see her. So this whole documentary aired. Nobody's able to call her, nobody's able to see her. You know, the reason why I was doing the stuff with the view in Good Morning America was because she was nowhere to be found. Wow. In the meantime, in the meantime, you know, what, What are we gonna do about that? Listen, here's the weird thing, right? And while we were talk, while you were on the View, right? I got the telephone number. I could call Joy Behar, but my number is with The Guardian. I could call my friend Rose Ocado. I could call Fat Joe. I could call Alex. My number is in, not in storage, but my guardian person has my phone, right?


God damn. Alex, let me ask you a question. Alex, Excuse me, has had it has had it for three years. By the way, She's had your phone for three years and she got control of all your bank accounts and everything. Wow. Said, okay. You right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Right now, Alex, but that's what, that's what the news report say. The news report says she have control of your bank accounts and everything besides the Instagram and, and the social media. Who, who can we write? Do we have a email for Sabrina? And we can email and just have people say, yo, what's going on? What's up? But I, but by the way, I Can, can I tell you, can I Yes. Go ahead. Can I tell you something? Yeah. Other than when I was able to purchase like a whole bunch of, like, I got like nail polish and lipstick and things like that. Otherwise, when, because I'm here in New York, the Guardian has somebody get me like nail polish, you know, like the normal things that I like, like I need a new hairbrush, please.


You know, go out and get it for me and bring it back. Oh no, this is not the one that I want, but I guess this is the one that I'm forced to use. You know, you understand what I'm saying? Yeah. What about eyelashes? What about eyelashes? Look, look, look, look. I'm the full hair, makeup and wardrobe person, Period. Know what I'm saying? When I'm talking. Yesterday, she said she was stories up. She saw me out the window. She said, is that a Chanel bag? I said, Wendy, how do you see That money getting Chanel bag years? I ain't Been incapacitated about that. She spotted that back from floors up. Okay. Excuse Me, because I go on, I have a Chanel with me, but I also have an Hermes with me right here. Okay. Who love labels, darling. You got $15. Cut it out.


Listen, Wendy, Wendy's attorney, Linda Ky, I think that's how you pronounce her Na last name. She made a contribution. This is what I heard. She made a contribution to the judge after she was assigned to your case. Really? Isn't that a conflict of interest, Alex? I would say so, yes. Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. Oh, so, Oh my God. There you have It. Oh my God. Oh my God. Wow. And I'd be happy for somebody to prove me wrong and tell me why. Mm. Wow. Gimme the facts as to why that's not All right. We got more with Wendy Williams when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. Is DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne, the God. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rose is here with us this morning.


We're still kicking it with Wendy Williams and her niece, Alex Finney. Lauren, Alex, I have one more question for you, and Wendy, you can chime in too. How does this affect her health? 'cause I know we, we followed her journey with like grave disease and stuff like that, but like being emotionally distressed like this, that can't be good for her, just health wise. And that's supposed to be the point of the conservatorship. So what's that like? Yeah. Emini here, you know, Emini here, imagine you're sitting in a, in a, in a space every single day. You're not getting sunlight. You're, you're, you're not able to leave, to leave your place. You can't see people. You can't, you can't just have free conversation. You know, you do this day in and day out for months and from years at a time, emotionally and mentally, that breaks you down in ways that I can't even imagine.


Emini here. We know that there've been, there's been stories written about That. Can I tell you something? And this is a fact. Yeah. I asked the other day. I said, listen, you know, my thyroid, you know, I, I want to go to the person that I've been going to for years. I've got her name. You know what I'm saying? And that is who I want to go to again. You know what I'm saying? Because thyroid, thyroid, I've had for 24 years, I found out about thyroid, you know, around the time, well, at the time that I was trying to get pregnant. And my son is, my son is 24. So that's how I can, you know, tell, you know, my thyroid anyway. And she told me that, that, that I wouldn't be going there because my pill for thyroid is perfect. The pill that I have for thyroid is perfect. I'm like, okay, so what does that mean?


Look, just, this is my life people. This, this is my life. You know what I'm saying? This is my goddamn life. Wow. The bottom line is, my aunt hasn't had Emini here. We talked about this yesterday. She hasn't had, from what I understand, a medical evaluation to see if her rights can be restored. And it seems as though that instead of this guardian, Sabrina, you know, working with her, it seems though she's made it difficult every which way for my aunt to be able to live any sort of healthy, independent life. Wow. And you know, it's almost as if she doesn't want my aunt to show that she's healthy and independent. Because as we know about these guardianships, and as Myana said, the system's broken. Because the longer she's under this guardianship, the longer they have the keys to her life for her personal, her financial, her emotional, everything.


You know? And so that's the reality of, of, of the, of the guardianship system. It's overloaded. You know, there's a reason why they're looking at the New York guardianship system right now. There's a reason why lawmakers are calling on state leaders to reform this system. It's because it's broken. And it's a shame that we're in this place. And I know I'm getting really emotionally charged right now, but this is how sickening it is. And how tired I am of having to talk about this and have these conversations with my aunt, you know, because Thank you. It's not just her. You know? And thank God that we have platforms like this that we can go on and we can, we can talk about this, but there is a lack of scrutiny across the board. We know there's a lack of funding. There are too few guardians for the amount of people under this system, you know?


And as a result, a lot of things go unchecked. There's a lot of neglect as well as obviously we know as well financial exploitation of some of the most vulnerable people. That's the reality. Those are facts. It's written in print. And my aunt is one of those people, one of the over what, 28,000 people under guardianship in New York. She's one of those people that's under this situation. So yes, this is about her. Yes, we want her back. Yes, we want her freed. Yes, we want her to live with dignity and be able to move on with her life. But this, her story is a fight that many other people are going through as well. And they don't have the resources. So imagine where that they stand at this point. And that's why I'm so passionate about this. You know, you know, you, You bought Enough is Enough.


Alex, you brought up something that, you know, they brought up in the a and e lawsuit. It said the, the documentarians have not spoken positively about Williams guardianship. There's a bill in the New York legislator right now that's designed to curb guardian abuse and prevent guardians from restricting access to family members. That's what the executive producer Mark Ford told Vulture in February, 2024. I'm not sure where that bill stands, but this is a perfect illustration of a family that wants to be in touch, wants to be involved, but for whatever reason, can't. Wow. So that, that's really, you know, that's really the purpose of this phone call. Just to let everybody down. Wendy Williams is currently trapped in the conservatorship. That's right. And you know, she, she's, she's not cognitively impaired.


She's not incapacitated. She's just being taken advantage of. No. And and also remember, I feel like I'm in prison. I feel I am definitely isolated, you know what I'm saying? You know, you know, and, and, and to talk to these people who, like I said, who live here, you know, that is not my cup of tea. Do you understand what I'm saying? Absolutely. I Emini here, you know, they're, they're good people. But I keep the door closed. I watch tv, you know what I'm saying? I listen to radio, you know, And I watch the window, you know, And I, I sit here like, like my, as my life goes by. You understand what I'm saying? Yes. And you know what, Lauren? Lauren, I wanna say something because I, I did hear yesterday about you going and it was like the whole mess, which you just explained.


Yes. That happened. And the, and the alarm bells started ringing. That's when my aunt was told. Oh. And I'm, I'm paraphrasing here, but, but you know, your cats chit chat in my way. And anybody that's a Wendy fan knows how much my aunt loves chitchatting my way. Yeah. I gave those cats away. You don't have 'em anymore. Oh my God. Yeah. Your dad's birthday. Your dad's birthday. Well, that's up in, in the air. You're gonna have to talk with Linda. Me and Wendy talked about those cats. The punished Whole way there. Yes. Yeah. Oh my God. It's like she's getting punished. Wow. Thank for just trying to be a normal person to live about society. Right. And to live. Exactly. So Alex, I asked, they took her cats.


Yes. So, so that's what she told me yesterday, right? Aunt, when that Yes, I had, I had no idea that they, I had no idea that they actually took my cats. You know what I'm saying? You know, I wanted my cats with me. You understand what I'm saying? And, And I actually, that's my friend Lauren. I was saying, Lauren, you know what I'm saying? You know, come, you know about the cats anyway, so my cats are gone, everybody. And I did not know that until I talked to my guardian person, and she told me that the cats are, I said, you mean they are gone, gone, gone, gone, gone. Chit-chatting in my way. My twin cats. They're gone. They're gone. So Get so, so getting rid of the cats won't let, won't let you possibly see your father next, next month for his, for his 94th birthday.


She can't Leave. No, Don't say I won't, don't say, don't say I won't see her. I said, Possibly won't see my dad. I said, possibly What I'm, what I'm, what I'm getting at is all of this feels like some sort of retaliation because of, you know, what they've been seeing in the last couple of weeks. That's what I'm getting at. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God, my God. Oh my God. Yeah. That, that's, that's what this is DJ Envy, by the way. Hi, DJ Envy. Hey, Wendy. Wendy, I told envy that you thought he was gay because you saw him on TV with Tammy Roman busting his boyfriend. Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look. Leave me alone. DJ envy. I I remember that, that you came to me when I was doing radio and you weren't even into radio at that point yet. That's right. But you know what?


You and, and Charlemagne good, good things that you people are doing, you know what I'm saying? Good for you. Thanks to people like me. No, thank you that much. If it wasn't for you, Wendy, we wouldn't be doing the things that we doing now. Right? So we appreciate seriously all that you have done and, and, and all thank you all. Thank the trials and tribulations. Like we, we are on your should. Like, if it wasn't for, for you, we wouldn't be here. So thank you so much. Thank You for having big shoulders, Wendy. Absolutely. Big shoulder and a big latch. Excuse Me. Thank, Just, just, you know what, and, and thank you for Thank you for that. Thank you ver for that. Anyway, continue to talk. Alex, Hold on. I wanna, I wanna say this, Alex, I think, I think we said enough. Yeah. I just want, this is a fuse. Yeah.


This is a fuse that I want to delight so I I know it'll explode. And then we'll know what to do next after this. Correct. And, and, And I want everybody that's in that system that Wendy is currently in, I want them to know that we know what's going on. That's right. You know what, Emini here. So she's not a, she's not alone out here. You can't just isolate Wendy Williams and make her disappear. That's not gonna happen. Yeah. Okay. And the last thing I wanted to see, Charlene, just what you were saying is, anybody that knows my aunt, my aunt has always been a unique personality. Do you know That is who she is, how she's talking now, and how it's, you know, she goes from one topic to the next, is able to spin right back to the other topic. That's right. Oh, we know That's her. Yeah. We know. So for people that don't know her immediate, you're looking and you're like, huh.


If you know her, which she's known very widely, you know, that's who she is. We know. Don't try to twist who she is as if, oh, there's something wrong with her. No, no, no, no, no. You just don't know her the way we do. And not even that, Alex, all the stuff that she's been saying for years is coming to fruition. And now Let's, let's talk about that to prove that she's not, to prove that she's not cognitively impaired. All That stuff. She's been talking for years, Wendy, you got fired from hot 97 years ago because of Diddy all these years later to see what Diddy currently is. What do you feel about that situation? That's right. Hey, hey, hey. When I, when I watch TMZ And I see the stuff that goes on, I'm like, oh my gosh. And then all of a sudden I see me on TMZ. You know what I'm saying? It's really weird seeing me on TV when I'm caught in this position.


You know what I'm saying? The other day I was watching cookout, and there I am in the first opening scene. I was like, oh my God. Season one episode 13. There I am on Martin. You know what I'm saying? And as far as Diddy, Diddy will go to prison for life. People you don't know things that I knew about Didi back in the day. And you wanna know what it's about? Time people. It is about time. Didi done She still Day. How you doing? See, she still got it, Wendy. Oh my god. The queen has spoken. There you have It. That's right. This, this is, this is just the first step of Minnie. Alex, love you. Wendy. Love you. Yes. Yeah. Alex, keep crying to fight Jess up.


Period. Emotional right now. I was over here crying. Jess is crying. Oh my God. And please, to all her guardianship and everybody else, y'all can not hide. Wendy, do not hear this phone call and see this all in the news and think you're gonna take away her phone and you gonna isolate her. No, we know the address where she at. That's right. We, And we gonna stay on time of it. That's, and she, and we hope that she's, we hope to see her next month in Miami with her father celebrating his 94th birthday and her family do what? Right. And we hope that she gets to live in Miami as well. That's right. Yes. And start a podcast On black, On black Effect podcast. Would never, Wendy, Wendy, Alex, thank you so much. We love you And I love You. Bye everybody.


Wendy, love you. Hey, Wendy. Wendy, yes. Come on. You know what you got. You can't just end with We love you. You know what you gotta end with. How You doing win? Shout it out. Thank you so much. Bye Y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren, the Rosa of filling in for Jess. Yeah. I was just about to do donkey today. And I was like, nah, you know, the phone line going too crazy, man. Right? I, I I don't understand conservatorships. I don't understand guardianships, but Emini here to see so many people, you know, not just Wendy Williams have family members that are trapped in these conservatorships and guardianships is is crazy to me. I I do understand when it's done right.


When it's done the proper way and it's done the real way. Right. 'cause they wanna protect somebody. But in this case, when you listen to Wendy and you see how well she is with her family and how loving her family is, and you say something is right when she can't leave to get a hairbrush, when she can't leave to go see her dad for her birthday. Yeah. When she has to ask permission to go see her son for graduation. It's like prison, like conservatorships and guardianships. And I said this on social media last night, but they should exist to empower, protect, and support individuals. Not to combine them, confine them in these prisons, invisible prisons or luxury prisons, as Whitney kept saying, and you know, I'm glad she called. 'cause it's just a reminder that these systems must be transparent and compassionate and they should be designed to preserve your dignity.


Yeah. Like a, like Alex was saying, not not just control you. Right. And imagine how many people don't have because they're trying to, like Wendy said, she hasn't had her phone in three years with all of her context to be able to pick up the phone and just call people and get this out. Right. Imagine someone who was not Wendy Williams going through the same thing. And I think this, there was a free Britney situation with Britney Spears as well. Yeah. And it got loud and people were like, oh my God, it needs to trick down to everyday people. But then you see it happen again to a person like Wendy, when I went there, I kept thinking to myself, do they not under this is Wendy Williams. How, how is this like she can't, she is the people. She can't come down and talk to people. Like, I just, it is really sad to see, but hopefully her situation gets straight because it, it, it's tough to listen to and, and watch.


All she wants is to be in Miami with her family, her family, and, you know, that's where she wants to be. She doesn't wanna be trapped in trapped in this conservative shit, man. And, and we wanna take your calls. If you, if you listen to the interview, you heard the interview 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? The one thing I i, I will say is yesterday, last night when we posted that Wendy was gonna be calling, And I'm looking at some of the calls, I'm speaking to some of the callers. You don't realize how many people are going through this. Absolutely. There are A lot of people that are going through that with their parents and are saying, I can't see my mom. Absolutely. They won't let me talk to my mom. I can't visit my mom. I can't take my mom on, you know, a walk in a park. Like, there's a lot of people going this and ain't Right. Sometimes even if you're involved with your parents, sometimes if you don't have a person on the inside advocating for you, it's so hard to beat down like the medical system.


Like it's, it's not designed to help people, even though it's supposed to help people. Right. You gotta know people. You gotta be able to maneuver. Like, again, this is Wendy Williams going through this and she's in this situation and Yeah. And we do, we do have a call to action because you heard Wendy said she only got $15, but that's because her money is all, you know, tied up. Tied up. Because the woman Sabrina Morrissey allegedly has, you know, and I'm saying this allegedly for legal purposes Correct. Has control of all her, you know, bank accounts and everything. Now it, you know, one thing I was gonna say, my only fear is, is I know Wendy said every time she does something, she feels like they take something away. Right? Absolutely. And I just, my my fear is that because she's speaking out that they don't try to trans transfer her or don't take that one phone that she has or don't allow her to speak.


So that's why we have to be very loud as a culture, as a community. We have to be very loud to make sure they don't do that to Wendy. And one thing they did do, but this, this is our son's story to tell Saluta loca, you know, there was some retaliation recently because, you know, after his graduation, there was the whole video of Wendy at her graduation. Right. You know, she Was We seen it. Yeah. She Was looking and sounding just like she looked and sounded on that call just now. And yeah, there was some people that didn't like that. Yeah, I'll say that much. All right. The guardianship didn't seem to like that. So the call to action is simple, man. It is. Go, there's a GoFundMe account. It's in, it's in, it's in the bio on Breakfast Clubs Instagram page. And it's in the bio on my Instagram page at C of God, CT.


H-A-G-O-D. And it'll be, it's pinned. It's Pinned on YouTube video. Yeah. Pinned YouTube video video. What'd say premier? It's Premier now. The YouTube video premier now. So it's pinned in the YouTube video as well. Alright, so go there. I don't care if it's a dollar, $2, $3. You know, she needs money for an attorney. Yes. In Florida, actually. Yes. All right. So we we're gonna take your calls if you, if you heard the interview, you have thoughts or, or you're dealing with something similar. Absolutely. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The only thing I ask you is just please take us off Bluetooth, take us off speaker. 'cause it sounds a little cloudy when you guys call us on that. And we're gonna take your calls live when we come back. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren The Roast is here as well. Now if you just joining us, Wendy Williams, she called last hour and she was giving us an update of what's going on with her now. Her and Charlemagne have been talking about the, the guardianship and how it's been going. Yeah. Emini here. We've been talking about it. You know, Wendy first called me during the holidays, like right after Christmas while I was on vacation. And you know, we've just been chopping it up. We've been chopping it up very frequently over the last couple of weeks, like, you know, damn near every day. And if you know Wendy Williams, man, she's a very prideful person and you know, for her to be number one, you know, letting us know what's going on with her, but also, you know, asking for assistance. You know, that's just a big deal.


And Emini here, I think this is bigger than even just, you know, Wendy Williams, you know, conservative sip, guardianships. They should solely exist to empower, protect, and support individuals, not to confine them to prisons. That's right. You know what Emini here, like, that's literally, that's literally what I want everybody to get from this phone call this morning to get from this conversation that we're having on the radio. Conservative ships and guardianships should exist to empower, protect, and support individuals, not to confine them in, in invisible prisons. There's so many people that have been put in this system and they've just disappeared. And the only people that know what's going on is their family and their family, you know, may not have the way, the way to get the word out. Yeah. You know, the way a Wendy Williams does Emini here. Hell, Wendy didn't realize she had the way to get the word out because she got her phone taken away from her.


She didn't have no way to contact people. She had to call somebody to get my number to reach out to me. Right. Well, you know, and that was just because she ab she remi she remembered this person's number. Right. You know, because think about that. We all got phones. How many this ain't like back in the day, Lauren, you 33, you don't know. I don remember a lot of different numbers. I know numbers from heart from growing up. I know my mom and my Grandma. The only numbers I know is my mother's number, Gaia's mother's house of across Gaia's cell phone and my aunt's house. That's It. I know my, I know my mother's number. I know my grandmother's number. Who's not even alive no more. I know my, my my my in-law's number Yep. From calling the house when I was a kid. Yep. And I know my, my homeboy DJ Frosty's number by heart. That's it. Other than that, me neither. I don't know people's number by heart and without looking in the phone.


So imagine you don't have a phone and you can't get to that name. She just happened to remember this person's number for whatever reason. And this person reached out to me to give her my number. And that's how we been communicating. Well, if you missed it earlier, let's play a clip of, of, of Wendy checking in. And of course the full interview is on our YouTube page. What I might not be. Yeah. My life is like, yeah. Yeah. And it, Alex, it's a lot. Alex, do you think, you think that there'll be some type of, sorry, there'll be some type of retaliation from The Guardian because of the school, you know, maybe this phone call or because of Yeah. Why we talked about that.


You know, my aunt, even with her wanting to come on, we talk about all scenarios. I said, you know, do this. You're ready for what's on the other side. She's prepared for the fact that her phone might be taken away. What if I Take my phone? I won't be able to talk to anybody. Yeah. And you know, you all what you're hearing now, this is a few minute clip of what we've been dealing with for the last several months and the last two, three years. Now let's go to the phone lines. We got a lot of people that want to talk. Hello? Who's this Man? I just wanna say man, for the interview. It was, it was heartbreaking, man. One the said in interviews I heard, I was trying to ask about the call to action, but you guys just mentioned it in your last segment, but we never got the chance to hear like, how does this happen, man?


Like, how did she get put in this situation? I'm aware of how she, how she got put in this situation, but I, I don't, I I don't, it's not your story to tell. Yeah. That's not my story to tell. She didn't feel like she didn't want to tell it, you know, this morning. But hopefully, you know, she'll be having more conversations about this. Yeah, Man. I think, you know, just what Wendy's been for the culture, man. I just hope everybody can come together, man. That we can get out that situation. Absolutely. Well go, go put a little something in her GoFund me, man. You know, it, it's, it's, it's in Yeah, I am, man. It's in my Instagram at see of God. C-T-H-A-G-O-D. It's at Breakfast Club am Instagram. And I put in, when you watch the YouTube video later, it'll be in the YouTube link. Yeah. Pin it at the top. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Nikki. Good Morning.


Hey Nikki. Just make sure you have us off Bluetooth for speaker. Can you hear me Now? Way better. All right. Now it says that you went through something like this with your mom. Correct? My mother has since passed. She was, she passed during Covid. Mm. The Guardian tried to take my mother's body from the funeral home Mm wow. And to put her into another funeral home, which was, they have like their little group, they have nursing homes, they have funeral homes, they have that. They particularly take these, the, the guardianships deals with, and they take everyone's money, especially the person that's the guardian.


They look at the money first to see where they can get most of their money. Wow. And it starts with the judge because they give the judge the money also. Wow. I'm trying to take this to Congress because it has to be stopped. It, it bothers so many people. That's why I love Charlemagne because it takes a mental issue on the person that's taking care of that guardianship. Now also it said that Mayor Adams helped you. Right? Is is that true? Correct. That's when he was the Brooklyn Borough president because I wrote to everyone. Okay. And I even wrote to, to governor. Governor Cuomo at the time Got, And they also helped me, but it, it, it has to go to Congress.


Okay. Well, because they tried everything to take my mother away from me. And they only do this to people that has only one child. Wow. And Wendy Only children. That's right. Correct. Wow. Correct. Because if, if they have multiple children, it's more children to fight. Got you. Well, thank you Nicki. So if you're our only child, yes please, and please God, I love you guys the best. It has to be heard and it has to go somewhere because so many people that don't have the, the financial things to go get through this, they gonna lose. Okay. Well, thank you. And if, if Mayor Adams, if Mayor Adams was able to, to help her before he was Mayor, mayor Adams, I know you listened to The Breakfast Club.


If, if there's somebody that can help or you can point us in the right direction, please reach out to somebody up here please. Hello? Who's this? I would've heard it. I couldn't believe he said we got Wendy Williams. Hello? Yes. Hello. Hey, Dominique, if, if you ever is on Bluetooth for speaker, take us off. Yes. I took you off. Hello. Hi. Good morning. Peace. What's your thoughts, mama? Okay, so to be really honest, I, I really feel like this call should have never occurred. I'm a Wendy Williams fan, so I understand to advocate for her, but we don't know enough information as far as how does the ship work. You know, we don't, she's not saying that the guardianship has mistreated her.


So it's almost like we're demonizing that in most cases, in these type of situations, you have to have a medical evaluation before they put the judge appoint a conservative shift. And then they typically will offer a family member that's AC or older. Why aren't all these people Advocat? And Alex sound like she's in, on it on her own with Wendy. That's not true. Oh, well. Who, Hey, hey, hey, I love you to death, but you really don't have all the information. 'cause her son has been out here advocating for her for a very, very, very, very, very, very, very long time. Okay. So even in that sense, okay, so I, I hear that I'm listening to Wendy on the line, and she don't sound like she's able to make decisions on her own solely by herself.


There's a lot of other options. Like, I don't feel like, you know, as, as what, what they're presenting it to be is what I'm saying. I, the Question, it is funny. It, it is always funny to me when I hear people like, like this because she thinks she knows better than the person that's actually in the situation. Her family, the person, family Members. No, no, no. Forget the family members. No, this is My opinion. I know, I know, but I don I know better than anything. Yeah. But the person, the person that's actually in the situation, Wendy Williams, who's been calling, who's been calling my phone five times a day every day for the last three weeks, talking to her son, talking to her niece. This isn't new. Like she's just literally been locked away in a conservatorship and been wanting to get this story up, right? Like, so she, she knows the situation she's in, man.


And Not only that, she's, Wendy said, I just wanna be able to go outside and take a walk. Yeah, I was gonna say that. I want some fresh air, I want some sun. I wanna see my father. I don, I don't care what anybody says. You should be able to leave and see your father before he passes. He's 95 years old. Yeah. And I think, What are we talking about? Wendy will get to the point where she'll figure out what her guardrails need to be, whether it's help with whatever on a day to day and who that should be. But to have her pinned away from people like how she is with no interaction and it's just very limited. And she's miserable. That's right. And she can't tell the whole story. Right? She can't tell. That's thing you guys, she can't for legal reasons. Right. Let's take some, let's take some more calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 one's The Breakfast Club.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call Play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. I'm Danny, won't you join me at the fire and dare enter No Tales from the Shadows presented by iHeart and Sonoro, an anthology of modern day horror stories inspired by the legends of Latin America. From gasoline encounters with shapeshifters to bone chilling brushes with supernatural creatures. Take a trip and experience the horrors that have haunted Latin America since the beginning of time. Listen to Tales From the Shadows as part of Michael Tura podcast Network. Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your Podcasts.


Up y'all. This is Questlove and I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The cracker a bat and Another one Gone. A tip. Bud the cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up my seats nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into Historical Records records because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long roasts here as well. Now if you just joining us, we spoke to Wendy Williams earlier today. If you are just checking in, we'll just play a clip of what she was saying about her situation right now. And the full interview is on YouTube. If you wanna check that out, take a listen. Just This is my life people. This, this is my life. You know what I'm saying? This is my goddamn life. Wow. The bottom line is Maya hasn't had Emini here. We talked about this yesterday. She hasn't had, from what I understand, a medical evaluation to see if her rights can be restored. And it seems as though that instead of this guardian, Sabrina, you know, working with her, it seems though she's made it difficult every which way for my aunt to be able to live any sort of healthy, independent life.


Wow. And you know, it's almost as if she doesn't want my aunt to show that she's healthy and independent because as we know about this guardianships, and as my Mya said, the system's broken because the longer she's under this guardianship, the longer they have the keys to her life for her personal, her financial, her emotional, everything. So we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello? Who's this? This your boy? Hold to God. South Carolina. What's up, Ference Club? What's up brother? What part of SC you calling from brother? Upstate? Upstate. Upstate. Six Gravel park. 8, 6 4. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes Sir. So we're just asking, you know, what's your, what's your thoughts? And, and if you have us on Bluetooth for speaker, we're saying please take it, take it off.


I'm thinking more or less, isn't there something like, what's going on with Brittany Spears? It was what was happening with Brittany. The only differences though. Yeah. Brittany's family was on the side of the conservator here. Wendy's family is, is on Wendy's side and the conservator's on the other side. Oh, okay, okay, okay. I'll Just say it look kind of like a pattern. But what I wanted to say though, this is the very reason people get their heads blown off. Jesus. You can't pray with people's family. Jesus Christ. I love us for real. Like what? Jesus Christ. I'm right. He now listen. He not wrong. Listen, he not wrong. Right. We not, we're not. We're not. We're not, we're not. We're advocating, are advocating violence. But I get what you It's a feeling.


It's a feeling. I get what you're saying. Right. Exactly. That's all. And I'm sure everybody feel the same way about their family. You right. You Right. Yes sir. But hey, it was great talking to y'all. Shout out to The Breakfast Club. Shout out to Greenville. Shout out to everybody. That's your boy. Hold to God. And I out See one thing about South Ians, we just very directing to the point. You know what I'm saying? What do you think about the situation? This is the reason people get their hand blown off. Jesus. Have a nice day, man, talking to y'all. Have nice day. Peace Of the God. Alright. Hello. Who's this? This is Carol from Manchester, Pennsylvania. Hey Carol. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Carol? I just feel like this interview got me emotional with Wendy. We grew up with her and she is in her right state of mind.


Like, my thing is, have you guys seen a movie on Netflix? It's called I Care A Lot. Yes, I heard about that. Haven't Seen it. My mom, when I told her about it, she, we watched that movie together and my mom was like, it's just like that movie we watched. Yes. Yes. It's a very emotional, And I feel like Wendy needs to be free. Like, I never heard of something like this in my life. Like what did she do? And to be honest, before I forget, Charlemagne, don't be surprised if they block you from talking to her after this interview. Yeah, I know she, Wendy already told me that if I don't hear from her for two days straight, I think she said Yeah. Two days straight and then something happened. Yeah, she told me that already. Yep. Yep. And and it's sad because Wendy is in her right state of mind.


Like we all as fans that we grew up with her, we heard this interview And I got emotional. I was crying in my car. Mm. And it's sad what's going on with her. Like they need to let her go. And that lawyer, whatever her name is, they need to investigate her because when Wendy said that, she asks for a brush. What, where do you get the brush from? The Dollar store. Somebody needs to like, see all the receipts on how Wendy these funds is going. Is she getting rich by this? Yeah. You know, like, what is going on? Like this is abuse. And don't be surprised if VI is behind all this. Okay? Okay. All thank Come on. All right. Black people, Black people, Puerto, you know, Emini here, black and brown people.


We just gotta relax. Alright, listen, Wendy, Wendy Williams, the woman, the guardian's name is Sabrina Morrisey. And she is being sued by a and e in lifetime right now, if you heard me, you know, when we were discussing with Wendy, I quoted what one of the executive producers said, and the executive producer even said, this is Guardian abuse. So Emini here, I don't, this is just, this is what they're saying. I'm just saying what they're saying and what they're counter suing her for. So, You know. Now again, what, so what is the call of action? What can people do? There's a lot of people listening and I'm sure they wanna do something. Do they write, do they send emails? Do they donate? What is the call of action Charlamagne? Well, you know, Wendy, Wendy wants to be in, in Florida. She wants to be in Miami with her family. Her money is tied up with the Guardian. She doesn't have access to her money and, and you know, she wants money for an attorney.


So, you know, there's a GoFundMe link that her niece set up. And it is in Breakfast Club AM's bio on Instagram. And it's on my bio on Instagram. See the God C-T-H-A-G-O-D. And if you watch the video on YouTube, the call that she called in, I think the full call is like, what, 40 minutes? 45 minutes? Something like That. 40, yeah, About 40 minutes. If you go listen to the call on YouTube, the link to the GoFundMe is also in the, the YouTube bio as well. I don't even know how to say go. How do you say GoFundMe's on there? How do I read it? Just say GoFundMe and just you would search, but I don't say Just say Wendy Williams, but I I'm sure Just say that one. One. Yeah. I don't want, I don't want pe Yeah, the the one that, the one that people are donating to says, support Wendy Williams Fight for Independence.


And it's a picture of Wendy and Alex. But its, it's the link. The link is in my bio. It should say Something about too who created it or who It says Friends of the Williams family is organizing this fundraiser. Yeah. So go there and, but, but to be safe, just go to the pen. It's on a YouTube page. Just click the pen and that way you know where you're going. That's right. All right. We got, just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Lauren? We do, we gonna get into some of the fire stuff in la. Little Kim had some reactions online yesterday. She was wishing well, but it, it went really bad. She's speaking about the fires. All right, we'll talk about that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. You News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't lie. She don't nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. Alright y'all. So you know, we've been covering the fires in la a lot of people giving back money. Beyonce did a 2.5 million, I think it was. Yeah, Leonard, Leonardo DiCaprio just donated 1 million via organization. Celebrities have been speaking out. So Little Kim yesterday, or Yeah, this week got online.


She was on Twitter on X and she posted hashtag Pray for LA and then she reposted this. It is, it's like a, I guess like a story that she had posted. She put it to X, she said, been sending strong prayers up for LA and everyone affected by the fire. This is heartbreaking. I pray to Jesus that God make it monsoon in la. Now here's the thing, a monsoon wouldn't ha, like I, I think she just wants like heavy rain, wants Heavy raised a lot Of water. Heavy Rain. Yeah. But to use the word monsoon, people were like, wait, what? Because people knew what she meant. Man, they gotta, people gotta stop with that. They knew what she meant. They knew she meant, and then she wanted a rain storm to help with the fires. They gotta stop Because somebody said, I get what she's trying to say, but this is wild.


Another person Said, monsoon is just heavy rain though. What am I missing here? I, Because Emini here, monsoon is heavy rain, but it also can come with wind and when is the issue. Oh, got you, got you, Got you, got you. Gotcha. But also too, even if you bring heavy rain and wind to la, y'all never heard of like the mudslides. It's like, like that's a double whim. Like, you don't want that. Y'all know what she meant. Stop. Man. I hate when people do that. You know what she meant. Yeah. So, so after this happened, right, monsoon started trending on a entertainment trends, because I think all of us was asking what you asked. Like, wait, wait, any just rained? It's like looking it up, it's like, no, it includes wind. It, there's a dry monsoon, there's a wet monsoon. So we, we was trying to figure it out. Yeah, I don I don't, I don't know what the technical thing for monsoon. It's just like, you know, sometimes when it's raining hard outside, we've, I've heard that few people like it's a monsoon outside.


Yeah. So you mean heavy rain? I don dunno Man. It's not funny because, you know, the fires are serious, but it's, it just reminds me of like, like if my mom gets on like Facebook Emini here, the stuff that she posts, it's like, mom, like, what are you doing? Stop. Don't even know What you're saying. What Kim meant. They know what little Kim meant. Come on now. All right. People just Fire man. I don it is just, it's just interesting to me that people take, take things literal that they shouldn't take literal, you know? But the actual literal things, they don't take literal at all. What Don't we, what don't people, we take literal A million things. Like what? I can't think of it right now, but it's a million things that I'm a part of to y'all on this one. 'cause I saw that. I was like, what this happening right now? You Knew what she meant though. I didn't think Nothing of it. Yeah. I I know she wouldn't wish bad after the fire, so I wanted to Yeah, I knew what she meant.


All right. So in other news, Conor McGregor, right now, there is a lawsuit that was filed recently against Conor McGregor accusing him of sexual assault. So you guys remember back in 2023, Conor McGregor, there was a criminal, criminal action filed, there was a police report, all that stuff. There was a woman who said that after game four of the heat, during the, after the heat's game four in the NBA finals, that Connie McGregor allegedly took her in a bathroom and sexually assaulted her. Right? So this same woman now has filed a civil suit against him. It was filed this week. She's also suing the staff and security of the Ca Kaseya center. Am I saying that right? That's the arena where the Miami Heat play.


And she's basically saying that everybody was negligent because if you guys remember her original story, she was saying that the way that security was set up, the way that his security helped set up their exit to the bathroom, there was a video of them walking to the bathroom that she basically had nowhere to turn and nobody to turn to because security that was supposed to protect her did not in his security that was there. She alleged that they, they helped set up know the whole situation. So yeah. So he's declined. The, the u the US attorney's office had dec had declined to go forward with charges on the criminal side. So she came back with a civil suit. Yeah. And I, I don't know Connie McGregor, I feel like the, the negativity just kind of like sticks to him. Hmm. Yeah. But just know you could sue anybody for anything.


Yeah, a hundred Percent. Just because you're suing anybody doesn't make make him guilty. But I'm sure we'll get more details later on. But So he court sue, did he lose? He didn't lose. No, he didn't lose it. So she, she went to the police originally. Oh, and then the criminally, they Dropped The criminal case. Yeah. And they decided not to go forward with charges. So then she went back and filed a civil suit. Gotcha. So yeah. All right. And then another, and another court news. Y'all remember we report on Kaitlyn Jenner? I'm sorry, just thought it was Kaitlyn. Kaitlyn Clark. Caitlyn Clark. Okay. And there was a guy that was stalking her. Yes. That actually flew to Indianapolis and was sending her to tweets. And she was so scared she had to change her identity in person. So that guy actually went to court. And this is wild. Take a listen to this man in court. Morning, Mr. Lewis.


Guilty as, no, Kill Me. I started, sir, this is initial hearing. Oh, you have a right to remain silent And I expect you to exercise that. Okay? This is just telling you what the charges are. You do not listen. It's, I'll give you a chance to talk. Listen, now you're done. Roll me the bookie. Stop Told me the bookie. You have a right to know what your charges are. You are charged with stalking as a level five felony. If God made a species funnier than humans, then I have to see it to believe it. I watched that video a lot. Put no reason whatsoever. Kelly, I like, humans are funny, but Emini here. He was taking accountability though. Like, But how do you not how you, because remember they went to the hotel the first time and gave him like a warning.


He had to be kind of getting a little crazy in the warning. 'cause how you walk into the judge, like, throw me the book, throw Me the book. Guilty. I'm here To, I'm here to check in. Why He might have a boo. He might have a boo in there. Why are we wasting taxpayer dollars? What he's saying, I'm, Hey man, I'm guilty. Let's speed this up. I wanna go back to sleep. They Gonna say he was very erratic. One of the TV stations in Indianapolis said he was very erratic during his first court appearance. He was very calm. Did he look like he, what He was doing? He knew exactly what he wanted to say. Oh, I saw was accountability. Okay. That's all I saw and heard. I watched that video like eight times. Why so many times? Man, it was just funny the way he walked in and he leaned back. He said, Gil, oh, Well I'm glad that he's where he's at. So my girl Kaitlyn can Sound like he ain't got no money for lawyers.


He's like, I'm done with this. Just put me in. And then I kept trying to hear what he said. 'cause in my mind, you know what I thought he said, what, what owe me The bki. The, I thought he said, throw me the what? Did it again. Right. Throw crazy. Play it again. Morning Mr. Lewis. Guilty as No sir. This is initial hearing. Oh, you have a right to remain silent And I expect you to exercise that. Okay. This is just telling you what the charges are. You do not listen, it's, I'll give you a chance to talk now you're done. Throw me the booie stop, throw me The boogie Discharge, lock me up and throw me the booie.


All you heard was throw it back. All you heard was throw it back. I get three meals and a bookie. A bed and some bunky. Throw me the booy. Okay. Ready for a vacation. Don threaten with a good time. He ready? He is ready. That's what I got from that. Don't Be a funky. Alright. That is just what the mess with law and La Rose. Y'all always find a way to take it. Gay Me? He didn't sound gay to you. Sounded erratic. He said he is been off of his medicine. Funky. All right, let's get to the mix of people's choice. Mixes The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You don't know what a conservatorship is when someone is in charge of making decisions on your behalf. But usually because the con the conserve is not able to make decisions for themselves. Wendy can make her own decisions.


She is not cognitively impaired. She is not incapacitated. She is being taken advantage of. Right. Wendy, tell us what's going on. First Of all, to start with my niece, Alex knows a lot as well. You know, but I am not cognitively impaired. You know what I'm saying? No, but I feel like I am in prison. You understand what I'm saying? I'm in New York City. Right. And Alex, you, you know exactly what you're talking about. You flew from Miami to New York and you were right here with me. Go ahead. She's there in New York in this place, essentially like what some would call a luxury prison. This is her room that's allegedly her apartment. But the thing about this apartment, she has a bed, a chair, a tv, a bathroom, and she's looking out one window And excuse me, through my money, you know, I have this person buy the tv.


Is the, Is the person your guardian? Is that who you're referring to? Your guardian? Yes. Well, you know, Sabrina Morrisey is her name. Annie Network in Lifetime were sued by Sabrina. She claims they exploited you in a vulnerable state. They exploited your condition. And I'm putting condition in air quotes. You, you signed to do that documentary without your consent, but a and e in Lifetime, countersued. And said that Sabrina realized the documentary would question the quality of her own guardianship. It actually says in the lawsuit, it appears that Morrisey is misusing her position as a guardian of Williams. The silence criticism of her controversial and failed administration of the guardianship. They even used the words guardianship, abuse.


What do you think of that? Me and the person that you were just talking about, this guardian person. We watched that four part thing on TV together. She was the one who wanted to do that. So I'm watching and writing things down and she's watching and writing things down. And I saw her, or I saw all of that, by the way. And what do I think about being abused? Look, this system is broken. This system that I'm in, you know, this system, it has falsified oof a Lot. Breakfast club's, YouTube page, it's up. And it's a link on the YouTube to her GoFundMe because she's raising money to I think getting an attorney in Florida.


Correct? Yes. They get an attorney in Florida. So, you know, man, it's, it's a, it's a heartbreaking conversation simply because this is happening to so many people. I think that this story is even bigger than just Wendy Williams because Emini here. If it could happen to somebody like Wendy Williams, then you know, it can happen to anybody. And I was having a conversation with someone and you know, somebody that is in the system of the guardianship conservatorship world. And they told me straight up, like when it comes to somebody like Wendy, that system doesn't respect her. Mm. Meaning that not only is she black, not only is she a black woman, it's like her job, right? It's like what, what? It's like when they look at her, they're like, oh, Wendy Williams though. She was just the, the gossip woman on the radio, the gossip woman on television.


So they don't necessarily respect her. That's what somebody in the system, you know, told me. But we respect her. Right? Right. And so, you know, like, like I've been saying for the past couple of days, conservatorships and guardianships should exist to empower, protect, and support individuals. Not to confine, confine them in, in invisible prison. So, you know, hopefully this leads to not just, you know, Wendy getting what she's looking for, which is to be down in Miami with her family. But for anybody that's locked away in a conservatorship, you know, or a guardianship that feels like a prison and their family is trying to get ahold of them, you know, hopefully this leads to some, some much needed change in that system. One of my homegirls hit me too. She said she heard you mention Mayor Adams and if he can get any help or whatever, she said she reached out to somebody on his team.


So it's being passed over to him and whoever else can help out, just reach out. All right. When, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is here. And again, shout out and salute to Wendy Williams and her niece Alex Finney. Alex does news in Miami. She's on Local 10 News in Miami, man. Yes. It's S to Alex. Salute to Alex too. 'cause Alex is dope. I remember And I, I known Wendy for 20 years. So Alex was a kid when I knew her. But literally when she was a kid, she used to always say she wanted to do news. She wanted to be a news anchor. So to see her actually doing that is really dope. So salute to Alex.


Absolutely. All right. When we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne to God. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren The Roast is here. It's time to get up outta here. Now you gotta salute some people, right? 'cause you went out last night. Oh yeah, I did. I went to go see Donna Rollins and Dave Chappelle at Radio City Music Hall. Yes. Thanks Darnell for the tickets. It was a great show. Like a great show. Probably one of the best comedy shows I've ever been to. Darnell gets busy on that stage, don't He? Yes. Yes he do. He does. Why? Why you be playing with him when he come here? Now I understand why he walks in here and don't speak to us when he walks in. But One thing I always give Darnell credit for is being one of the funniest people on stage and off stage. Darnell is just a naturally funny person. He is.


We just like messing with each other. You know what Emini here, everybody always be trying to act like I be messing with Donelle, but they don't see what Darnell be doing to me. That's why he added you in his onstage set too. Yeah. He needed to called you right on out. Donelle will be here tomorrow. I got something for his, literally, literally I got something for Darnell's as tomorrow. He will be here on Breakfast club tomorrow because Dave Chappelle's doing SNL all weekend. So he'll be here with, with Dave. I got something for Darnell. Dammit. All right, well you got a positive note, you got more? Yeah, I got one Walmart. It has nothing to do with the comedy show, but I wanna tell people 'cause I know it's, it's cold here in New York. I don't know where everybody else is at. But Memorial Day weekend, I'm doing a Memorial Day getaway. It's for like six days, five nights. If you go to Memorial Day getaway.com.


Ain't nobody trying to Go to Delaware for the Memorial weekend. We're gonna to Dr. Baby. I was about to get to that. Oh we gonna Dominican Republic. He isn't. That's what it's called. No it's not. No, I'm Not going that that that's what you talking. No, Uhuh ain't going there. That's night. But I heard Dr. Get a little crazy like that. This gonna be my first time in Dr. I ain't doing none of that crazy stuff though. But we will have a good time. I'm gonna be hosting a bunch of the parties and the events out there. It's Memorial day getaway.com so you can get on there, start making your payments. It's A-H-B-C-U and Black Alumni weekend that I'll be there hosting. So get on out there. You know Delaware State alumni. I wanna see y'all there and everybody else. Dope. Alright, Charla, man, you got a positive note? I do man. And it's simple. We believe that transparency is needed to create trust and it's also needed to create a dialogue because I feel transparency increases credibility and accountability.


So be transparent, y'all. It's good for you. Have a blessed Day Breakfast Club. Bitches do. I'm finished or y'all done.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the shadow. Join me Danny Trails and step into the flames of Wright, an anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to Noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.