
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide an owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet. That has the Comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the Heart of America. Sonoro, EI heart's. Michael Doura Podcast Network. Present. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


There's something different about the conversations we have late at night. They often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So what if those laid back conversations were with some of the biggest musicians in The World, midnight Chances is already welcomed, tame Imp Parlor, Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, fin Staples, and many more. Join me, Stuart Stubbs and me, Greg Cochrane as we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't normally talk about. Listen to the new series of Midnight Chats on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany, Christina, Shirley Bassey. Tina Madonna. S Cindy On Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. Bruce Springsteen. This is because the bus belongs to us, A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is. Listen to because the bus belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I listen to the show every single day. Breakfast Club, The Breakfast, Club that ass up on The. Breakfast Club. You can't say Breakfast Club without The, Breakfast, Club. You're like this Rare Air. You got platforms and partners all over the place because your demand is so high. People wanna be in business with The breakfast, but I don't think white people Know how popular you guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious. Charlemagne to God. Yeah, you guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night talk show. Y'all know what y'all talking about. Good morning. USA.


Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Jess is on maternity leave. We got Lauren LaRosa here. Good on Lauren. Hey, twin. Good morning. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the Planet. It is Friday. Good morning. What's happening? How y'all feel out there? Man, I feel blessed Black and Holly babe here for another day to serve. What's happening? Good morning. What's up Lauren? Not much. How y'all feel? I feel great. Today is the official first week of me being back. Yes. Okay. Drop on a clue. Bumps for LL Cool Bay. Lauren London LaRosa. Yes. Lauren, London, Delaware. New. New. You Ain't letting me that go. Huh?


What They just What It was yesterday. I like it though. I You don't want to sleep. Woke up. Hopefully you showered again. I did shower and you still ain't letting it go. Nope. I can't let it go. I thought it was great. I think that You know If you the Delaware Nunu. We need to rep what I'm Saying. We need to rep is insane. We need to wrap. My gosh. All right. Well, well, Laura Laro and myself have the same shirt on this morning. Yes. I turned mine around. She turned turns around because I'm like, I don't want us to be sitting here matching. Right. But shout out to go. I, And I knew this morning. I swear when I put this outfit on, I'm like, I hope envy don't come in looking like this because this is like your normal, like go-to Well, if y'all shop at the same stores, then it's like this. It's, it's a season. Seasonal clothes.


Correct. Nine times outta 10, you're probably gonna wear the same thing. Yeah. Salute to God. Speak Godspeed to some brothers from Queens that have their own clothing line. Everybody's wearing it. A lot of people are wearing it now. Lauren And I have the same shirt on. I've been, I've been raping 'em for a long time. They just, from my borough Queens and anybody from Queens that's black, you try to support and they make some really, really dope quality clothes. So we have the same shirt on. She turned to us around though. That neck's gonna be bothering you in a little bit. 'cause then I don't know why you did that. Why did you do that? Because I don't want us to be sitting here matching in the photos. It's gonna be weird. Why is it weird y'all, y'all got in the same uniform. It's part of the KC crew now. Just, just you're part of the crew. You're matching. Y'all do be matching. We match. That's why it don't bother you because you, so you used to match 'em with like eight people. It don't bother me.


It bother used to matching with like eight people. It don't bother me. All right. Well let's get the show cracking. When we come back. Morgan Wood will be joining us. We got some front page news. I'm sure she'll be breaking down. Donald Trump, Biden, Kamala Harris and everything political. It is the presidential election season, so I understand that. Alright, we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess ais Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page News. Morning Morgan. Morgan doing a body wine. Why you doing a body wine before you? Yes. It's Friday. Friday early. It's Friday. You got sexy news to deliver or something. Yes. Cheers to the freaking weekend.


Let's get it through it though. Y'all President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris held their first joint rally since the president ended his 2024 reelection bid. Speaking in Prince George's County, where I'm from, from the Prince George's County Community College in Maryland. The two leaders highlighted their efforts to cut Medicare prices for popular drugs. Let's hear more from Vice President Kamala Harris. United States of America. No senior should have to choose between either filling their prescription or paying their rent. Big pharma has often inflated the price of life saving medications, often charging many times what it would cost to make just to increase their profits.


That's what people want to hear. As long as you are having conversations about things that You know, keep, keep money in folks pockets or, or make things that they need more affordable, you will always get the ears of the people. People will always pay attention. Now, Charlemagne, I know you might not wanna hear from President Biden, but he also was there too. Oh Lord. He's to our president and he had some comments to say. He said this shouldn't be a concern and added that he does have the utmost confidence in Harris to be the, to be the up the next president. So let's hear from Biden Ka And I both get it. We know it isn't just about healthcare, it's about your dignity. No, it's about your dignity.


It's about peace of mind. It's about security. It's about taking care of your family. Folks, I have an incredible partner. The progress we made, she's gonna make one hell of a president. Oh, that's nice of him. Say that was cool. Yeah. So VP Harris is also expected to lay out economic policies during a campaign stop today in Raleigh, North Carolina. I'll tell you one thing too. The VP may not be doing any interviews, but she sure got a mean ground game. You know And I Hope when she goes to these places like You know, like Marilyn, she's not just doing rallies. She, I hope she's going out to local establishments and shaking hands and kissing babies because that goes a long way. But as it, it, it also seems to me that she talks about all the things that she wants to do when she's in office and the first thing she wants to do and, and what she wants to increase and how she wants to help.


But it seems like to me, she's talking about all the things that we expected Joe Biden to do that they didn't do. Well, no, they did do. That's why what she was talking about just now was prices that they've actually negotiated. She didn't say they want to do it. She said they have negotiated that. Yeah. Speaking of which, the Biden administration says it actually has negotiated lower prices on 10 drugs, commonly used by Americans on Medicare Health and Human Services. Secretary Javier Bera says it almost took a year of negotiations to arrive at the news. Let's hear more from HHS Secretary. Be besera. The savings are significant more than what the Congressional budget office, the budget estimator for Congress said it would be. We would love it to be September 1st, 2024.


But you have to give time for the, the new pricing to take into, to get input it into the system all over the country. I don't know about that part, but No, just time Takes time to put in the system. Yeah, it takes a little time. That's funny. So it takes about a, a year and a half, two years. So they discount will take effect 2026 and we'll save enrollees an estimated $1.5 billion in. I feel like We get out for some reason. I feel like, I don't know, discount takes a year and a half. That's long. We, but I mean, I mean, You know. At least it'll be coming. But also too You know. You gotta look. That sound crazy. You gotta think. You gotta think like that. Sound crazy at things like the Inflation Reduction Act You. know what I'm saying? Nearly 4 million seniors on Medicare with diabetes started to see the insulin cost cap to $35 that that happened.


Exactly. Fact, like you said, insulin is included in that. Some of those other drugs, Januvia, Jardiance, Eliquis, and bro, these are drugs that You know help with cancers and heart disease, all types of different, different ailments. Diabetes, all types things. So it's You know. I'm sure a lot of people could stand to benefit from that. Moving on, the family of Sonya Massey and their attorneys are pu pushing for legislation that would strengthen Illinois Safe T Act. The LEGI legislation would create a national database for police officers that would include infractions like DUIs. The measure is designed to prevent the hiring of officers like former Sanon County Sheriff's Deputy Sean Grayson, who is charged in the July 6th fatal shooting death of Sonya Massey.


Now Grayson had two DUIs before becoming an officer. Massey's fam family members also applaud the retirement of Sima County Sheriff Jack Campbell calling it the first step towards real change. So yeah. Alright, well that is front page news. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. So in the next hour we'll hear more comments from president or former President Donald Trump and his VP running mate. And there's an update in the Jordan Childs metal debacle. All right. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's a Friday. Let us know how you're feeling again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club.


Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you mad or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Tanisha. Hey, Tanisha. Good morning. Get off your job. Good Morning. Oh my gosh. I'm so excited. Okay, so I talking about the Michael Rubin. Yes. And I know that he apologized, but he had no right saying that because we've been in 400 years with slavery. And then after the 400 years we had segregation. And then we still have systematic racism. And then we, we still have them taking away things like the DEI and every time we try to make progress, Tulsa rosewood, they try to block us. So it's not as easy as just saying, oh, let's help each other out.


Of course you would like to, but You know. And then Jews and the Palestinian Palestine, he needs to worry about that and not, not worry about what we have going on because we have suffered very long. It's not gonna just take a couple of years to Fix It. I agree with that. But I will say in a lot of ways it is as easy as us helping each other out because based on everything that you just said, we know the opposition that is against us. So we should have unity in group operation. We should not be going at each other's necks and trying to tear each other down and trying to take each other's heads off. Yeah. But You know what it is. It's in a lot of ways it is as easy as as us just coming together. Correct. Because we really, we really, all we got is us. But, but what he said, like people are are missing the message and, and, and, and attacking him for what he said.


But we should be getting to the truth of it. And we should be like, yeah, we should be supporting each other. We should be helping each other. We should be trying not to, to tear down each other. That's what people are missing. Oh, Key. He took a bullet because it's not like he, he, I don't think there's nobody that felt like he meant malice and saying there was no malice To what he said. Not at all. People are just upset that he's white and he's saying it. And I understand that. And we all agreed in the room like, oh, I don't understand that. I understand it because All I hear is people saying that he shouldn't have said it 'cause he's white. But I ain't hear nobody say he not telling the truth. Oh yeah. But that's what I'm saying. My point, I understand the, so I don't, I don't get caught up in he not saying it 'cause he's white. I don't get caught up in the, the messenger of it all. I get caught up in what he said. And. I'm not gonna be mad at somebody for saying something. And I say all the God time. What he said was absolutely true.


And And, I understand slavery and all that stuff. But that don't mean that that has nothing to do with some of the stuff that not have nothing to do with. I don't know. Hello? Who's this? You just gave up on your own. She gave, I just, I Was thinking about my mentions yesterday. I'm like, I don't even feel like these people. Hello. Who's this Getting To it. Yo, good morning. Happy Friday everybody. It's Keith from Booker y. I hear you smoking early this morning. Waking and bait. Yeah. You. know what I'm saying? It's the best way to listen to The Breakfast, Club y Smoking that Reggie. Yeah. All sure chill. Sure. Don't Let do that to What's up. That gas. Yo, I just want to get this off my chest, man. In reference to the Michael Rubin thing, I, I'm really getting tired of us in the black community feeling like we are above critique when it comes to people outside of our community.


I feel like we could learn and build ourselves up by taking the critique. 'cause a lot of the critique that Michael Rubin had, we already have ourselves inside the community. So I don't see nothing wrong with him saying what he said as a black person. Alright. I I I agree with you. Unless it came from a ma a, a malicious place. And I And I. And that wasn't a malicious place from, from Michael. I mean, it made me feel, he Seems like a, he seems like a real genuine guy. He reminds me of a lot of white people that I be at the bar with every week. See, I don't just be at the bar with white people. And I liked Him. Well, that's your problem. No it's not. That's exactly, you get out your bubble. No, it's not about Stop letting him roast you up there, Lauren.


He's not getting out my bubble. I'm just saying like, I'm not a, I don't have a yo Lauren White friends on the daily, but like, when I spoke to him, I was like, yo, he has good intentions. Like he's a, he seems like a good person. I don't even care about him, guy. I mean, I do Michael, my guy. But I'm just simply saying, I say the same things all the time about me. Message is true And. I'm not getting caught up in who the messenger was. I'm more focused on the message and let's, let's, let's fix it. Let's continue to do things that we are, let's continue to do things to fix those issues that he's talking about because we know, we know the problems exist. Get it off here. Chest 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If, you need to vent. Hit us up now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether You're mad or blessed, You better have the same energy. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, Keith. Keith, what's up? Get it off your chest. What's going on with the dj Henry? Good morning y'all. Good Morning brother. Peace King. Morning. Hey solo man. I've called up there 472 times since your birthday, man. Well, thank you brother for your, for Your commitment. I'd appreciate it. If. you check out my Instagram page. Okay. What is it? I Got a Instagram page called the Cake fx. I made you a cake for your birthday. You made me a cake. Whoa. Did did he get the cake? Did he blow out the candles? Yes sir. Nah, I ain't do all that.


I let the candles burn out. Well, thank you for baking me a cake. Where a cake at Now? Birthday was like two months ago. I can make it again. What you what? The cake that you made for where you live at, Bro? Man, you gotta, you gotta check the cake out. I'm calling from Atlanta. All right. What, what's the, what's the page? This is all The cake fx. I, I've appreciated. You just double tapped it for me. Yeah, I don't believe that you actually made me a cake. I believe that you just saying that. But I'm gonna go look. The Cake FX from What photo did you Use on the cake? Check the cake out. Yes sir. What Picture you use on the cake? What picture did I use? Yeah. How You know I used the picture. You looking at it? No. Most, most people put pictures on birthday cakes. Now this is dope. This ain't real. This AI Bro. That's real. I Don't believe this ain't no see way you make this big ass cake.


That's ai. Oh, I thought you said it's ai 'cause you look good on it. I made it, man. Check out. Check out the rest of the page, man. Lemme see. That ain't real. I know it ain't real man cake. Bye sir. Thank you though. I mean he do make cakes though, but that don't look real. He made it just to make it. Hello? Who's This DJ Envy. Charlamagne the God Lord. Good morning. What's up my brother? What's good? How's everything y'all Listen man. How's it going man? It's been a long minute man. It's Been a long Listen, listen. First and foremost, listen. I just wanna shout out. Just hilarious man. Make God continue to bless her and, and, and, and the family with a new bundle of joy that's coming man.


And I. Just want to also shout out the whole Breakfast Club staff one time, man. Everybody behind the scenes, people don't know what it takes to keep a well or machine running such as The, Breakfast, Club. So shout out to them. Not respect You know. But Thank you Friday baby man. It's bar time. Bar time. Let's do it And check it. I said yo, it's a grind thing. Ain't been the same. Just pee catch change when you're 16. Octane out the loop. Stay low key. Stacking the stash money. ot, taking me back to mass pack on and gotta do them dirty. Lay him out for surgery. Signing the pc. The first stop in front of me. I'm slogan B. Verbal assault. Just a worker protect.


Got drums equipped with a kick. Strapped with two sticks. Taking trips, stepping a passport. They hating on a tear. Them elevating on transport. Me and diamond wrap around sweets with that good view. Vegas night waiting on that. But to come through. We comfortable after this verse, it's lights out. Can't know what they doing. Taking lay that pat route. But me. I'm for the win. Just banging out and spread. Quit campaigning outside the White House. What they talking about? O Oh og, I got some balls og. You Ready? Let's do it baby. From the Mike Rubin interview. Charla likes the hugs from the back. He liked them. Hugs like a fiend, like crack.


Ooh, we all know Charla really, really, really like the blow. I'm gonna pause all it today because tomorrow's my car show Burn boss. That's so corny. Okay, I got some. Okay. LL cool baby lying like hell saying she knew Knew. I don't know who Tell Oh. Oh I meant told oh her and she looked like Lauren L. Dunn. That's dumb. More like Lauren Warmington. Shout out To Wilmington, Delaware in the drop a bomb. Appreciate, have a good weekend. Bless it to y'all and family. All All get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got Jess with the mess with loan Osa coming up. Yes we do. We are gonna be sending a rest in piece to Beat King and getting into the Michael Rubin conversation. Alright, We'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Every morning I come in here and it's somebody trying to tell me that I'm not handsome. Why? That's facts. Well, That's love baby. That's honesty. Y'all can believe whatever y'all wanna believe. Okay. I don't need none of y'all validation. You hear me? You gotta know what energy you giving out. 'cause that's what you getting back. Okay, Nuno, that's not, that's not hate way. Lauren, remember we just said they not tearing a brother down, they just critiquing you. That's how I feel when I tell you about your bid. No, that's hate. No, that's not hate. You come in here with a half drawn on beard, that's hate.


And then wonder why people say something about it. That's critique is one time when you keep going it's hate. No. Yes. When you, when your bid look like ai, somebody needs to say something. Okay? It's not giving AI today. Yes it does. All ink. Okay. All And I done. Wiped off. Now I did Check. Now you can do fingerprints. Shut get, get to Jess with the mess with is real Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't nobody World. Why Jess World Worldwide just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, I'm back.


And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So first up and Sad News, sending a rest in peace to Beat King, who is a Houston legend producer artist. It was confirmed yesterday by his manager and then also to his girlfriend that he had passed away at this time. There is no information out there about what was the cause of death. However, there are so many people online mourning because he, which is such a big part of like that Southern sound and people's music careers for some time. You have Slim Thug who posted and said legendary Texas rapper B King and producer. Yeah. And yes, Bunbee posted and just talked about You know how it's always the good ones, how this hurts.


He was such a good spirited person. Erica Banks posted and talked about how full of life he was. And it crazy enough, he had just popped up on my timeline. I think it was like last week, he had posted a photo with his daughter. He has two daughters that he's now survived by. That's horrible. And they're older You. know what I mean? So that's gonna be tough for them to have to get through. But we had found a tweet. I'm not for sure when this was tweeted, but I was like, man, it's kind of crazy how these things happen. So B King had actually tweeted every June 27th or December 4th, I think about my legacy. I'm trying to leave. I'm not for sure why those two dates when I die. I just want B King sets played in the clubs every weekend. So make sure y'all are You know, saluting him, showing him some love playing the music.


And boy do he got some hits. Yeah, I wish we 39 years old. I wish we would've had some in his system so people could You know, understand that the, the amount of music that he produced and, and as far as DJs are concerned, I mean, we play all his records all the time. So he he'll definitely be be missed. Absolutely. Yeah. I don't know. I I didn't know that brother, but 39 years old. Me neither. Two daughters man. Rest in peace to him sending healing energy to him and his family. 39 is


Hyper Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available torn capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite choice while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive can prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Master Vandy is Dead. Then it's probable that whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your Emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll Hold featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad, Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Rusky, Leah, Daria, Leia, Solana and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick em. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, that the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the heart of America and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro er Heart's Cultura podcast that will present. I'm Philippe Esparza from television debut at Listen to NATO as part of Michael ura podcast Network in the iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany. Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bassi, Tina And again, Madonna. S Cindy on Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen in particular. Leather T Twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip. Satisfied. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is. There's so much camp potential with Him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's like you squint and everyone can be a bch. Listen to because the boss belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Greetings G and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things afterlife. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling. When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the sum looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Very, very, very, very young. Super young. My life is just getting started at 39. That's right. Yes. Yep. So moving on into other stuff. So yesterday Michael Rubin, who was up here with us in conversation, had to come on Twitter and apologize for some comments that he made while he was here. Let's take a listen to the comments first and then I'll get into the apology. So one thing I've learned about black culture that I don't like is that black hate on hate. Speak on that more. I heard you say that earlier. And I wanted you to expound on that. You said you don't like to see black people tearing down other black people. Yeah, It's horrible. Two of you guys know me pretty well. Anything I can ever help with, I'm always there. Like, why does someone wanna bring somebody else down? Let's try to build everybody up. Like I want everyone around me to do great. There's a little bit and you tell me, you guys correct me, If, you think I'm wrong?


I think there's a little bit of a black culture of like it's black hate on hate's. Like that black judge that Meek had that hated on him and wanted to put in go extra hard on him. Okay. It's like I like, it's what people always say to me. It's like black hate on hate. So I think it's terrible. I think it's something that it's, I think it's culturally wrong. And. I. I'm probably get killed for saying this 'cause You know you're You know. I'm glad you're saying it openly. If this is the conversations that are being had. I have it all the time with that. Yeah. I want to hear this. Yeah, So, so I I I think it's wrong. I think like why do you not wanna build everyone up around you? Why do you not want everyone around you to do great? So after this interview aired, of course, and he knew it. He said it. He said, I'm gonna get killed for this. That's exactly what started happening. But there were a lot of people online also too.


I thought people were agreeing with him too, with what he said as well too. But it was, it was, it was controversial, right? So Michael Rubin came out yesterday with a tweet. He said, I got a phone call from one of the people I have the most respect for in The World. They told me, while they appreciate my intention, it's not my place to speak on black culture. I get it and really appreciate the input. My intention was to say how important it is that we need to lift up, uplift each other, stop hate on each other, and push each other to win. And always root for each other's successes. My bad, much love, appreciate the feedback. And then he tagged all of us so that we saw it. And then that reignited all of the conversation about was he out of place for speaking on different things. I know Schoolboy Q had tweeted and like reposted the video and was like, I'm cool off this app.


There's no such thing as black on black anything. I'm gone. Meek also tweeted and spoke out. He said, Ruben shouldn't be saying that type of stuff out loud. A black man is supposed to, but nobody be saying it. It's like we only collab on songs, women and parties. He be hearing my friends getting murdered. Like why Meek? I can't explain it to him in a sensible way. Then Meek said, y'all let somebody paid promo video of me bunny hopping from a 5-year-old video. Silly bet. I'm a real don in the trenches and I'm a real top tier black man that get respect in the rooms of many wealthy people. It overwhelms me at times. I run away from it. The fact I got through that tweet so swiftly shout out to me. But basically Meek's point is, is like he also Meek saying he felt like Michael Rubin shouldn't have been the one that had to say it, but he did.


And he explained why, like these are the conversations we had with him. And he, he doesn't understand it because from his perspective, he wants everybody around him to win. Yeah. Meek said Michael shouldn't have said that out loud. Michael said, one of his friends called and said that wasn't his place to say. But guess what? None of those people said he lied because he didn't. Now, now I'm not into broad generalizations because we know all black people don't hate each other. We know all black people don't tear each other down. But it does happen enough for him to make that observation. And it happens enough for us to have those conversations amongst each other. And as I told him, if those are the conversations they're having in private, bring it to the forefront. We know what it is. We know why it is white supremacy. And I would rather focus on what he said, which is let's continue to push each other up.


I'd rather focus on that. Well, he, well he said it really defended Meek because he seen Meek's career and he seen how people turned on Meek from the bunny hopping thing to little him hugging little baby. And how You know we attack each other for no reason. Like there's, there's no proof that that Meek was anything but You know everybody made fun of him. You know, everybody joked him and that could hurt Meek's business. But he, what he said was absolutely positively right? Let's not sit here and say it wasn't right. It was right. Now one of the arguments that people were making when this apology got tweeted out was, well, he needs to mind his business and talk about his own people and what they have going on. And I think people took it as him saying, this only happens in black culture. And that's not what he said. So we Literally, we literally had a conversation about You know Jewish people hating on other Jewish people.


He started talking about people saying he's a bad Jew. They only took that one little clip though. That's the problem. Because how much you supposed black people. We literally had that conversation right after. Correct the the black Conversation. And I remember, because when he said it, the first thing I thought of is like, I know he not saying only we do this. And then you said that's not only in black culture. Like we went into that. We had a Whole Conversation. Yeah. So I think people missed that part. But I, like I said, I don't And I, I tweeted back to him. I don't think that what he, his his intention was not harmful at all. People are just mad at the messenger. I don't, I I don't have any problem with critique. I don't have any problem with people being held accountable if they do something foul to me, that's not hate. But we all know exactly what Michael Rubin was talking about because we talk about it amongst ourselves. Correct. And anyone who doesn't acknowledge that isn't actively trying to fix it, Well That is just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa.


All right. Now when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan, what'll be joining us is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, You are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess. Yes, sir. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So former president Donald Trump says the Biden administration's economic pro PO policies. The policies, Putah policies have totally failed. He made the comments during a news conference from Bedminster, New Jersey. Trump said, the worst is yet to come. If Kamala Harris is elected president in November, let's hear more from the former President Trump. We're a failing nation because of the way it's been run for the last three and a half years.


We're a failing nation. Kamala Harris is a radical California liberal who broke the economy, broke the border, and broke The World. Frankly, she destroys everything she touches. And if she wins, your finances in your country will never recover. You're never gonna recover. A radical left person wants to put price controls all over the place, which will end up driving up your prices, not down your prices. So Trump of course, argued that Americans are spending significantly more under the Biden Harris administration and accused the vice president of breaking the economy and the southern border. I'm just happy everybody is talking about the economy. That is what folks want to hear about the policy.


Who That's it. It, it's how are you gonna put more money in people's pockets and how you gonna keep people safe? You talking about those two issues, whoever's talking about those two issues the most, whoever's got the best plans for those two issues, that's who gonna win the election come November. But no disrespect to car sales people, but they sound like car sales people. It sounds like this is what we talk about every four years. And a lot of people, we never see changes in it. Like Yeah, but you can't, it seems like the food prices continually get high. It seems like interest rates, prices continually get high and it seems like the border never gets fixed. It seems like we talk about the same thing every four years. Yeah. But guess what people will say when, when, when Trump was in office, they felt like they had more money in their pocket. Why? Because they receive stimulus checks. Correct. Why? Because they got PPP loans. But like I keep telling them over and over, it took a global pandemic for that to people to die.


Right? People had to actually die for that to happen. Right. But you cannot ever discount how people feel. People will forget what you said. They'll forget what you did, but they'll never forget how you made them feel. People remember that feeling like they had more money in their pocket during that time. Yeah. Speaking of feelings, a lot of people are not really feeling Tim Walls. Republicans, in fact, they're calling out Harris's running mate, Minnesota governor Tim Walls over his military record while campaigning in New Kensington, Pennsylvania. Yesterday, Republican vice presidential candidate JD Vance accused walls of lying about his service in the Army National Guard. Now after going after Vice President Kamala Harris's running mate over his military record, oh, excuse me.


Let's go ahead and hear from JD Vance. Run that audio from Vance. Tim Walls said that he carried a weapon in war. He never went to war. Tim Walls said that he didn't know his unit was about to deploy to Iraq when even his own press release at the time said that he knew exactly that Tim Walls claimed to be a command sergeant Major even had it printed on his challenge coins. And he knew he never achieved that rank. Kamala Harris showing terrible judgment has decided that her way out of this political problem is to claim that she and Tim Walls are the victims. Yeah. So Walls advanced, excuse me, accused walls of inflating his credentials and claimed that he abandoned his unit ahead of deployment to Iraq.


That was in 2005 when he left the Army National Guard and decided to run for Congress. He said he advanced that he did that to avoid serving in a war zone. Now walls served in the Army National Guard for 24 years, and again, left service to run for Congress in May of 2005. Can can we, can we stop letting JD Vance and others stray away from the message Tim Walls was delivering? No. Tim Walls said those weapons of war he may or may not have carried right, should not be in the hands of civilians. Can we talk about that? The policies of, Can we talk about that? That's where that whole statement and all of this came from. But for the past week and a half, we've gotten You know, distracted talking about You know what Tim Walls may or may not have done in the military.


The, the moral of the story is, can we talk about what he was actually talking about? Which is those weapons of war that he may or may not have carried should not be in the hands of civilians And there, but there are some military members who feel like this is a case of stolen ballor You know. So I won't get too much into that. But hasn't, hasn't Donald Trump disrespected our troops at one time? Said Oh yeah. Called them Do all the time. So suckers. Losers and suckers. Yeah. Right. So What's the, I ain't gonna say what's the difference, but he's done it 10 times worse. Once again, distracted from the message. Can we talk about the fact that weapons war should not be in the hands of civilians? I was gonna say earlier, I like how he bringing it back around. I love re listen by the way, that's one of the things I love about Republicans. They will make what? Forget what you want to talk about. That's right. Forget what, you forget your issue that you wanna talk about.


You gonna talk about what we, we, we gonna make you talk about what we want you to talk about. Well, I'd like to talk about US gymnast. Jordan Childs. So she's speaking out or not so much speaking out, but breaking her silence on social media per se. Now, us gymnast Jordan Child says the decision to strip her of her bronze medal just feels unjust. She addressed the con controversy in a statement posted on social media Thursday saying, I am confronted with one of the most challenging moments of my career. On Sunday, the International Olympic Committee announced it would reallocate the four routine exercise bronze medal to the Romanian gymnast Anna Bar Bosu after ruling, after a ruling by the court of arbitration for sport.


Now the CAS found an inquiry into child's score made by the us which was submitted after the one minute deadline. However, USA gymnast gymnastics said it has video evidence that proved otherwise. But the CAS would not hear the appeal child's end statement by saying she believes the people in control will do the right thing. Now, usually in this case, I mean if it's a matter of score on the, the organization's part, that will just award both people with the medal. So I think that's the right thing to do, but we'll see what continues to transpire in regards to this. This is just a really sad situation for her because You know you, you the imagine the wave of emotions where you go up and down anyways.


Yeah, I agree with Jordan Charles, I don't understand how she got script because the judges messed up You. know what I'm saying? And then they got video proof that it was given before that, that minute mark. So it shouldn't be an issue at all. Absolutely. Yeah. Alright. And then it's in front of The World too. I, yeah. Yeah. Everybody weighing in and so You know. Yes. Well, she said she was taking a break on social media for obvious reasons for this. I bet for You know this is something that she had to address. So by The way, that don't happen in no other sport. I mean, if You know, there's plenty of times you go back and you look at a call in football or basketball or baseball and You know the call was wrong, but the game over, the game over, they got a lot of the I to play stuff. Now that they can go back and look at the camera and check out, they don't change it after the game over.


Whatcha talking about? I mean, I'm talking about when you're watching the game and there's a bad call and then everybody's seated, the ref missed the call and then once the game is over, the game is over. Right? Like you don't go back and be like, no, you don't take the win. No. Yeah, that's your front page news on Morgan Wood. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media and of course, make sure you're checking out the Black Information Network at Black Information Network. For more news coverage and live updates from the Democratic National Convention, we're headed out there. Download the free iHeartRadio app and listen or visit BN news.com. Happy Friday y'all. Alright Friday. Thank you Morgan. All right, thank you Morgan. Now, meek Mill recently said he wanted to ask Kamala a couple of questions. He said if he had a chance to sit down with her, he would ask her three questions.


So let's take it outta Meek Mill. Pause. We're asking you guys out there If. you could ask Kamala Harris one question, what would it be? You know why I like this? I like this because You know everybody says Kamala's not doing interviews. You know, even though she's busy being a vice president and running for president and she's on the ground in a lot of different places. But I like this because she will be ready for what people want to ask her. That's right. That's right. You know because we are taking our own poll from our people and she'll be ready. She'll she'll know what people want to ask her when she does get out there and start doing interviews, which will probably be after the convention. So let's do it. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you can ask Kamala Harris one question. Vice President Kamala Harris, one question, what would it be?


Call us up right now. Let's discuss. Can you ask about the Silk Press? You better not ask one of them questions. You better? You better not ask about that Silk press. Alright. Why? We need to build a wall around, around Hall Delaware. Some of y'all. Oh, some of y'all. Some of y'all. I mean, you're Negroes. Just some of y'all. Let's discuss. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club Daddy calling my phone. Phone. It's topic time. Call (800) 585-1051 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051 a week ago.


Meek Mill put it on social media that he wanted to ask Kamala Harris. Three questions. So we're taking it away from Meek Mill and asking you, If, you could ask Vice President Kamala Harris. One question, what would it be? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's start with you Lauren. What would you ask Kamala Harris? My first question I would ask her is why did it feel like she just stayed so silent and mute when Biden was the president? Like what, like what was that like instructed to her? Like did she feel like she had to? Because VP is normally a back backup situation, but like when I voted for her for Biden, I voted for Kamala Harris. Me too. And I felt like I did that because I was like, all right, he got one of us behind him. So like when he not doing what he's supposed to be doing or when somebody not saying what needs to be said or like being loud about what's happening so that the people know what's going on.


As a black woman, I just know like we just always step up and do what needs to be done. But That don't mean that wasn't happening in private. Right? But in private is different because I think people, it's politics and all that stuff, but like it's it's brand and it's optics at the same time. You're right. So the optics of it was like she was silent. She didn't press for certain things. People ask all the time, what did she do when she was actively doing things? But even though That's what you want in the vice president, you want your vice president to be to be quiet. I feel you. But we were in different times. Like I think we were in different times. Number one, And, I. Think The World is just different now. The way people talk around politics and within politics is different. And just, I don't know, like I was so excited to see her get in there and just be who she is right now. Like literally, I, I kind of like, in the beginning was like, I don't think she needs to run.


Like I don't think this's gonna happen. And now I'm like, yo, we needed her before we need a buy in. Right? I mean, the one question I would ask is about inflation, right? And, and the cost of goods and, and the supply chain has risen so high. I just wanna know how can we are not forecasting what's going on, right? We see everything in the future, right? Pe people plan for years ahead. The feds You know, adjust interest rates to what they think is gonna happen. And with You know inflation, the way that has hit and affected people and, and people are losing jobs and people can't afford food and, and the prices of food and goods are so expensive, how can we can't forecast that? And what do we do to prevent that? Right? 'cause a lot of people can't eat because they can't afford it. You know, a lot of people have to decide if they're going to eat or pay their their rent.


A lot of people are gonna decide, or they're going to eat or be able to take transportation to get to work. And why can't we forecast that we send billions and billions and billions of dollars to other nations, billions of dollars to other countries, billions of dollars to other things when we have our own problem, what are we gonna do in You know, a a four year period to, I mean we, it can't all be fixed, but to try to prevent as much as possible that, that we help people. And this has been a problem from, since I could remember since I even started looking at politics that You know inflation and people not, not eating, but we find all this money to send to all these foreign countries feel, bro, we Dropping out the sky when there's something wrong. Right? But when it comes to, to helping our own, what's, what's the problem? Charlamagne, what would you ask?


Oh, I'm not telling y'all what I would ask because You know. Are you speaking at the DNC? I'm not speaking at the D nnc. Oh, okay. But You know you probably, I don't know, maybe we'll get a chance to actually have a conversation with her. I mean, it's not like we haven't interviewed her two times already. I've interviewed her three times in my life. But I mean, what you just said about inflation, You know what, what people don't even realize now. Or maybe they do or maybe they don't or maybe they don't care. I don't know. Inflation is actually down. But it's a handful of big corporations who control the food industry and they're keeping prices high because they know that they can. Right? So what you see now is you see a lot of these politicians calling them out. You see Democrats and you see Republicans, You know calling them out, calling them out. It's just a matter of You know who is actually gonna make You know these corporations who's actually gonna force these corporations to bring down their cost. So I love what we're doing right now because we're going through the phones and we're actually listening to what the people want to ask who could potentially be our future leader.


Right. Hello, who's this? This is Jeff from East Stars New Jersey. Hey, Jeff from Jersey. Talk to us. If. you got a chance to ask vice President Kamala Harris. One question. What would it be? Mo Mo she know what Jamaica's national dishes. What? So with everything going on, The World, I want know Go ahead. Knows what? Jamaica's national dishes. Oh, she knows what Jamaica's national dish is? Yes. That's what, that's what you would ask the president. You could ask anything in The World and you would ask about Jamaican's National. Am I Missing something? Yeah. Because because her, her Jamaican authenticity is, our authenticity is being questioned. Bro, I know what Jamaica's national dish is. Is it? Eros? Ain't no damn Atail. Aki Aki and Salt fish.


Salt. He Aki and salt fish Ey and salt fish. Ian Salt? Yes. Oh, that sounds Good. Hey man, get off my phone, You. Know what I'm saying? This is why we can't, this is why we don't deserve nice things. This is why. Now we have this on line six. What's your name? Hey, what's your name? My name Netty. Hey Netty. Good morning If. you could ask Vice President Kamala Harris. One question, what would it be? Ah, Man. Nah, dj. I ain't really into politics, so you called me out on that. I was just calling him to what's Up? Hey man, we don't got nobody monitoring the phone. Nobody vetting these calls, man. What? What's going on y'all? I mean, As a person that's not into politics because I feel like, like she, that's the people she should be sleeping.


She just calling. Yeah, she, you gotta get these people back. These people been asleep. They On the couch. Yeah, but I know, but I want to talk to people who at least are aware enough to, to want to watch. So people I seen, seen You, know what I'm saying? Like, or Fox, like they don't even know what's going on. Hello? Who's this? They Know what they're going through though. Hello? Hey, who's this? This is Courtney from New York. Courtney from New York. If, you had a chance to ask a Kamala Harris one question. What would it be? Well, as an immigration lawyer, the one thing I wanna know is what is she going to do to reform our nation's liberal immigration laws? Like right now, the way the law is written, if a alien shows up at the border and say, Hey, if I go back home, they going to kill me or beat me up because I'm light-skinned.


The government Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions.


Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide an owner's manual. For additional information. Always secure cargo. In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the heart of America and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro er Heart's Cultura podcast that will present, I'm from television debut.


Listen to as part of Michael Cultura podcast network in LA iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white, and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Master Vandy is Dead. Then it's probable that whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your Emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll hold Featuring the star-studded talents of Michael Yuri, Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad, Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Ruski, Leah, Daria, Leia, Solana, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry.


Lick them. Lick those Toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. If Someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany. Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bossi, Tina And again, Madonna. Cindy on Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen in particular. Leather twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip sass. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon.


We know that he is. There's so much camp potential with Him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's like you squint and everyone can be a birch. Listen to because the boss belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Greetings, ghouls and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand.


Some will be unsettling. When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you At some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you live and get your podcasts I to let them into the country to pursue their asylum application.


So what is she going to do to reform that law? Right now, the Biden administration has a section eight C FFR 2 0 8 point 33, which basically says you have to call ahead to apply for asylum and If. you don't do it. You're gonna be turned away, which is brilliant. So I wanna know, what is she going to do to make that regulation law? Thank you brother. Now why we ain't Lead with this brother? That was a very I see you mean. I see what you mean. My sister was cleaning her kitchen. You heard her? She was cleaning her kitchen. We was on speaker. She said, I just called to say, Hey, I'm going to random people on hold with 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If.


you could ask Vice President Kamala Harris. One question, what would it be? Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Solaris Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Now we have Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you could ask Vice President Kamala Harris. One question, what would it be? Hello, who's this?


Hello, my name is Tolu. Hey Tolu. Good morning. Good morning. If. you could ask Kamala Harris one question. What would it be, sir? My question is, is honestly I just wanna make a statement to just please end the genocide in Gaza and give for the two state solution. That's pretty much it. Okay. Alright. But thank you sir. Thank You. Have a nice day. So, So, so it would be a statement, not a question. That's what you would say to her. It'll be a statement. Oh yes, please. Because I really want to do what I can to end this war before we have started World War iii. So I really do would appreciate If you pass that along, sir. Okay. So the two best questions we've had so far are the issues which we know Border Security Palace Palestine in Israel.


And I'm sure that people will have questions about the economy. Let's keep going to the folks. Hello. Who's this? It's D coup. What's going on man? D coup. What's up brother, Man, much. I wanna ask Ms. Harris, why is her so big? Why's what? What? Where's her next? Oh, have a blessed day, man. Yo, yo, yo. We We always saying which, what the, what does she do for black people? And blah, blah, blah. And then we call up and ask about The next You know when I hear calls like that You know what I think. Build the wall, right? Build the wall for people like that. Quay, good morning. Hey, good morning Quay. Good morning. Question. What would you ask Kamala Harris? One question you would ask Kamala Harris.


I would ask her what is she going to do to regulate inflation for middle class? Especially being that the president can't tell, tell a business what they can and cannot charge. Mm. So that's what I would wanna know. I like that. Thank you. That's a good question. That's a good question. Yes. Alicia? Good morning, Alicia. Good morning. We're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you could ask Vice President Kamala Harris. One question, what would it be? I wanna know when she is going to come out and talk to the African American people and not give us no twerking or no livestreams with these kids. You said when she's gonna do what now?


When is she going to come out and speak to the African-American people and not cander to us with a little bit of twerking and last dreams? Well, I think that we gotta be realistic here and say that that has only happened one time that happened in Atlanta when Megan thee stallion performed. She's done about seven or eight rallies since then and there's been no twerking. It's just been her talking to the people that happened once. Yeah, But I don't think that's a, listen, that wasn't the right way to approach us. Listen, especially for me, I, I agree with you. I I, I think they should have just had Megan Thee stallion come out there and You know, just, just give a speech, talk to You, know women's reproductive rights and You know women being in control of their bodies.


I don't think, but we shouldn't, we, We, I don't think she was needed. I think Kamala was needed. I don't think any of 'em was needed. Even the cast in that performance was, I needed to, Well, once again, she's given about seven or eight of those same, she's had about seven or eight of those same rallies since then. And there ain't been no rappers, there ain't been no twerking, hasn't been none of that. It's just been her. Well, thank you mama. Hello. Who's this Three? Hey, good morning. Good morning. Now If, you could ask Vice President Kamala Harris. One question, what would it be? I would ask her what plans or procedures does she propose to put in place to protect union workers in the future since You know Project 2025 is, and You know basically the, the Republican Party is trying to attack union workers.


How would she protect them in the future? Great question. Great question. Thank You. Alright, well thank you mama. No problem. One more call. And please also remember that Donald Trump gutted federal employee unions too. Just wanna throw that out there. Hello? Who's this? Clark Clark. What's up brother If? you could ask Vice President Kamala Harris. One question. What would that one question be, bro? One question would be, well it's a two-part question actually. But seeing that Trump did pull all those antics back on January 6th, what was her plan, her invited plan to be with the county certifying officials to make sure that we don't get another January 6th happening this time.


The second part. There you go. Question is Charlemagne, can I get a Book? Yes, I got you on the book. And I think that is a fantastic question to ask. 'cause what I keep telling people over and over is that when November comes around and let's just say the vice president does win, Donald Trump's cronies all across the country are probably gonna refuse to certify the results of an election. He's gonna challenge the results of the election, it's gonna go to his Supreme Court. And in light of all the recent ruling that the Supreme Court has done, I have no doubt in my mind that they're gonna try to overturn the results of, of, of this, of this election. So I think that is a fantastic question to ask. Alright, well, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


What is the moral of the story? There is no moral of the story. Those are great questions. We need to crowdsource those. Get, get, go, get. There's about, there was about six or seven great questions, right? That I'm sure that after the, the convention and Kamala Harris, the vice president starts doing interviews. Should we be asked those things? What's Gonna be the first platform you think she hits? That's a good question. I don't know. I really don't. She did she put something out on her YouTube yesterday though with her and Tim Walls? They, they were having a conversation, but I I don't, haven't seen that. Really? She can't pick up any traction. She can't do that. Yeah. It can't be her and no, no person to push back. I don't know. That's a good question. I don't know who her first, first, first hit will be. All right, well we got just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? Yes, we do. We are gonna get into Matthew Perry. There were people arrested following his death.


Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yes. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren Loosa. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Hilarious. Jess is on maternity leave. She didn't have that baby ever right? Not that I know of. She was having contractions yesterday though. I seen on, I saw her in the, she was in the doctor's office dancing and not like us while she was having contractions. Yeah. Ooh. But yes, our good sister. Just hilarious. And I. Want to, I wanna tell everybody in Monks corner, South Carolina, my hometown. Tomorrow I'm, I got my ninth annual back to school driving fish fry from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM You know we got the free backpacks out there. The free haircuts, free fried fish.


Okay. I got the mini Mart, Caribbean grocery. They'll be out there with the Jamaican food truck with the free Jamaican food and all that good stuff. A lot of local vendors will be on site. So from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM in the Berkeley High School student parking lot. My ninth annual back to school drive and fish fry. So I'll see y'all tomorrow. That's right. And If, you are in the Tri-state area. You know I bring my car show to New York. It's the sixth annual car show. And I. Can't wait to see you guys. All types of cars. I know. We got cars from Cardi B French Montana. Offset a Boogie 50 cent CashCo Band, bass swag. And we do everything for the kids. So there's a, a a kid zone with jumpy rise obstacle courses, face painting, all kids If, you are there, you get free haircuts.


We'll be giving away backpacks for school. So I can't wait to see you guys a bar. It's a family fun day. So bring your parents, bring your aunts, bring your nephews, your nieces and your kids. We're gonna have a lot of fun. So absolutely can't wait to see you guys. You know I wanna salute, I wanna salute South Carolina State University. Drop on includes bonds from South Carolina State University. You know I have my Ford Family Scholarship Foundation set up at South Carolina State University. That's my mother's alma mater. Yep. And the National Alumni Association. They recently announced the first two recipients of my Ford Family Foundation scholarship. So I wanna say congratulations to Kiaa Branch. Nice. Okay. And Talia Taylor, are they from South Carolina or they could be from anywhere.


Of course they both from South Carolina, Orangeburg and Columbia respectively. Okay. Yes. Alright. Yes. Alright. Now we got just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? We do, We're gonna get into Matthew Perry. They made arrests, they arrested four people in charge them with conspiracy to distribute ketamine for his death. So we're gonna have a conversation about That. Now, Matthew Perry was the, he was found friends actor he found was found dead in his pool. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was his jacuzzi. Jacuzzi. Yeah. Okay, we'll get into that when we come back. It's the breakfast local Morning. Morning everybody. Iste J Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to it. Just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying do she don't spell nobody.


Why? Just world mess on The. Breakfast Club. The Lauren Lauren Osa And I got the mess. Talk to me. So I wanna update. When we came into this, this rumor, I said the four people had been arrested. They had been charged. So tho those arrests are will happen soon. So basically you guys remember Matthew Perry, who friends actor, he drowned in his jacuzzi. It came out when they did the, the toxicology report that he had drugs in his system. He had a drug called Ketamine in the system. So the people that were arrested were two medical doctors. Matthew Perry's assistant that lived with him and a woman that called herself the Ketamine queen.


So they were charged with conspiracy to distribute ketamine, distribution of ketamine resulting in death and bodily injury. And some people, some of those people now are facing anywhere from 15 to 25 years for this. So Matthew Perry had been getting ketamine infused therapy for anxiety and depression. But when he passed away and they did the toxicology report, they determined that number one, the last therapy session he had was like a week and a half prior to his death. So there was no way that the recent drugs were from that treatment. It had to be something new. So that triggered the investigation to figure out like You know who was selling him the drugs, who's responsible. So from this now you have multiple agencies that do a search warrant. They go through people's computers, phones, they're all throughout You know these, these people's homes of course.


And they find a bunch of different stuff. They find text messages and some of the text messages. They're actually talking about selling him the drugs, how much he would spend. The day that Matthew Perry actually passed away, the ketamine queen text some people and said delete our texts. We have a, a brief click from the brief clip from the presser. I want you guys to hear. Following Mr. Perry's death in October of last year, law enforcement, my office and our partners represented on this stage began an in-depth wide ranging investigation. That investigation has revealed a broad underground criminal network responsible for distributing large quantities of ketamine to Mr. Perry and others.


This network included a live-in assistant, various Go-Betweens, two medical doctors and a major source of drug supply known as quote the ketamine queen. We charged five defendants in this matter. These defendants took advantage of Mr. Perry's addiction issues to enrich themselves over two months from September to October, 2023. They distributed approximately 20 vials of ketamine to Mr. Perry in exchange for $55,000 in cash. Jesus. I always wondered You know. I'm glad you said that though. 'cause I'm always, I always wondered how did they find the drug dealers? Like how did they track the drugs back to the dealers? And. I always wonder It that they track.


Yeah they track it back. So when the charges come down, I mean first of all, when a death like this happens, especially a big celebrity, they begin to track it back. Who was he talking to? Somebody had to be supplying 'em because Matthew Perry isn't just popping up and going and doing certain things. Right. And once they track it back, there's trails. So you get the, the assistance records. The assistant is having conversations with people like they had a drug broker in this. I've never heard of that. That's some rich stuff. Have this Always been happening or is this a new thing? Because back in the day you heard of people overdosing, but you never heard about the dealers getting arrested or, I always felt like I've only heard about it when it comes to celebrities. Like I know that happened with Mac Miller, like I've only ever heard about it when it comes to celebrities. I don't know how this works for regular people, but, Well, not only that, You know with, with the assistant You know because if you're addicted to drugs and you want that drug, whether my assistant gets it or I'm gonna drive out and get it myself, you want that drug.


Right. Or was she making profit off of it or You know? I mean they were making profit profit off of it. But yes, he wanted it. But the thing, the way that the police are, are kind of positioning, this is like he was going through a really tough time between I think it was like September and October and during that time, yeah, so from September to October 28th, 2023, which is when he passed away, he was going through a really tough addiction time and they took advantage of it. That's how they're positioning it. So they wanted to find out like who took advantage, what was sold to him. And the ke the ketamine queen lady, I believe her first name is pronounced Javin. She actually sold him the fatal dose of the ketamine that the one that actually killed him, like from what they're saying, she Got charged in murder.


So she, I know she can face up to 25 years. I'm not for sure. I'm not for sure like how that goes into murder and like how the charges are. The only charges I saw were the two announced in the beginning. But when the charges came down, of course they were arrested then They're not arrested down. They bonded out but she pleaded not guilty to the charges. So it's Also the drug that excites authorities, right? Like fentanyl, ketamine, those are the things that go after her. Oh Yeah. And lemme tell you, when they went insist house the ketamine queen, she had like so much in her house. So they found 80 vials of ketamine. Thousands of thousand like thousands of whatever of meth pills, Coke, Xanax and other drug paraphernalia like they found. And even her text Messages question and And, I don't know much about those drugs.


What is ketamine? Do you sniff it? Do you take it, do you inhale it? So ketamine, do you give yourself a shot? What? What is it? It's infused in different things, but the biggest thing that you would know ketamine for is like people use it when they're putting you under for anesthesia. So what they're saying is Matthew Perry was actually taking enough that like it was the same amount that you would use when you're going under like a, a low level of like anesthesia. Like gotcha. So it's ki and and and that's why they're saying like he took it, he was in his pool or his jacuzzi. He went out and then he drowned. Gotcha. They got rectal ketamine too. Did you Google that or did you already Ha You knew that in your mind. But did You know about that already? Yeah. You tried it before? I knew that. You tried before. They call it a plugging drug.


Used it before. Okay. I'm not making this up. Yo, you can look it up. I know, but you've used It before. And I. I, I trust your sources 'cause I'm sure they're pretty close to your rectal. No, that's why I don't try to educate Negros. Build a wall. Build a wall. Mad. We don't wanna learn about Rectal plug rectal. I'm just adding to ke Have you used it before? Do do they put one finger to like have they put it up there? Build the wall? Well we are gonna go, Can we build the wall? Okay, build the wall already. Right? You have to back it up to that Wall. Right. Thank God people don't overdose on crack. Is the moral of the store that can you, I don't know. I also feel like that was just dark. What?


I don't I'm sure you can overdose on crack. I feel Like you can overdose on any drug. Right? Let see how big this wall should be. Yes, you can overdose on, I'm sure you I I don't get into drugs. And, I never sold drugs. I don't know. Should I do two walls? Two walls? I just one big one for both of y'all. No two. Two of 'em. Build the wall man. We already matching. So can My wall be like the walls in a loft so I can put like really good photos on them? I do a lot of photo shoots. Can I have a glass wall so I can see out? I don't want to talk. It is enough. Alright, well Charlamagne, who would you like to give your donkey to this morning? I'm coming back to back. Okay. You like back to Back. Everything with you is about to back today. Talking about ain't no plugging and all.


Let's go. Yo Red throwing some be king. Let's see what the Back do. Back that ass up play juvenile niggas. I'll wait for you to pull juvenile out. Hey man, what you wanna talk about? Let's go back. Back. Build that wall so he can throw your one and give you a Wallet. Listen up please. Y'all not growing up, not growing up. We need Judge Ken of King to come to the front of the congregation again. Yes. He doubled down. No he didn't double down. But You know there's an update into the story in the situation. You know he's the judge in Detroit who put that poor 16-year-old girl in handcuffs and jail clothes just 'cause she fell asleep on a damn field trip. But there's an update on the story. We'll talk about it when we come back. Alright, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same.


Charlamagne. Some donkey days just saw themselves. I been watching Charla man was ready for it. Donkey. Donkey. I never heard on donkey other day. What is it? I'm a donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Everything. And Char saying is true. Yes, donkey. Today for Friday, August 16th, back to back goes to Judge Ken of King. Okay. Again. Now yesterday I gave Judge Ken of King Donkey today because there was a young 16-year-old girl who was on a field trip in his courtroom and she kept falling asleep. So because she kept falling asleep on a bill trip, this fool judge Ken of King ordered her to wear jail clothes and handcuffs for no reason at all.


Okay, can we play the original news report from ABC seven New York please. One thing You'll learn about my courtroom is that I'm not a toy. I'm not gonna be played with What started out as an informational field trip with the greening of Detroit nonprofit. Tuesday to the 36th District court in front of Judge King. Quickly turned into Judge King getting visibly agitated over a sleeping student. In his courtroom, he Fall asleep in my courtroom one more time and put me in the back. Judge King had her removed from the courtroom, but he told me that didn't fix her quote attitude. And that's when he pulled out the jail uniform and handcuffs. King says he was trying to teach the teenager a lesson on behavior and respect in court.


I haven't been disrespected like that in a very long time. Oh Please. He then threatened the girl with jail time. I'm gonna go to sleep tonight while you're sitting in the juvenile detention facilities. Was I really going to do that? Probably not. Could I have probably so Legendary sucker status Judge Kenneth King, fragile ego disrespected. You got disrespected because she was tired. What you mad for? Lead with love. Not fearful. Yesterday I said this man showed no empathy for this 16-year-old young lady. If she kept falling asleep in court, clearly something is wrong. Instead of jumping to, she's not respecting me. And she needs to know. This is nothing to play with. This is not a joke. Instead of jumping to all that, how about find out what's wrong? Show some compassion, some concern.


And I said yesterday that we don't know what this young lady is dealing with. The example I gave was she might be the oldest sibling who had to stay up all night watching her youngest siblings because her mom, who was a single parent, had to work all night. Those, that's the example I gave. Well, guess what? Her mother La Latori till drop on a cruise bonds for Latori till who was extremely distraught and rightfully so. She Gave


hibernation. Season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan. Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany. Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bassey, Tina And again, Madonna, Sion, Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen In particular. Leather twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip sass. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is. There's So much camp potential with Him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's like you squint and everyone can be a bch. Listen to because the boss belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the heart of America and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro er Heart's Cultura podcast that will present I'm Esparza from television debut. Listen to as part of Michael ura podcast Network in the iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Master Vandy is dead. Then it's probable that whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll Hold featuring the star-studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad Oscar, Nathan Lee Graham, Seth Rusky, Leah Daria, Leah Solana and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick them. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay as part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Greetings, ghouls and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling. When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The Things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely Demonic, But all of them will be totally true, true. Listen to haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


A statement to ABC seven and spoke to why her daughter kept falling in a falling asleep in court. Let's listen. That mom says she was horrified to see her daughter in handcuffs and says, judge King didn't have the full story. Would you want someone to treat your child like that? Would you even treat your child like that if he fell asleep in the courtroom? Latoya Hill is a single mother of two children, including her oldest daughter, Eva Goodman. She signed her up for a summer program with the Greening of Detroit nonprofit to keep her busy what was supposed to be an educational field trip to 36 District Court Tuesday turned into a traumatizing experience for both of them. Judge Kenneth King not liking Eva's attitude and seeing her falling asleep, placing her in handcuffs and a jail uniform.


Latoya says Eva was falling asleep because the family does not have a permanent residence at the moment. They're just trying to make ends meet. I'm a single mother. I'm trying my best. So the fact that he was talking about you go home and get in your bed. How do You know my baby got a haw? How do You know my baby got a bed, her own bed that she can sleep in? She don't have that right now. Line Judge Kenneth King up for the fade, man. Okay, if it's one thing people in this country going to do is criminalize poverty and blackness. All right. Single mother didn't have a place to stay. Mother doing her best, trying to do her best for her daughter. That's why this situation pisses me off because Judge Kenneth King is black, okay? This young girl is black.


How you don't see your daughter in this young girl, your niece, your little sister? I just don't understand how humans don't recognize the humanity in other people. Okay? As soon as I heard this story, I said to myself, there's no way in hell that young girl was falling asleep over and over for no reason. Then this judge had the nerve to say he wants to mentor the young girl and he reached out to the family. Nah, bro. Like I said yesterday, why would she want you as a mentor when you have already shown you don't care about what she may be going through? Now I also said yesterday, there should be consequences to repercussions for the trauma. Judge Kenneth King caused this young lady, I don't know, You know what that would look like. You know. I don't know if it would be suspended without pay removed from the bench. I don't know what discipline would look like in this situation.


I actually want the young lady's family to sue. They should be compensated. Okay? Judge Kenneth King should be disciplined and this young lady should be compensated. Compensated. Well, one of those things has happened. Judge Kenneth King had to be removed from the bench. Let's go back to ABC seven for the report please. We begin tonight with a Detroit judge off the bench after sparking outrage across the country. Seven News Detroit broke that story that led to the removal of Judge Kenneth King. The team he punished for falling asleep in his courtroom during a field trip, ended up in handcuffs and jail clothes. Well, tonight her mom is speaking out about the action taken against the judge and the impact of all this on her daughter. So now Judge King is temporarily removed from the docket and that teenager's mom says it's the first step in their own sense of justice.


Don't play with a mother upset mother because you told my daughter don't play with you in your courtroom. And so you can't play with the citizens of Detroit and a upset mother. Mm. Detroit Police also do confirm that Judge King has been receiving death threats and they are investigating in Detroit. I'm Ru ols Sonida seven News Detroit Man dropping a cruise bombs for that man being removed. Okay, good. They might have a case there. They definitely got a case. What is it? Mental distress or emotional Distress. Emotional distress. Yes. He needs to be removed. Okay? If your ego is that fragile that a young woman falling asleep in your courtroom on a field trip causes you to put her in handcuffs and jail clothes, then you don't need to be a judge.


I also don't understand how he was able to do that when this young lady didn't even commit any kind of crime. Like he had the nerve to say I wanted, I wanted just to look and feel very real to her, even though there's probably no real chance of me getting no real chance of me putting her in jail. Okay? Judge Ken King will continue to get paid while he is off the bench. I don't think he should get paid. I think that he should be removed without pay. 'cause I want this removal from the bench to feel very real to him, even though there's probably no real chance of him getting fired. Listen, the moral of the story is empathy is the most essential quality of civilization. And Judge Ken of King, you are moving quite uncivilized. Please give Judge Ken of King the biggest.


He haw again. How? Let Remy ma give him the biggest hee-haw Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid Mother. Are You dumb? And Laroy, what's her name? What's the mom's name? Laroy Till, did I pronounce that right? Oh, yes. Latori Till she need Now y'all be setting up GoFundMe for all kind of stupid stuff. Latori till you need to set up some type of GoFundMe or something. For Sure. You. know what I mean? You know. I was just thinking that. Like, I wonder who gonna hit her up and try to just help out. I I would right now, I would absolutely throw her something a hundred percent LA to tell that And I. See, she needed to set up a GoFundMe because You know it, it it, it pains me to hear when she said the judge told her, I'm gonna sleep good in my bed tonight.


And she's like, hot. And she said she don't even got a bed to go home to sleep in. Oh my God. Jesus. Come on man. Come on man. Jesus. All right, well thank you for the donkey of the day. Now when we come back, Lauren LaRosa behind the scene was talking cornball behavior. Now where did this come from? So this came from a couple things that I seen online. So I had saw a video of Lala Milan. You guys know the Instagram influencer, actress comedian. Her kid's fa her, her kid, her son's father posted a video. I don't know if they're still together or not, but he had posted a video and he was live in the video or whatever. He didn't post it. He was live. And people were asking him how did they meet and how did they go down and did she slide in his dms or vice versa?


And he was like, no, she slid in mine and he turned his phone to the camera to show the DM and then to show like where the conversation came from. She had like slid in his DM after like he posted a video of him like doing something with basketball or whatever. And I'm like, that's so corny. Like why The World? Like if she slid in your DM or whatever, like why The World gotta know that and why, what, what point you trying to prove and why? So, and, and a lot of people were upset, like there were a lot of women like, yo men will embarrass you. This is the sassiest thing I ever seen. And we also saw that this week with Kalani's kid's father who posted text messages between 'em. Now hiss was a little different 'cause he was doing that to, to basically show or attempt to show that what she was alleging of him was not true. So I think that there's a fine line between Sassy And.


I might need to protect myself a little bit, allegedly. Okay, so What's the question? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the question? Why ain't nobody in her dms? That's what Lauren wanted. Who? dms? Shut up babe. What? You know what's going on over here? I'm sorry. I ain't even say nothing. You did, You did just say something. He don't Even remembering I said that Out loud. You, it, it's such, it's like man math. Like you don't remember what you just said. I said something For Real. Did he say what's the question? Because If you gohan you can hear. You gotta learn to ignore him. What's the question? The question is, is it corny for a man to screenshot and expose your dms, whether y'all together or not, but especially after y'all. Not together. Alright, let's corny, let's discuss when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And if you're just joining us, she was talking cornball behavior. Now Lauren LaRosa, what were you talking about? Cornball Behavior. So there is a video from a few days ago of la la la la la la la la la Milan's kid's father. And he was live and people were asking him questions about the relationship. And the conversation went to who slid in, who's dm. So he revealed that she slid in his dm and not only did he just say it, which I would've been fine with, he turned his phone to show her like the dm. And it's like, why did you have to do, like that's corny. Why did you have to do that? And then we know this week Kalani's kid's father also posted some screenshots to You know try and clear his name amongst the, like the paperwork that was filed against him in court.


So people are online like You know, posting screenshots no matter the situation is sassy behavior. So that's what you feel? I don't feel like that. I feel like if it's a situation, like I got a brother. So if if if my brother is in a relationship with somebody and it go left and things are being claimed or whatever and he You know what I mean? He feels as if he needs to speak out and clear whatever or do whatever with screenshots to speak on his own behalf, do that. But I do feel like if we are dating or we are not dating or we've done whatever together and you out showing phone conversations and then posting it, that's corn as like, Yeah, I think all of that you Shouldn't kiss And tell. I think screenshots are corny. I think sharing voice notes is corny. Like I I it's funny you bring that up 'cause I was talking about this yesterday, like there's stuff people be flexing with on social media.


It's like I could flex if I wanted to. I'm just saying like with screenshots and voice notes based on who hits me up. But it's just like why? Like, I, I just don't understand the point. What is is the purpose now to what you said about You know If, you trying to protect yourself? Yeah. Yeah. You know for evidence, but just to be showing stuff for show and tell. What's the point? Yeah. I don't think, I don't think she was talking about screenshots of, of a conversation with a celebrity. I think it was more of people protecting themselves. Right? But I, but I, but okay, so but to, to the point, right? There's an element of that because he, I didn't know who he was before Lala Milan popped out with him. And maybe some people did, but I know I didn't. I'm And I know in my group chats, we all were like, where did she find him at? I don't understand the point of him showing people, of him showing people that.


'cause who was he? Who was he proving it to? But Who was he proving it to? But also too, it kind of gives like You know she got this audience and You know she got this whatever. So you knew this was gonna be a conversation. It's like, is that what you, that's what you need for Every, everybody wants attention. Yes. I I'm not, it just feels like And I don't know. But it was given that you want the attention. Like why would you? I'm confused. And, I'm not speaking to him specifically. I'm just speaking in general. If, you have a social media platform nine times outta 10. You have the, you have it because you want attention. Like why, why else would you have an Instagram page? Why else would you have a Facebook? Why else would you have a Twitter? You have, when you post things, you want to get as much attention as possible when you go live, you don't want to just be talking to five people. You want a bunch of people to see it. But you And, I, both know, even if somebody posts a screenshot, people are gonna believe what they wanna believe regardless.


'cause If, you post a screenshot, they'll be like, you doctored the screenshot If you post a a, a video. They'll say it is ai. It's not really that person. You doctored things. People are gonna believe what they wanna believe. And what people has to stop doing is stop trying to prove themselves to people who don't give a FA. That's what I be saying. Like what, what, who are you trying to prove something to? Like it don't matter. Like that's what I be wondering. Like who are you trying to prove something to? You got you, you and Lala together You know how it happened, right? Why do you gotta convince everybody? And that's my point. It's like, carry it. Like, I, like, I feel like it's way more attractive when, oh, that's a lie. It's way more attractive when you hold it down. Like, nobody needs to know what happened between closed doors. They know what happened. They got a baby together. We know something happened. We, we obviously know that. So I mean he was getting a ate up online.


But This is, this is a Horrible, like they were calling him sassy. It's a horrible place recently where it is like, I feel like men don't be men in anymore. Like men will be, men are grown, men are tape conversations and put it out, grow men a a a screenshot stuff and, and put it out. Men are not men in anymore. And it is crazy to me. And we allowed, men are not men in anymore. Men ain't never really been men though if we being honest. We keep saying that. But honestly man, men been bitches for a long time. Right? By the way, I don't even like to say men been bitches because when you say bitches, you think women, I know a lot of, I know way more thorough women than I do men. I know way more thorough women that I know will hold it down. They not gonna share no screenshots, ain't gonna share no voice notes. They not doing none of that.


The women, I be around way more thorough than some of these dudes I be knowing. Okay, that's just the reality. But how do men feel when that happens to y'all? Like, I mean, I don't, you guys, it's diff y'all are different 'cause you guys are married, But Oh, I hate, I think it's, I think it's legendary Suck status. Like just like a work situation or like whatever. Like it's Like he said, it's legendary sucker status. I'll never look at that person the same or anything that he does the same because I know where his heart is. You know what I mean? It's just certain rules that You know is it is the man code. It's just certain things you don't wanna do. 'cause you, you, you don't want sucker behavior. And when you see sucker behavior, you just don't respect it. I've had people You know you having a phone con. I've, I've had somebody record me on a phone conversation. We, we, I'm, I'm thinking we having a conversation. I, by the way, I didn't even really know this dude like that, but we're having a conversation and he put it up online. Like, why do people think that's okay?


So that's why you don't answer the phone for everybody. Right? That's why you don't return to everybody's text message because people are using all of this for content nowadays. My Manager always say to me, call. Don't text that, call And I. Be like, for real. And I won't even call, call anymore. And. I'm not talking to nobody. I really don't have no business talking to. How about that? That's what you got managers for. That's what you got agents for. Right? That's why you gotta be buffers. Yeah. And you and and back in the day, I used to think people was mad bougie for doing that. Yes. Now I totally understand why you got mad buffers. And people don't understand when you be like, Hey, let me send you this email to talk to this person. Because them buffers, they, they save you from a lot. But in a relationship, I feel like if I'm a, if I'm supposed to like maybe La Milan don't care about this.


I haven't seen anything from her as of now. But if she does care, I know for me I would've been like, that's corny bro. Like why did you, right. Well, let's, let's go to the phone lines. A lot of people on the line. We got Sarah on the line. Sarah, good morning. Good Morning. Hey, what, what's your thoughts? You think it's corny? Yeah, because like why would you sit here and try to expose somebody now? Like If, you are in a relationship with somebody that's completely outta line. I don't know. And today's day pool is just, it is weird. I mean, it's almost like back in the day when I'd be like, oh, You know I got number, this, that, and the third. But you You know some go down You know what it is. You know what it feel like. It feel like smell my finger.


What? Because even back then smell my finger was corny too. You know what I'm saying? You a guy, you get a little finger and you run to all other dudes. Smell my finger. Smell my finger. That's what it feel like when you just showing off screenshots. That's like the digital smell of my finger. It don't feel like that. I mean, I, I get what you're saying. Yeah, I think that was before me. How old are you? All right. 846 5 85 1 what? 805 85 1 5. Are you acting like you didn't know? You acting like that ain't never happened to you. You ain't never had a homeboy run up on you and say, smell my finger. Hit his finger. The girl, I'm laughing 'cause it's been so long, but I was like, but that's the equivalent of that You know how nasty. We always smell it to be like, but that's my point. That's like what was wrong with us.


But that's the equivalent of that. So it's like humans have been doing this type of stuff. That was corny. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about is this corny, corny behavior or not? Cornball behavior. If you share screenshots. Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, corny, everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess now. If, you just join us. We're talking about cornball behaving now. This comes from where Lala Milan's kid's dad went online and was talking about, I guess, how they met and people were asking who shot the shot at who. And he started talking about how she shot his shot, her shot at him first in the DM and then proceeded to show the dm.


Mm. And it's just, he it's it's just, it's too much SAS for me. People in the chat are trying her and says, nobody's business. Ain't everybody. Business people want validation. Validation from others and not keeping it pee. Matthew Mc Fool says, I ain't got time for this. Okay,


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the senior you have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Master Vandy is dead. Then it's probable that whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your Emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll Hold featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth RedSky, Leah Deia, Laia Langa and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick them. Lick Those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


If Someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany. Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bassey. Tina and again, Madonna. Cindy on Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen in particular. Leather twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip. Satisfied. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us, A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is. There's so much camp potential with Him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's Like you squint and everyone can be a bch. Listen to because the boss belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the heart of America and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro er Heart's Cultura podcast that will present I'm spar from television debut.


Lexi, listen to NA as part of Michael Cultura podcast network in the iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


Greetings, GULs and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling. When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The Things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Def oh Silver Nexus says, depends on the nature of the screenshot and the value of the recipient. I agree with that. But let's go to the four lines. Oh, what does that mean though? The value of the recipient? Maybe the, I don't know, maybe the value of who you're showing it to. Who? Who? I don't know. Well, hello. Who's this? This is Jordan, port City. Jordan, good morning. What's your thoughts, Jordan? Look, now I will say this men doing it. It is kind of a we shouldn't, but women have no, no right to even complain about it because they do it way more than we do. I mean, it day go by where a woman is blasting a man by being in her dm.


Damn It. Depend on the woman you dealing with. 'cause I'm not blasting nobody via DM And. I'm also not nobody in your dm. When certain people, people do though, people do do it. And I know. Like when girls get DMed by, by certain people, they also post that too. I think that that's corny as well. I think it's corny. I I think it's corny when, when people blast the dms. I think it's corny when, when a guy spends money on something, they be like, he just bought me this. I think all that's corny because it also gives, hold on. You think it's corny when a guy says, he just bought me this? No. When a girl be like, yo, That's what he just said. You just said no. Did You know what I meant? You just said when a guy said, talking about guys and girls dhe. You just said, when a guy says you so childish. I think Tony, when a guy says, he just bought me this, you so childish. You just, He said he he, he like, okay, relax.


That's what you said. No, he want me to be gay So bad. No, you want to be gay so bad. How about it's a communal thought. You both want each other to be gay. So Bad that man want that rectal Ketamine. Were you guys, each other's first, One of your, what's wrong with you? Man? You got a problem man. Yo, you have a serious problem. Hello, this, How you doing man? This is G from Columbia, south Columbus, 8 0 3 Metro. What's happening? Turn your radio down, G. What's your thoughts, brother? Well, personally me, I don't think it is coin to You. know what I'm saying? Show your dms. Unless your intentions are doing so, like to expose somebody, man or woman, You. know what I'm saying? But just showing your dms. Just but You know what I'm saying?


Just because you want to, I don't see no problem with That. Well, why are you showing 'em to people? I guess I, I like, if I, like if somebody dms me something, And I want somebody to see what that person actually said to me because we're having a discussion about it amongst each other. That's different. But just to show The World on Instagram Live, look how we hooked up. She slid in my dm. See the message. I don't understand the point of that, bro. Thank you, brother. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like I said, I, I think a lot of times we try to prove innocence or guilty or, or prove what we are doing to a bunch of people that don't give a, and don't give a damn about us You know who they look all they, who they are. We don't even know what they look like. We don't even know if they bots. They could be in their mama's basement. But we try to prove to a bunch of people, And I. Think we have to stop that.


'cause who cares? Anyway. And I think too, like even if Lala talks about this and she don't care. 'cause some women would be like, yeah, I sit in his DM like You. know what I mean? They don't care. I, I, I can understand that too. And then I don't know if that justifies it to some people. I still would look at him like, but still though, like You Know people share messages. When you look in somebody's story and they see you look in their story, they'll post their, oh look, who just looked at my story? Yes. And a lot of times it could be an accident. I get on my friends about that all the time when they send like people's stories and stuff to our group chats. I'd be like, yo, screen record. I don't want, I don't wanna be on the interviews. I saw Cornball do that to me the other day. And I said, I promise you, I was not looking at your story. I was just, I was going through my stories and I'm clicking and it just kept going, going, going, going. Like, I'm, I did not mean to look at any of your stories, yo.


Or like when you, it happens All the time when you trying to ignore somebody and then like you going through and you accidentally click their story. It's like, oh, I know they saw me. Now You know it's the worst man. When you, when you go, when you fo when you following somebody who You know is a hater You. know what I'm saying? You didn't always think they was a hater, but then you realize they're a hater. And so when you accidentally click they stories and then they talk, they put put you on blast about it and you start to unfollow them, but then you like, damn, Now I'm, I feel like I'm giving it too much energy if I Unfollow him. But I, I can't unfollow him 'cause I want him to see this shine. I want him to, I want him to still always keep seeing me win with If. you like somebody's picture, picture by accident or If. you follow somebody by accident. That's happened to me. And then they show follow. It's accident I did the other day. But anyway. What's some more story? I don't know. Lauren came up with this topic.


'cause ain't nobody ever, The moral of the story is keep your dms in the dm. That's it. Like don't, nobody got nothing to prove and it's way more attractive when you hold it down. Okay. Alright. Somebody said you got that from Drake. I did gave credit. That's why I don't understand why the person on the chat said that person on the chat said she got that from Drake. She said she got it from Drake. She did say that. Yes. All right. When we come back, we got past the Arks with Nala. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren Lar is holding it down for just, and now it's time for pass the Arks.


Yeah. DJ come Spin. Spin. What up, Nala? What's up guys? Big Nyla. NYLA. What's happening? Nothing much. Lauren, I like your energy here. Thank you. Just wanted to say that you've been doing a really good job. Thank you. What Does she look like? Lauren London. Oh my goodness. Why are y'all still doing that? Why Did she That's What she said. That's not what she said. She said she clarified, Concerned Lauren, her Facebook. She said, She said, wait, hold on. Can we like, can we talk about this? I just wanted to know the truth because I know he he'll put his own little razzle on it. And I. It is like, all right, what was really said? I'm just telling You what happened. She turned around and said she looked like Radio. Okay. New. It ain't me. I to you could be a new, new other radio station because we don't have one. I let the people decide. No, No knew new.


No way. Oh my goodness. Oh, I forgot. That's Lato. That's Lato. But all right, so let's get into the music. I wanna start with this RB artist out of Atlanta named Akia. I think I'm saying it right. She has this record called Soft Girl Era that I really like my Soft, Soft Girl era. I need to listen to that. It's, it's a vibe. That's that song. All right. I Knew my Soft Girl era too. I've been there for like two, three years. Oh really? We know Charlene. Oh, okay. That's right. Okay, well, I feel like we had this conversation when Summer Walker dropped her EP last Year. I've been on my Soft Girl Era. You told me there is no such thing as a Soft Girl era. Not for y'all. Not for us. You Really told me that. No such thing as a soft era. I Identify as a woman. This is ours. You can identify what you want.


That's right. Exactly. Claim it. Y'all If, you wanna go to there? Y'all claim all Do, boo. Do you You know what? Shout out Section 80. Shout out to Barry. I'm a fan. Next I wanna go with Mez and Isaiah Rashad with hotspot. That made me wanna add it to my playlist. I like that one. Mm, I hear a little more. I gotta hear that loud. I Hear a little more. Okay. Okay. The first one was like a RB record. The second one, the Mez and Isaiah. That one's probably more for the hipsters. And then this last one is a rap record by no kaput drop this album today. But he has a ladies record on there, which I really like called One More Summer. I Like that. I like that. Like it. I like it. I wish I could understand what he was saying more, but I like the, the vibe and the energy. He Has an accent. He from Alabama.


Ain't the accent. Oh, he's the accent. What is it? He, it sound like he's slurring. I can't, it's like, But you Like it. I like the melody. It's like a good vibe. Okay. You. know what I'm saying? Just enunciate. All Right. I'm always here for a gentle thug. Yeah. That that's what it's giving. That that's my vibe. Yeah. All right. Well that's No Cap. His new album just dropped to make sure you guys tap into that. I think all three of these records were a certified vibe. Okay. Okay. Okay. E rap, hipster stuff. We got it all on the playlist. It makes you guys check it out. You can click the link in bio on Instagram at n Simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. And I. Actually just interviewed Mez on my podcast.


We need to talk. That's W-N-T-T-L-K on our platform. So make you guys tap in, tune in YouTube, apple Music, Spotify, wherever you wanna Stream. When's the next certified vibe? Next certified vibe is in September. We have in our one year anniversary. So we're gonna make it a little special. You know who you got on deck. Well, I'm not ready to announce. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Big Nile little one. Never the little one. Now, when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. We throw it back on a Friday. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is holding it down for Jess. And. I. Just gotta remind you guys. Tomorrow is my car show. It's, it's my sixth annual car show.


And I. Can't wait to see you guys. There's a lot of activities going on. We got race cars, old cars, exotic cars, celebrity cars, rides, games and stuff for kids. Kids. Five and under are free. There's free parking. Kids all in the building will get free haircuts. So I can't wait to see you guys. We do it each and every year. And, I'm super duper excited about to head over there now to start doing today's loading day to load in all that stuff. So can't wait to see you guys. Shreveport was amazing and this one's gonna be even bigger now. This week in Charmin, you also gonna be out South Carolina, right? Yes. Tomorrow from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM amongst corner, South Carolina, my hometown. I will be at Berkeley High School for my ninth annual Back to School Drive and Fish Fry You know we do it every year.


Been doing it every year for the last nine years, man. So we got the free backpacks for you. The free haircuts. I got a salute. Fanatics. Fanatics provided us a lot of free backpacks and what I like that fanatics did. Fanatics provided us backpacks that are Carolina themed. So You know it's North Carolina and the Gamecocks, the the Hornets. Lot of different teams from the Carolina. So salute to them. My dad will be out there frying the fish and we got the Minimart Caribbean Grocery and Cuisine. They'll be out there with their food truck providing the free Jamaican food, man. So from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM Berkeley High School. Berkeley High School student parking lot. Come out there and get your free backpack and your free school supplies. Man. Courtesy of your friendly neighborhood. Bad guy.


I know that's right. Me. I know that's right. And through to all my people's third eye awareness. That'd be holding me down in the ROTC. That holds me down at Berkeley High School. You know they volunteer to help us You know, make all of this stuff go. So thank you. All right. When we come back, positive notice The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren is holding it down for Jess. Yes sir. It's time for the positive note. You got some positivity. Yes, man. We was talking about empathy earlier. And I really just want to stress empathy, man. Meryl Streep has a great quote and that quote is The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy. Practice it. Have a blessed day.


Breakfast Club, bitches. I'm Finish. Or y'all done?


I'm a good lawyer. And. I wanna win On August 22nd, I gt she needs someone who is going to fight for her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose the hit series. Reasonable do returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with, and Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


From iHeartPodcasts comes. Does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency ban is dead. Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry, Lick em. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


There's something different about the conversations we have late at night. They often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So what if those laid back conversations or with some of the biggest musicians in The World, midnight Chats is already welcomed. Tame Impala, Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, VIN Staples, and many more. Join me, Stuart Stubbs and me, Greg Cochrane as we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't normally talk about. Listen to the new series of Midnight Chats on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good Stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna Get away with it. The zombie there too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, that the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the Heart of America. Sonoro iHeartPodcasts Network present. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to Na iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.