
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning, so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Check out Pluto TV's the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free, the Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now. Pay Neville. Good morning. USA. Yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo, Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne The Guy. Peace to the Planet. It's Friday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's going on? Good Morning. How you feeling, Jess? I feel good. I'm well rested. I did my skin treatment last night. Still don't look better than mine. And bundles look amazing though. Absolutely, definitely do. And these are not bundles. Thanks. But I know I look good. Thanks.


What's happening, man, for Friday? How? Listen, Don, it's Don. I'm so glad I missed Darnell yesterday. Why Darnell so insecure. He's, you know, God Damn. It's not, it's not a matter, it is insecure. He feels like, what is it? Then we play with him so much that everybody feels like they can play with him. Well, that, that's, that's not true. So when He goes places, people test him all the time because of, he says his interviews Interac. I'm Not even talking about, I'm talking about the fact that he feels the need to defend himself as an entertainer and as a comedian. You don't have to tell me, you know, why you opened up for Chappelle, how many shows you do, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like, come on, Darnell, we know you great. You've been out here making, listen, if you've been out here making a living, doing what you love to do, right.


For 30 plus years. Correct. You are successful. Bottom line, point, blank, period. It don't matter what nobody say. I keep telling everybody, ball know, success is subjective. Emini here and happiness, as long as you're happy, you're successful. But something must be bothering him. Because I, I, I don't know if you heard the interview, but I didn't even ask him. I Didn't hear it. I didn't Ask him. He just started going. I'm like, all right, Lord, let let You go. Listen, man, to everybody out there listening to me, if you are happy doing what you do, and you've been doing it for a long time, and you got food on the table and roof over your head, you are successful. Don't let nobody tell you different. That's right. But listen, this is the thing. Maybe he was already like always feeling like that, but he, this was just like the tipping point for him because it, it felt like a therapy session, like the interview.


And I, and it's good that you weren't here. I'm glad I wasn't there. Nothing He said serious. So I'm glad he got to express himself to and be vulnerable with another brother in the room. 'cause Lauren was Bothering him. Little. Who's the other brother in The room? Me, sir. Excuse me. Me. Who's the other brother? Me, sir. Me Envy. Hello. Hi. Me. Oh, hi. My name is, hi. You still Running with that? Okay. Able to do that? Yes. And more guys are supposed to be able to do that. Mr. Mental Health Advocate. Well, listen, Darnell is on my line every day, And I tell him the same thing. Okay. You gotta be secure in yourself. Right, right. Before you crack jokes and laugh at him. That's right. Because the, what Darnell wants is the validation of other people. Yes and no. There's another therapist alive that'll tell you to seek the validation of other people to be secure in yourself.


But I, I think with, with Darnell, and, and maybe next time we can talk to him about this in, in depth, but I feel like he feels like he's funny And I feel like he is. That's not a feel. Well, he, but People don't find, people find like they, they play with him and they find him. He feel like he's Underrated. The the man is, you know how, you know the man's hilarious. That man is gonna be here all weekend with sold our shows that what are we talking about? City Winery. Yep. But I can, but I can't convince you that you dope. Well, I can't convince you that you dope. You gotta believe that in yourself. I can't convince you that you dope Darnell. Well, Ryan Davis, comedian Ryan Davis will be joining us this morning. Hey. And guess what? You ain't gotta convince Ryan. He dope. Okay. Ryan know he dope. Like Why, why, why? You don't gotta convince Ryan. He dope. Drop on a clue bump for Ryan Davis.


Confidence through the roof. Well, Darnell Rowlings actually sat in during this interview as well. So you'll hear him chiming in and, and talking about his feelings. Why I do that? I'm a comedian. I don't want no comedian sitting in my interview. It was a good conversation. Probably just came in there. You know how Darnell is like Ray J? He do, he wants, But it was good for Darnell because Ryan, You gotta see what confidence looks like. Oh My goodness. See, that's the reason why. Yeah, there you go. That's the reason Why. Go though another comedian helping out another comedian. Okay, Ryan. Ryan didn't seem like he cared. You know what, Emini here, so, Yeah. But you know what? They had great conversation. And you'll see, because Ryan, I guess is, is I guess is more white, I guess, consumers that go to his shows and do all that stuff.


So he talks about how that makes him feel. 'cause he's like, yo, I'm black, but when I go to my shows, sometimes I don't see as many black people. Mm. So him and Donelle were, were able to vibe and kind of conversations about that. So they'll be joining us in a little bit. And also Tamar Braxton will be here. Oh. Oh my girl. That's my boo. Yeah. She has a new cooking show with her mom, Tamar and Miss E. So we'll talk to her about, about that. She's a back on the tour. She's back doing music. So we'll talk to Tamar. She talks about all her beefs and everything that's been going on in the last couple of years. So Tamar will be joining us as well. So let's get the show Crack. We got front page news. Morgan will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It is the JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up, Morgan? Yeah, let's Do it. What's up? Happy Friday to y'all. How y'all feeling? Blessed Black and Holly Favorite. How you Morgan? Good girl. All right. I'm doing good. Let's get into it. So this group chat is growing legs, isn't it? The story where the journalist was added to the group chat with intelligence officials. Well, that continues to develop, especially among those in Congress. A federal judge is ordering Trump and his administration, the agencies to keep the messages sent on the Signal app after military attack plans were accidentally shared with a journalist. Now, judge James Lewisberg ruled the must preserve texts from March 11th through March 15th.


The Justice Department said they are working to track down and keep messages from that time period for what? It comes out. What? Because ain't nobody gonna be fired. So what's the point? Emini here, you know, Emini here. One thing, if they was keeping it, 'cause they was going, you know, have some evidence to build a case to get somebody up out of there. But they ain't gonna, ain't gonna nobody getting fired for this. Well, this comes after an advocacy group sued claiming department secretaries and intelligence Chief Chiefs ignored federal records laws by using the auto delete features on the app. Now Republicans have been downplaying the, the breach which saw officials including Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, the National Security Advisor, or Intelligence National director, excuse me, director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, discussing airstrikes in Yemen.


Now the editor of the Atlantic, Jeffrey Goldberg, was somehow added to the chat, which mentions times and methods of the Houthis Rebels targets. So to your point, yes, Charlamagne, we will see what happens with it. But meanwhile, house Speaker Mike Johnson says, the house investigation into this doesn't seem necessary. He believes the Coverage. Yeah, he believes the coverage on the incident has actually been overblown. Let's hear those comments from Speaker Johnson. I haven't had a chance to review all that, but I'll tell you that the National Security Team is doing an extraordinary job. They have accomplished that mission. It was a success. The president has full trust and, and Mike Waltz And I do as well as a former colleague and someone I've known a long time. It's been overblown, I think by the media. I I think this was a mistake.


It was acknowledged as such. I'm certain it will not happen again. Yeah. I truly can't believe there is gonna be no consequences for this situation. Like this should have been an, an immediate firing. All this classified information being dis being discussed on signal signal and nobody is getting fired. And like this has not been overblown. In fact, it hasn't been blown up enough. So yeah, so the Republican, and in fact this has now become a bi bipartisan issue. The Republican chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Senator Roger Wicker of Mississippi, he says his panel wants an Inspector General investigation into the leak of sensitive data. And the Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, is calling for defense secretary Pete Hegseth to be fired.


Now Schumer spoke out about the reported military plans being discussed on that signal app. Let's take a listen to Charlemagne's favorite Democratic Senator to hate on Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer as he comments on the league chat as well. This is one of the most stunning breaches of military intelligence I have read about in a very, very long time. It's bad enough that a private citizen was added to this chain, but it's far worse. That sensitive military information was exchanged on an unauthorized application. Yeah, Emini here. He's right. He's absolutely right. And, and this is incompetence at the highest level. And this isn't a Democrat or Republican thing, you know this, it is an American thing.


There's no American that should be okay with this. I wonder how much o other things was sent on that app that we just don't know about. That's a problem. Yeah. And that's essentially probably why they wanna reserve or preserve those texts. So House minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries, he also wrote a letter to President Trump demanding hex he be fired saying rec he recklessly and casually disclosed highly sensitive war plans. And of course the Pentagon's chief spokesperson Hess, continues to reiterate that there was no classified materials or war plans shared. So we will continue to see how this plays out. In the meantime, that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM Envy. Can we talk about what's going on with your G Men? Oh, the Giants. Yeah, of course we can do that next time. I'm cool with that.


You, you gotta say it. You gotta say Giants Morgan. You can't Just say G Men on this show Damn Envy talking about gay men this early. Yeah, that's right. Take a step back like whoa, whoa, Whoa. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now. Here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this you?


What's up, envy? What's up Trav? Jazz. What's up baby? What's up boo? What's up Star? How are You? PS What up SISs? How you Nah, I'm doing good. Just checking on my bro and checking on my girl to see how y'all doing. We are blessed black and highly favored. My brother, my brother. Who you getting into this weekend? Listen, Lemme tell you. All right. Just, you see how this, you gotta escape by that And I just keep talking. You gotta I'm sorry, go ahead. So when y'all use the public restroom, right? Do y'all put y'all bare butt cheeks on the public toilet? Hell no. No Sir. No Trev, I don't think anybody does. No, I, okay. I had to stop talking to this guy because he'd be out here bare button, public toilet seats.


And he was trying to tell me that it is actually sanitary to not put the liners down on toilet seats. You know what's so crazy? I just called and, And I was just talking to B and he just answered the phone. He said he heard the same thing. That is sanitary. Why? Like, might be about him? Yeah. Why? Yeah. You gonna get a bump on your butt? Yeah. Don't sit Oh in public toilet seats please. With your bare Butt. That's nasty. Yeah. The only way it would be unsanitary is if you using the same line as somebody. Now that's nasty. Imagine seeing the line already on the toilet. Yeah. And you sit on the lineup and You like, thank you God. And then you just sit down like what? But alright y'all, y'all have a good weekend. Good Friday. It's freaky, freaky Friday. Make sure y'all do something freaky today.


You don't wipe your, I I asked you who you was getting into Mind you business y'all. Goodbye. Hello. Who's this? Good morning, DJ Envy. Solomon the guy. Beautiful, gentle Larry. Peace King. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Alright. I, I gotta get off my chest. Donald Rollins is clearly one of the funniest people on the planet because he's doing it for this long, at the highest level for you to come at The Breakfast Club and complain that people aren't taking you seriously 'cause of them. It's a little whack. I agree and disingenuous. You on one interview you said you had a book and brought out a pamphlet. He Was being funny though. Like, come on, yo, he was being funny, but I, I get it.


But you hear Dave Chappelle, Kevin Hart when they peaking interviews, they're funny, but you also having like real conversations with them. I see what saying Darnell. It's always a joke. You know what I'm saying? But hey, they swoop to Donna Rollins, you know, you one of the greatest to ever do it. Stop crying. Love to The Breakfast Club. Y'all have a good morning Peace King. All right man. And that's really what it boils onto to you. One of you, you are great at what you do, Darnell, he Yes. Stop crying. Yeah. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Tonight, Man. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk.


I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is Blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? What's up? Breakfast Club? This is Uber Mike. It's been a while. How y'all doing? What's up Uber, Mike, Uber, Mike, Uber, Mike. Hey, Hey, hey, hey. Two things real quick. Charmagne, how's that Prius treating you? Prius is doing good, man. You know what I'm saying? Hey, hey. I love it man. And two things. No, the, this, the last one. Lauren LaRosa and Jesse Les. Hey, I love y'all. Y'all keep those knuckleheads in line. I just, I'm late to the party but I just wanted to say y'all, y'all are incredible And I Just say my love to both of you guys. Thank you. We appreciate that.


Alright. Y'all have a good one. Okay? Yes. So everybody who drives a Prius man exceptional fuel efficiency environment, environmentally friendly car. Yep. Got got comprehensive safety features too. That's, This guy's lying. He ain't got no, I haven't seen no pri. Who makes a Prius? Toyota? Oh, what you talking about? Prius. Okay. Yeah. Big Dan got one too, I heard. Yeah, she do. I heard she got two of 'em put together. You shut Up. You ain't Never seen nothing like that. None of That in the house. A eight wheel priest. Hello? Who's this? Hey Envy, what's going on? This, this Jamele from Jersey. Jamele. What part of Jersey? Yeah, Elizabeth. Alright, What's up brother? Get it off your chest. What's, What's going on? Hey, I tried to call in.


I wonder to get my take on that conversation about Swiss beat and Alicia Keys. Never get into an argument. I Just say I just think that that's unrealistic. You know what I'm saying? Me and my wife been together 13 years, man. And we argue at least once every two weeks. Damn. You know what I'm saying? I, I just, I just, but we get it together. But I just don't think it's realistic for a couple to be together that long and not argue. I think it's kind of healthy Yeah. To get into arguments once in a while, you know what I'm saying? I agree. And and then on top of that, then on top of that, the makeup, sex, after the argument be the best. That's right. Sometimes I argue with my wife just for the makeup sex. That's Right. That's right. I don't think it is, is is real.


Like it's not realistic. And the way that usher groped Alicia keys in that, in that performance. I know that was an argument. You know, that was an argument. There's No way that wasn't an argument. You know what's so funny? My wife said something to me the other day about that argument discussion. She, she actually had texted me while we was having it. And she said that, what did she say? Oh, she said the combo is pointless. 'cause there is no baseline for what an argument is and argument in quotation marks and whether or not you've had one is subjective. And I believe that, I believe some people might don't even know when they're having an argument. Mm. Yeah Man, we got a friend, right? Me and my wife got a friend, right? And we were over, we had this conversation about a year ago, we're in my kitchen. We were talking about it and they said they never argue that night they started arguing because I was like, no way.


I'm, I'm debating because I'm like, yo, there's no way you guys don't argue this, that and third. And they going back and forth. They're like, no, we don't argue. And right then they start arguing. Hilarious. Well, an argument is an exchange of opposite of views, typically a heated or angry one. So in any relationship that has happened, an exchange of abuse that's heated is an argument. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So Emini here, I don't care if you don't think it is, our argue Could be the other way, right? It could be an exchange of views, but without the heat. So you don't think you're arguing, but it's still an argument to Be Yeah. Right. It could be more of a debate or, you know, just a disagreement. But it doesn't have to get heated. I just don't like, like you said, charlamagne like, it, it let me know how that works.


Like how you do that. I, I, because I don't, I don't understand it. You know what I'm saying? Like sometimes And, and just because you argue that don't mean it, I don't think it's a bad thing. Right. I think it's normal. Like I said, I think it's healthy. Sometimes I'm might arguing with my wife and it be something petty like, Hey babe, wear my work pants at Oh, you didn't dry 'em. You know, I needed them for the next day. That's an argument, but we get over it. Right. You know what I'm saying? Jamel, let me ask you a question. You a Giants fan? Nah, nah, I'm not, I'm not really into the sports. I'm a truck driver. Okay. All right. Okay. Be safe. I I'm running late for work right now. Hey Jess. Hilarious. I love you guys. Charlemagne to God. I love you. Thank you King. Hey, me and my, me and my boy. I'm a truck driver.


He a truck driver. And I told him about it and we joke all the time. Every morning when I call him, he always like Charlemagne to God, Jamaican cat from Florida. It, it is just funny. I listen to you guys every day. Thank you brother. I appreciate man. Definitely, definitely. You guys enjoy your day. All right brother. Thank you. Flew to all the Jamaicans that listen to The Breakfast Club, man. I was at the airport the other day and they were, were very in tune to the Beanie Man interview. And they, they said we have to have vibes cartel up here. Yes. Vibes is coming to New York. Oh wow. Next couple of weeks. April 11th. Yes. You know why I know that? Because they told you because so many people told me that at the airport. That's right. Literally. Oh wow. That's April 11th. That's right. Well get it off your Chest. He say nah, if he did that, say, I love you Jess. You my guy. When this is the second time I some Travis said that to y'all too.


Literally. No, ain't no y'all. He said it to me. He was like, you my bro, y'all my bros. Like, no, But then he said, he said, he said, you and Lauren, he love what y'all guys do. Or somebody said that this morning. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, Trav did say, I love what y'all guys do or something. But he was like, I love you. Just you my guy. Like, yo, y'all gonna stop playing with me. It's too early. And I did see you blush when he said he was a truck driver too. I did see the little blush. Dang dang. I did see that. I know. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yes we do. So preacher Marvin Sap, he's being dragged to the gods right now. He locked the doors of the church during the tithes and offering and said, yo, I need 40 K or nobody getting up outta here.


He's responded. The people are pissed off. We gonna talk about it. So Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight fish. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm The home girl that knows a little bit about everything And She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. Okay, so Preacher gospel recording artist.


Marvin Sapp is in some trouble right now. He was trying to collect $40,000 during an altar call from his church. And the people are not upset about it. Now it's some people in the, in this church, in the story we're talking about that are saying that Marvin Sap never would've made it if they were in this church because he started asking for this money and told the ushers to clo lock the doors and close the doors until they collected it. Let's take a listen to him. That's how he get Shot. His sermon. God, yes. There's 1000 of you. I said close them doors. Close the doors. We all gonna leave together. There's 1000 of you tonight. And those that are watching, it's a thousand that's watching online. If I get a thousand online to give this, if I get a thousand in the sanctuary to give this, that's $40,000 tonight.


I'm challenging each of you all down here to give a $20 CI just think $20. A lot of money. $20. Believe it or not, when my late wife, Melinda Papp was alive was a good date. I could take her to the movies, buy popcorn, get one soda, two straws. I wasn't cheap. That's swag. I was looking in her eyes, she's looking in my, but I need everyone standing up here with us, with me to plant a seed of $100. Because again, it cost a sit up here. And this is what I need you to do. If you're giving electronically or even if you're giving tangibly, I'm gonna have y'all come to the altar and give it. 'cause I need to see a thousand people moving. Take your phone and stick it on the, on the bucket. Giving us worship. That's so damn tacky That a, that's a crime. Like how you gonna hold us hostage until we give you a hundred dollars, right.


Or $20 Us just lock the door. That has absolutely nothing to do with God Emini here. And first of all, what if the congregation don't got it? What if some of them there because they looking for a blessing. They tell you give 10% of what you got. What if you ain't got nothing? Yes, a hundred percent. But That's why people look at the church the way that they look at the church. Don't blame that on the church. But that's how Marvin, But that's how people look at the church. They feel like every church is like that. They feel like they say, come as you are. And if I come bro and Just say, you're not gonna let me go unless I put my Phone on the bucket and what Bill Marvin SAP got that he's trying to catch up on. You gotta tell me what gets money for for Grant idea. I'm like, yeah, like, 'cause you know it's tax time. I don't know if he backed up, you know, if he dead or anything. But this is crazy. So, but It's from a year ago though, Right?


I was about to say, so this is actually from July of 2024. But it just went vir again because you know, our churches do the online sermons now. So the video is out there online of the full church service. And, and it just went vir again with people taking issue to it. Now it Vir better be a real word. Lauren. I said went viral again. You said revival. I said You didn't say Rev viral Rev. You didn say Rev viral said twice you doubled down on that revival. Well, rev, viral Revival, whatever the church is getting into me, I'm feeling the gospel over here. Well he, it went so viral again that he had to, I don't even think it went viral the first time it went viral this time again, it went viral this time to the point where Marvin SAP had to actually come out and add some context.


So he says, let's add context to this clip on social media. Recently this clip has gone viral with me. Challenging 2000 individuals virtually and in person to plant a seed of $20 during the international gathering held at the convention center with over 4,000 people in attendance that evening, plus the virtual viewers. In that same moment, I also challenged the leadership to lead by example by sowing a hundred dollars a piece. That evening I personally gave much more. 'cause he talked about having to pay $2,000 to renew his ability to, to lead the church. And the money he gave right before he went into and went into this. He says, now some have taken issue with a particular moment when I instructed the ushers rather firmly to close the doors during the offering to those unfamiliar with the church context or who may not regularly attend worship gatherings.


This has been misinterpreted as holding people hostage as well as as offensive. Oh damn. That was never my intent. And y'all know when the, when the pastors be praying at the end of church and they be like, Uhuh, sit down. Don't leave yet. We not done. That's different than closed doors by the way. You Already feel like, you already feel like you're being held hostage in a long church service anyway. Especially black church. And now you wanna close the doors. No, no, no. Especially black church. She there from like eight to like four. So Where did the number 40,000 come from? 'cause of the number of people there. The number of people. 'cause he asked for $20 was 20,000. Yeah. For 2000 people. Okay, I Got it. Yeah. So $20, a thousand people per a thousand people online. $20 for Thousand. And then he told everybody, you up here with me in the pulpit, baby it pay to play a hundred. You better pay the play a hundred dollars. That's the V ip.


The V ip V Ip. They gotta wait line Premium bottles up here. Okay. You out there for all that money. You gotta do more than preaching though. You gotta do more than be preaching. Ain't no fish fry. Ain't no water being turned to wine. You not gonna perform. Never would've made it. Something gotta happen. Yeah. Put $20 cover chop. Remember they used to have, remember they used to have the dinners after the church? Yes, yes. You know what I'm saying? Had somebody cooking or something. 'cause everybody be sitting in there so long they be hungry. Well, no. So he Go ahead. Sorry to cut you off, Jess, but he was saying no you're Not. That's shut up. He was saying that after this church service, he, he, he said, don't, don't rush outta here. We ain't going nowhere. But to the restaurant after. So they wasn't serving food. He knew people wanted to eat after. You Can't spend all that money and not have no food on deck. Like that's the, I would be like, yo, $20 all you can eat afterwards, you know, Shirley them in the back, they got the baked chicken, the fried chicken, everything you want.


But then he gotta pay for the food that he really not making the money that he needs for whatever he money. SAP got money, man. You look up Marvin s right, he Said that he did this because when any, anytime finances are being received in a worship gathering, it's one of the most vulnerable and exposed time for both the, the, the people who have to finance and the security teams movement during the Sacred Exchange can be distracting at times and even risky. So his directive was not about control, it was about creating a safe focus in a reverent environment for those choosing to give and for those handling the resources. And unfortunately in the social media age, snippets are easily shared without context and assumptions are quickly made without understanding the full pictures. Oh, By the way, I think That was a conference Bobby Beside got a full million dollar net worth. I totally understand the context. I don't like it. I've been to churches that have done stuff like this.


I've been to mosses that have done stuff like this. You been to church where they said lock the doors, not lock the door. Yeah.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to find financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


But basically like, you know, who got the first thousand dollars? Who got the first a hundred dollars? Like a auction? Like yeah, it's like forcing people to probably spend money that they don't have. And then, you know, when you're doing it under the guys of God, I don't like that. 'cause people feel like they have to do that because you know, God wants them to do it. Like, no, that's crazy. Don't Lock me in. Like if I didn't have it when the door was unlocked, I'm not gonna Have it. It would be locked the Doors. Exactly. Weird. Jess said, now you locked the doors and it rained down on me. Right? Like what? I That's crazy. What? That's Wow. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1 lady with the wig. $3. $3. Three. That's crazy. Lady with the wig is crazy watching. Oh, he was talking to me. No, no. My Pastor don't talk like that.


So that went above my head. And my pastor is a black pastor. I don't know where you be In church. Ain't going above your head. Nothing above that was too high. Was too high for something to go above your head. Huh? What happened? We had so much good time in here when you weren't here yesterday. Literally the best. It was so peaceful, right? Yep. Oh my God. They be lying to y'all. Yesterday they were talking about how jacked up Lauren's wig was. I don't know if that was true or not. First Of all the I seen your comment. Yeah. And I seen your comment. Talk about my legs. First of all, we, we, we got it together. Oh, you admit the comment was correct? The comment that said your wig was sitting a little bit too high. No, no, no. That wasn't correct. That wast correct was we had, we had the, I had the, we had some buildup on the lace, but we got her together. I don't even know what that means. Her Wig ain't never sitting up to Thank you Jess.


No, it's just a little High. She sitting up like a, a Chevy on 24th. What you talking about? Oh, Okay. Oh my goodness. That is the Latest Lauren. That is the latest. Lauren, Just let your PPE speaking when you sit up high, you upset at me and my unit for being where you can't see. Please mind your business. Stay where you are. Thickens. All right, Tamar Braxton, when we come back her new show cooking sessions with Tamar and Miss Eve, we'll talk to her. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah. Envy. I know you like to start with sports sometimes, but you know what's going on with your team up there, your football team and you know, I got you.


So Russell Wilson, who just days ago signed with the Giants, he believes he is the best option to start for his new team. The Giants new Signal caller was introduced to the media and pressor on Wednesday and he said he expects to be the starting quarterback. Let's take a listen to Russell Wilson. Yeah, I expect know, be the starter and come in here and be ready to rock and roll every day. I think to, you know, to be able to lead. I think this team's really looking for somebody to lead them in every way in terms of the process, you know, in the off season, during the season, our habits and our thought process and how we create a, you know, a a great winning culture and how do we continue to establish that and, and to really build on on things that we do well and the things that we continue to need to do.


I think New York's gonna be wicked man. Like I can't wait to, you know, get in the Giants locker room and get wowed. Oh my goodness. Yeah, we're gonna get crazy Emini here. I I think Russell Wilson, I think he still has some gas in the tank, but, you know, he's older. He's 36, 37 years old. He's, you know, on the tail end of his career, I hope that the Giants pick a quarterback. I know they were talking about getting a lineman and offensive lineman, but I would like, I'm not, I would like Shado. Let's be clear, Russell Wilson had a great year last year. He did. What's gonna make Russell, what's going, what's going to cause Russell Wilson, you know, career to come to an end is playing for the New York Giants. Oh Wow. Or the Dallas Cowboy. He's the ball that's gonna be the problem. Okay. S that I East quick, quick question about that though. Like, alright, maybe y'all can answer this for me.


So is it, do you get to pick where you wanna go? Like when you've been in the league long enough or do you just have they they just like give you away or trade you the, like you don't have no stay in where you go? No, you can say, but he heated. Okay. He, Yeah. It depends if your contract's over then you can decide where you wanna sign with. You know, sometimes they have no trade clauses. You can go where you want to go. All you can tell you can force a trade. Like I want to be traded to such and such. That don't mean that they'll do it, but you can say it. Right, Right, right. So Wilson, who did win Super Bowl 48 as a member of the Seattle Seahawks at MetLife Stadium, he officially joined the G Men or the Giants less than a week after the team signed a veteran QB Jameis Wilson, Winston, excuse me, Jameis Winston as a free agent. New York also resigned Tommy DeVito earlier this off season.


So to get another quarterback in the, in the draft and Shado Sanders at that envy. Woo. You got big dreams. Yeah, I Didn't know Jamis Winston signed with the Giants. Yeah, He signed with the Giants. They re-sign DeVito. But I just think you got too many quarterbacks at this point that this tells me that they might not be going for Shado, which is a, a stupid situation. Shado is young. He's talented. He's somebody that can hold down that, that franchise for a long time. I like Russell. I love Russell. Actually I think Russell got some more gas in that tank, but I just don't know if, if I would, if I would not draft Shado. By the way, Jamis Winston being drafted by the Giants fantastic signing not for the Giants, but for New York media. This is where Jamis Winston needs to be to further his media career. You hear me? Jamis Winston in New York with New York media is going to be in incredible.


And I don't get it twisted. We got some weapons, so, we'll, we'll see this. It should be interesting. Yeah. Emini here. We'll go further than the cowboys. Woo. He said that early. All right, so in other, in other news, y'all, let's get back to the political spectrum. Elon Musk, he says he doesn't think he'll be working at the Department of Government efficiency much longer. He spoke to Fox News and he said he believes those Doge will reach their goal amount of government waste fraud removed within his 130 day mandate. Let's take a listen to Elon Musk. We Are cutting the waste in fraud in real time. So every day like that passes, our goal is to reduce the, the wasted fraud by $4 billion a day every day, seven days a week. Well, I I think we will have accomplished most of the work required to reduce the deficit by a trillion dollars within that timeframe.


So 130 days is the legal timeframe given to a special government employee, which is, that is what Musk is. He's not an elected official to stay on the job only 130 days. And so he's coming up on that time. He believes, of course, as he mentioned in the audio, that they can cut the deficit by $1 trillion within that timeframe stating There, there, there is no way, there's no way he is gonna cut $1 trillion from the federal government without doing irreparable damage to our society. And you're not gonna cut that type of money if you're not going to the Department of Defense. If you're not making cuts in the Department of Defense. If you're not making cuts in the Pentagon and not making cuts to our military, you not getting nowhere near that number. You just going to end up firing a whole bunch of people. Yeah. Cutting a whole bunch of jobs that people need to be doing.


Well that's been the, that's been the case. That's been the case. That's essentially what Doge is doing. And then only for some, some of the judges to turn around and then reinstate those, those those workers. So we will see. Yeah, I can't imagine that this is gonna be cleaned up to what Musk is saying in other news, the FAA is telling Congress it must do more to ensure flying remains safe following that mid-air collision over Washington DC that killed 67 people on January 29th. Now the agency's acting administrator, Chris, Chris Rushlow, he told a Senate hearing yesterday, we have to get smarter about how we use data. Adding safety, investigating must evolve. Let's hear more from Chris Rushlow, the FAA acting administrator.


Something was missed at the DCA crash. I I take that seriously. I take that upon myself. Something was missed and there, and, and since that time we've been using new tools available to us to artificial intelligence, machine learning. Yeah. So investigators have highlighted 85 close calls around Reagan, DCA for those who know the codes over the last three years before the crash. But Rushlow admits alarming, alarming trend was missed. So yeah, again, yesterday it was Bridges. Something to think about today it's aviation. Just something to think about. And do we got time for one more real quick? Yes, yes.


No, y'all heard about what happened with us Selena. So the woman who murdered Ano superstar Selena has been denied parole. Yeah. You keeping her ass in Jail. Yeah. So the Texas Department of Criminal Justice says Yolanda Saldovar did not pass her parole pr re review process. It'll be 30 years to the day next Monday. That Saldovar shot and killed the Sali, the singer in a hotel in Corpus Christi, Texas. Now Saldovar was the president of Salina's Fan Club and the star had just found out she was embezzling from her when she confronted her. Saldovar is now 64 and she is serving a life sentence for Salina's murder. Her next parole review date will be one to five years from now. So yeah.


Anything for Selenas, you know, but that's your front page news. Not gonna rep envy. I'm black sir. Oh, I'm black. Sir. S That you not gonna rep for Selena? I I'm black. I'm black, sir. Okay. Oh man. I know a lot of Dominican Americans have a very strong appreciation to the music and legacy of Selena. Of course. You know, that's a rep. Oh my God. Don't just put him on. We all love Linas. You know anything for Linas, but that's your front. Yeah, that's your front page news. Y'all could, why are you putting the S On it that you didn't see the movie? No. Yeah, but They say Linas. Yes. They say everything, anything for basically her pa her family had broke down on the side of the road and when they found out they were asking for help and these guys pulled up, you know, very, I hate to say stereotypical kind of like scene, but when he, when they went to help the family, they were like, yeah, anything for Selena's.


Oh, I didn't know it was that on end. Jump in interview. I don No it Did not. This is crap. It's really not. It was just very, very typical type of scene. It is all but yeah. Nah, Emini here. You know, Selena, we like we, we like Selena. Anyways, so that's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, make sure you're following at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank you. Have a great weekend and Happy Friday. See Lu Sel. Very tragic story. I know nothing about Selena. I know about the movie that Jennifer Lopez was in and that's it. I I I'm not, I'm You you should know as a Dominican man, I don't, I don't even know a song. It was crazy. It was a long time ago. Envy, she had to learn.


She had to learn Spanish. She didn't do, she wasn't even singing. She had to learn Spanish to sing those songs in Spanish. She That's right. That's right. But Envy knows Spanish. He tries to act like he don't know 'cause he be out here trying to act black. Okay. Hey, yes, K is crazy and It's no cold. All right, well thank you guys. Now when we come back, Tamar Braxton will be joining us. She has a new cooking show called Cooking Sessions with Tamar and Miss E, which is her mom. We'll talk to her next and don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren. Lars here as well. We got a special guest in the building.


We have Tamar Braxton. Welcome back. Hi. Thanks. How you Feeling? I feel great. How you feeling friend? I'm Good. I can't complain. You got a lot going on. I do. Let's start, let's start first with the cooking show. You have a cooking show, not we start positivity. Yes. How It's so positive. Oh, here we go. You okay. Well, you know, I have a cooking show with my mom and this has been a lifelong dream for her. And it's been 10 years in the making and everybody knows I've been very open and honest about our situations at we TV like years ago. Right. Like why we couldn't do other things. And so the opportunity presented itself again 10 years later and here we are. It's probably one of my favorite projects that I've put out since the Braxtons.


Wow. Yeah. What are y'all cooking on the show? What, what kind of foods? Like what type of meals? Like, Okay, so last night's episode that came on. Yep. I made like Rasta pasta. Okay. Oh, so Like you made the RAA past, so It's like easy stuff. Yeah. Right. Okay. Okay. Who tastes it and says it's good. Do you have any judges? Well, I do have different people on there. Okay. My sister Trina came on there. Okay. My son comes on there. He's very honest. Like me and Mitch, he's on there too, like Emini here. We have real people on the show. Like it's real behind the scenes people who is honest. But my food is always good though. Okay. Yeah. I sing And I cook. You sing on the show. You sing and you cook. Why? No. In my Life you like And I cook. Got it. What's your GoTo dish? Like what's your favorite? Like what you want?


Oh wow. You like that? Yeah, it's good like that. It gives that What's your go-to dish for a man that, to impress. Impress a man. What are you gonna cook for the man? So if he likes cheese, I, this is what I say, always go to Alfredo. Mm Yes. Homemade Alfredo. It's the best. Or some type of salmon and spinach. Mm. Yeah. Because it looks like you put a lot of effort into it, but it's really no effort. Yeah. I feel like sometimes the guys be coming at like, they make Alfredo and salmon seem like if you cook that you, you don't really know how to cook. Like they come at those meals sometimes. Well, I've only been single for a little while, so this is my first time hearing that I've been out here. I've been out here.


She's been single for a long, First of all, don't say a long time. It's been about like a year. Like don't do me look longer Than that, bro. No, But I'm forget if we go to a restaurant, right? Yeah. Nine times outta 10 and you don't know the food. Yeah. You're gonna pick something safe and what is safe? A salmon dish with spinach or some type of green. Some like mashed potatoes. Right? Yeah. And you're gonna be satisfied. So why not do that at home? It's an easy one. Yep. Now You look, you look, you are very glowy right now. You absolutely. The, you taking glasses off all day. The blue liner under, why would you have glasses? Enjoy that You look, You know, it's a little vibe, a little biker vibe. So what, what changed? 'cause I know that sometimes you didn't seem as glowy, you didn't seem as happy. What got you to a place where you look happy? Like you look very happy. Really? You not, oh, Emini here.


I am happy. I feel like I'm always happy. I don't know, I took a year off to be by myself and to really heal and to really figure out, you know, what I wanted in my life and where I wanted to go. And maybe that's what that is. Do you love, love do, are you ready to get back into love and back into dating? I seen you post something about you gotta make sure people don't have HIV, which was just told you. Well not that I said I'm on prep. Okay. You on prep. Okay. It's true though. You know, I don't know if I'm ready for love. I know that I'm ready to, you know, put myself back out there. Yeah. So what happened in the last relationship? Like, I don wanna talk about that. And the reason why I don't wanna talk about that is because I don't wanna be disrespectful.


You know what Emini here, I wanna stay on this path of, you know, like it was what it was and it was my favorite relationship until it wasn't. And that's that on that. And there's children involved And I definitely don't wanna def offend them. I got you. And I don't wanna keep talking about their dad. Got it. Where they're offended about, you know, me saying things about him that they feel that is derogatory. You know what, Emini here. Well what is your type? Do you have a type of I don't if I have a, like a real like aesthetic type. Right. But I do know I like nice guys. You know what Emini here? I like respectful men. I like men who wanna be monogamous. Although where are they? Yes. You know, but that's my starter kit. And somebody that can handle Tay. Really? You think so?


I feel like all levels, Not just Nice. T not a lot of, I don't feel like I'm a lot in a relationship, you know? I feel like when it comes to my job, I am very like into it and demanding about that. But in relationships, I'm like, Everybody, everybody behind you is laughing when you said that. What you say? Except look, look away. When you say I'm not, they don't look like what? I'm not, I'm a I'm a Said Yes. Yes. I don't think I'm a lie. I, I feel like I'm very submissive actually. Yeah. So when it comes to dating, have you thought about with your son? Like how is that gonna work? When, when are you gonna introduce him? Does he, your son have to like, like have you thought about that component?


He's older Now. He's 11. He just like you. He is very honest. So He's like me and my mother. Your mother? Yes. Okay. And you know how you get around Baltimore people, you start talking Baltimore. That's right. So, okay, so here's the thing. That's why I say I'm not gonna, you know, date seriously until he gets of age because I don't wanna keep introducing him to the wrong people. What Do you mean serious mama need her, her, her. I do. But you know her own too. It's not really fair to him that these relationships Keep Going sour, you know? But you Don't plan for that. I don't. That's not what you Intend for. I don't, I don't. I definitely didn't this last time. But the truth of the matter is, is that it happens and, you know, I don't wanna keep introducing my son to these guys and they let him down, you know?


Do, Do you think social media plays a big part in breakups? Social media played a big part. I feel like. Okay. You know, I wish I could have been or had the opportunity to have been more private. Yeah. Yeah. But I know the next go round it will definitely be private. Yeah. Did you and your son have a conversation about like, your decision to wait until he was 18? Like, was he like, Hey mom, what if we just kind of like, no, it's not like that. That was the decision that I made. Gotcha. Because I'm a single mom and you know, I'm in protective mode all the time of my son, son. So, yeah. So what, what happens if you do date somebody and they get close to your son and it doesn't work? Do you still allow him when they break up to still speak to your son? Or is it a rap? I, I often do. You let speak.


Yeah, because that leaves the door open a little bit. Like, 'cause that I can put my foot in just a little bit and see. Tell your mama I loud. I don't know about that. I'm a PIs mother is a rap is a rat. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you know, I feel like the relationship that he's has has established with that person. That should play out the way that it needs to. I can't involve myself in that. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. What has your, I know you were celibate for some time. I'm still celibate. Oh, so you're over yet? No. Okay. Is there like a time period that you're doing or is it just like when you get to a place spiritually, how long have you been celibate? A year. Yeah. Jesus Damn day. Yeah. Like not even a kiss. Whoa. How do you that Not a, not a vibrator. How do you do that?


Nothing. Nothing. I'm not really a touchy feely kind of person on myself anyway. Is it on myself anyway. But Like you're still meeting guys though and kind of like you have friends. I'm sure. Casual conversation. I have friends, casual conversations, but I'm not interested. There's no one that I've been interested in. Wow. Yeah. You don't earn earn for that feeling, that touch that Of course I do. But you know, where does that lead to? You know what Emini here, if, if they're not like-minded and we're not on the same page, it's like I'm dating for intent. You know what, Emini here at this point. Yeah. And nobody is dating to for intent anymore. Anymore, anymore. It's crazy. And what's the longest you've ever been celibate? Is this it? This is it. Oh, you hurt right now.


I'm actually, now I'm okay. You alright? Yeah, I'm, I'm super crazy busy and I've done a lot of healing. And what Have you been doing as far as healing? Well, you know, I believe in therapy. Okay. Oh good. Yeah. I really believe in therapy and I've just been taking out time for myself to get to know me, you know? Yeah. What's your celibacy journey? Hard in the beginning. No, no, no. Oh, Tamar was fed up. Fed up. 'cause I say it a few times that I was gonna be celibate and then I was like Big head and then she got pregnant. Then she got pregnant. I ain't never even said it. I don't even lie like that. No, no, no. I think that, you know, once you come to a point of where you're ready for a change, you have to start making different decisions to get the changes that you want.


That's results that you want. What did you learn about yourself? You said you, you learned a lot about yourself. What did you learn about yourself? That I was a perpetual relationship person. Hmm. And I just wanted to be in a relationship instead of looking for the right, right relationship for me. Gotcha. Yeah. All right. We got more with Tamar Braxton when we come back. Her new show cooking sessions. Tamar and Miss E comes out every Wednesday on Cleo tv. We'll be back with more Tamar. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Dej and v Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law LA is hanging with us as well. Taymor Braxton is in the building. Lauren. But you said I, I saw you on Sherry and you said that you are ready to get back to dating them, right? I'm, I am.


So how does that work with your celibacy? Are you dating people that are also on a celibacy journey? Well, I haven't been on one yet. Oh. No date yet at all. Well, that was just a couple days ago. Yeah. That was yesterday. Yesterday. That was Yesterday. Dang. That was yesterday. That was yesterday. So ideally for you, what's that first date back outside looking like? I don't, yeah, the outside is weird. It yeah, it's very weird. Yeah. And I don't know what that looks like, sis You know what Emini here, because I don't think we all know what that looks like until we meet that person and they show themselves. Right. Yeah. I never imagined at, at my age or this stage of the game that I'd be single. Yeah. So it's kinda weird. Anyway, you know what, Emini here. So You gotta explain one thing to me though. My friend Jesus. Go. You talk about H HIV v prevention.


Yeah. But you celibate. Yeah. So you taking the HIV prevention that early just to, just to make sure You never know having sex, what you, we don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow. Never. I wouldn't be prepared. But outside Are you, you celebrate until I'm celebrate until it happens. What wa was there a scare? 'cause what made you No, it wasn't a scare. You know, the fact of the matter is that the outside has changed and people are not monogamous at all. Everybody has the same boyfriend. And it's, what is scary for me is actually contracting something because I am looking, you know, And I am dating. So that's what's scary to me. And then not for nothing before HIV you got chlamydia, you know, you still got the, the, the gonorrhea, the herpes, it's a whole bunch of other things.


Crabs Around. But There's crabs also medicine for that too. Crab still around. There's also a different kind of prep for that Yeah. As well. So, you know, we'll cross that bridge when we get to it. But for now I'm prep period. Hopefully you don't get, get to that bridge Though. You know what, hopefully not. You know, but I'm not saying I'm out here raw dogging or I'm a raw do, but, you know, things happen. Yeah. Yeah. You know, we adults. Hello. Yeah. Does it bother you that your, your whole life is so on social media? 'cause everything that you do, people are gonna compare doesn, doesn't matter who you're dating, if you unblock your sister, if you block your sister, whatever happens with you. But you guys kind of did it 'cause you did that. Yeah. But does it bother you now? It's irritating now because I can't really get away from that stigma that I'm problematic and always the issue.


Right. But I think that is something we signed up for a long time ago and we didn't know that we were signing up for. So, yeah. Does it affect you business wise? Like as you're doing new things under your production company and stuff like that? Is is that an normal piece? No, I have five TV shows that I shot. Period. No, the hell is, what is this? March? March, 2025. March 27th. Yeah. Five in the can. Love that for You. Congratulations Babe. Thank you. And an album. Okay. A tour and back, back making music, All That. So back making music. Yeah. Back Making music. What put you back into that space? Is that your, your My getaway, my zen making music. Yeah. You know, I usually put out a single on my birthday. Remember the last time I was here. Yep. But, And I told you guys there was an EP that was coming or album that was coming, but then like, life happened.


Right. And I'm actually glad that life happened because I feel like this is like my best project. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Why, why do you feel this is your best? Because I am just putting myself out there and putting everything that happened to me, especially like within the past year and a half. You know, I just, So you talk about your relationship and how it affected you and all that. Life. Life, Yeah. What was the most difficult thing to do? I was Gonna say, was it triggering for you? No, it wasn't triggering. It was therapeutic because I'm in therapy, so it really wasn't triggering. It was actually, you know, I, I look at it as a sign of release A sense Release. Yeah. And then you have October nights you'll be joining TTO October. London. For the October nights.


We'll be, we'll be joining each other. Okay. Y'all joining each other? Yes. On the October nights calling our Lovers tour. I, I'm really excited. We're calling our lovers is a album that I didn't get a chance to promote because I got sick. I don't know if you guys remember that. It was like a couple years ago. And so now that I'm not sick and you know, now that things are going well for me in life, I decided to go back and kind of showcase that album. Yeah. For that tour. I love the fact that the special guest is Roe James. Isn't that spectacular? Yo. What? That is crazy. I can't wait. The tour starts on April 17. Why you better Andy? I love Ro James. You know what? Pause, pause, pause. You know when New Yorker say pause?


Yes. They about to say something That's might sound a little gift. Okay. What Ro James came up here one time. Right. And Charlemagne looked at Roe James and he was like, he has to be the thickest man I've ever seen in my life. I swear out everything. Pull the clips. Why do you say that? Who was the guy that came up here that you complimented his ass and he got a, some tight buns. I can't remember his Name. Complimented his ass. I ain't never complimented man's. Yes you did. You complimented his ass. He was Doing a drop right through the window and he was like, look at his ass. Ro You like, as he did compliment his ass, I said, God damn, he got a fat ass. That's a Compliment. Right. By the way, you know how fat a man's ass gotta be for another man to say he got a fat ass. He might need to be in the Guinness Book of World Records. Some some ain't. Right. With Ro James Charlamagne Thick. Thick. He's thicker than Charlamagne.


Like thick in The ass hip. Like he had a, he was, yes, he got hips. Oh, okay. Wow. Okay. Ro There's some guys that have hips. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We like the hip committee. I don. Yeah. No, y'all do. You don't like the hip committee? Not the man I'm dating. I don't wanna look at your waist and be like, well, well not not not a man. She ain man. Oh Emini here. I don't mind if somebody is sick, but not my man. I just, you know, I don't wanna be like thin. You like a thin No, I like you like a thin on thin. 'cause you thin. No, I like the, like the muscle and all that, but just like the booty and the, you know how sometimes you see a man, you be like thin. Yeah. Like shake nigga butt can't be bigger than you. Yeah. Like I'm a little ju Well mines is, but I'm just saying it's so nice. I did not on a hip committee. Yeah.


But it's kicking off April 17th. April 17th. And in Virginia. In Virginia. Yes. And then we go to DC I'm excited. I'm excited. I know you are. What's Up with you Candy? Why y'all throwing Shit? I know that each other. Yeah. Okay. So I'm not gonna really get into it because I don't want to muster up the situation. Okay. So we really basically wouldn't be here if I wasn't lied on. And that's my thing. Like I can deal with anything. Right. But don't lie on me. Yeah, same. You know what Emini here. So that's my thing. So wait, when you say lie, you're talking about when Kandy said Todd did not come for you or threaten you, but you said he did when y'all had that backstage moment.


So that clip ca came up. That was three years ago. And it really did something to me because she didn't choose to kind of like divert from the situation. She chose to call me a clown. And that pissed me off because we wouldn't be here had it not been for the lies. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? But what I don't wanna do is continue that conversation and take away from all the hard work that I have been doing these past couple of years and make it about a beef that I actually don't have a person currently. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Were y'all ever cool or no? Oh my God, yes. Yeah. Are you kidding me?


Like, like the whole escape group. Like I am Ariss Godmother and Tiny is Logan's godmother. So we have been around each other for like 20, 30 years. Right. And so it was really a lot for us to have that kind of a falling out because of a lie when you just should have told the public you did what you did and it wasn't what it was and everybody moves on. But continuing to stick by the narrative that, oh, it has to be Tamar because Tamar has, it's an easy target to me it was wrong. And that's where I'm at with it. Yeah. Is there any chance to reconcile? Like if somebody put you on the phone, you have to ask her that.


You know, I just feel like when you lie on a person publicly, then it's your responsibility to make that right. Do you feel like you, you're the easy target when it comes to a lot of things because of the show and, and your personality and the things that you've been through. You feel like you are the easy target when it Comes to Yeah. The brax have been on for 12 years. Yeah. That's kind of what I meant earlier too. 'cause I feel like a lot of stuff gets thrown on you all the time. Yeah. Because it's easy. 'cause it's easy for people to believe because everyone grew up and watching that show and all of these instances with my family. Yeah. Now I'm not saying I am wrong. I'm never wrong or I am the victim. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that it's easy to attach myself to things and for people to believe it off the bat. Yeah.


All we got more with Timo Braxton when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's TJ and v, just Larry Char, Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Rose is hanging with us as well. Tamar Braxton is in the building. And we were talking about dating this week and you said that you're, you are actively dating when it comes to dating. Does your man get a, a cheating pass? Right. And this comes from young Miami. Yes. Young Miami said that she would give her man three cheating passes. The fourth one, she's out. She's out. But she feels like every man cheats. Okay. I wouldn't say a pass. Okay. But if he cheated, I do feel like that they deserve a conversation. I don't feel like in life that that is, I don't, oh God.


I'm gonna get a deal breaker myself in trouble. Lord. I don't feel like that's a total deal breaker. Yeah. Especially when you have life together. Assets together, children together. It is a conversation because there is a breakdown somewhere. You know what? Emini here, I don't know. I just feel like when you cheat, you not ready. Yeah. Have you ever been to Cheetah? Oh, I have. And why? What's the worst thing I've ever done? But, But why, what what got you to that point? Was it a drunk night or was it a, did You cheated first or you cheated back? I cheated first. Mm. I cheated first because I felt like our relationship was not resolved. And you know, I started talking back to that person And I was confused. You spun the block.


I spun the block And I was just confused. And that's just the real truth. Yeah. And it was a mistake. Did you get caught or you told on yourself? No, I got caught. Oh, Damn. You a bad cheater. No, I wasn't a bad cheater. I got caught. How'd you did that? Yeah, Got caught, caught. How'd you get, was it cell phone cord? That Phone? It was, it was in my phone. Yep. She went to your phone. It was in my phone and it was bad. Was it a picture? It was bad. Jesus Christ. It was bad. It was the worst mistake I've ever made. I would never, ever, ever, ever cheat on anybody. Ever again. Ever. Ever. Yeah. Because how do you recover? I feel like men, it's hard for men to recover from that. Oh girl. Oh, absolutely. Would their chest be hurting and they be tight and can breathe?


And what I don't wanna do is break someone I love. You know what, Emini here and have them looking at you side. 'cause realize how much you love that person after you've cheated. Yes. And you can't take it back. And that's just the truth.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand up to All Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Like that's really just the truth. Yeah. Sometimes you really don't know what you got until it is about to be out the door. Yeah. Jess, you got caught before too. Yeah. You see me over here. My hands together. God, right now. Tell us about it. It's the worst. I cheated and this is the crazy thing. I left my, I I left a good relationship to be with my first, my first child's dad. And he, I got with him and not even 24 hours later, this cheated on me. And I try to go back to the guy like, is this, is it too Late Night? Too late? Yeah. Why the fuck you, you know, so girl, it's too late. Yeah. I get it. Do you feel like I next your question 'cause okay, we have an open conversation. Of course. Yeah, for sure. Do you feel like a man can't ever recover from their woman cheating on them?


No. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. You, you think So? Absolutely. This is how I look at it. If a woman really wants to get back and really wants to change and evolve and make a man feel comfortable, it's the same thing when a man cheats. When a man cheats. Mm. What what makes a woman feel comfortable again is, is being, is allowing them to be comfortable. Right. I cheated, I I talked about it in my book, but I had to be able to be open with my wife where I know that I'm not doing no dirt. I'd be like, I'll leave my phone here, here's my phone. Yeah. She never takes it, but she knows if she wants to, she can. Here's access to my, my social media. Here's access to anything that you need to make you feel, feel comfortable to know that I will never do, you know, Hey, I'm going on the road, babe, you wanna come with me? I want her to feel comfortable with Yeah. She never has that, that doubt in her mind ever again.


And this is the person, I've been with my wife since 15 and 16. Yeah. 31 years. So yes you can. So if she can do that, And I gotta put myself in that predicament. If she cheated on me, what I be able to take that back. It depends how hard it was for her. So you Would give them the opportunity? I would. So if it was your wife, you would give her the opportunity. Well, y'all got a lot of stuff. A lot of stuff. Children. You're the wrong person. But no, I, I would, it would be hard to see because I think for a man mentally is Yeah, man. Like the fact that I gotta see you sucking. Yeah. That would be hard. Crazy On your, your podcast that you have Yes. Life, love and beyond. Yes. These are the conversations that you're having. Stuff like this are the conversations that we're having.


And because you're, you're so vulnerable, you're so open. It's, it's like having girl talk with you. Yeah. It is. Do you ever get nervous though when you're having these conversations that like, maybe that X are like whoever you might have in a conversation comes back up on social media and it's like, I wanna tell my side and now it's a whole thing that's, I'm very skeptical Okay. About talking about people. Got you. You know what Emini here because it takes away from everything that you're doing for a moment and it's a complete distraction. So I'm, I'm very respectful now of what I say And I make sure that who, whoever I'm talking about that nobody knows who I'm talking about. Right. Yeah. What conversations are you having with your mom while you guys are cooking? Oh, we talk about stuff like that. We talk, You talk about that with your mom.


Like Yeah. Really? Yeah. We talked about last night on, on the premiere. Like, get 'em girl. Like what's, what's the things that you, what's the things that you cook to, to get 'em, girl. And we talk about kids, we talk about life, we talk about, we talk about everything. Yeah. My mom is one of my favorite people. Y'all dynamic is dope. That's why I asked you that. Yeah. Because she, she's not, she'll get into the things. Yeah. She'll get into the things and she's so, I don't know. She's just amazing. And she gets the best advice about everything. Listen, you are so right. I sat next to your mother on a flight before. Right. We in first class, of course first class. But we sat Yeah. I sat right next to her. Right. And I was on the phone, I was handling something and the, we weren't even about to take off yet.


They were about to just do that, that that protocol. Right. The white flight attendant. She was like, you need to get off of your phone. I don't know, like talking to me crazy. And I, your mother knew I was about to go off yo. And she just put her hand on my knee and she was like, don't even know that's her. It's 'cause that's what they want you to do. They want, she wants you to act up. She wa she already wasn't the best. She didn't greet people of, she didn't greet us. It was me, your mother, and maybe one other person of color in first class didn't greet us. Didn't, you know. And when she did, it was very lackluster. Do you, would you like something to drink before we go up or whatever. And she was like, that's what she want you to do. Do not do it.


Your mother knew I was ready to go in and then you know who she said, you, I remind her of absolutely Smith sneaking out the house, going to Baltimore, every such and such. Yo, me and your mother got into it or got into some things about you and you know, your sister's on the, on the flight. But she definitely, if she wasn't there, I probably would've been on a new fly list the way that lady talked to me. Yeah. I'm sure Was crazy. Yeah. My mother has a way of like being honest, but giving it to you in a comforting way. Yep. And She has a presence of Our auntie. Yes, she does. I love, You'll definitely check out her cooking show cooking sessions with Tamar. And Miss e Tamar is 48 years old and you, when you see pictures of her 48 birthday, you're like, Jesus Christ Logan, you better check moms.


And He does. He does. Oh guys, am I, am I, Can you, I had to block you that week. You Blocked me. I Did block You that week. What friend? You had to unblock me now. IBlock you. Now why? You blocked me for you. You was doing a lot. I was, it was soft point Was my Birthday. It was soft porn. Did you see the pictures? No, I did not. You said it was, I'm gonna show you. It was soft point. It's not soft point. It's modeling. Why can't I be a model? Well, Make sure you check out Tamar Braxton, her cooking show, cooking sessions with Tamar and Miss E, her new project. And of course she's on tour April 17th if you have in Virginia. What part of Virginia? Norfolk. Oh seven. Five seven. Oh My folk. Hey, that's What's up. If you're in 7, 5, 7, definitely check out. And we appreciate you Virginia, That Thank you Fred. Thank you guys. Hey, my new project comes out on April 11th.


April 11th, then April 11th. I love y'all so much. Love y'all family. It's Tamar Braxton. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. All right, now it's time to get into the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fan. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk. Talk to Me. Okay, so in the latest right now there is another part two of the Stephen A Smith, LeBron James Moore child. I, yeah, because Stephen A Smith also does first take.


So what we did yesterday here in the latest was Stephen A Smith responding on his show. The Stephen A Smith Show. But he also does first take, so he went on first take and he, you know, begin to divulge into the whole saga of the drama. Why? Why wouldn't he? Exactly. He Said, I'm gonna use this one all my That's Right. You have one of the biggest sports commentators and one of the, and one of the the biggest, the biggest athletes. Yeah. Dang. Right. He's going to, but why do, while he was divulging into all of this, he made a comment about LeBron not being at Kobe's Memorial, which people didn't take well to. Let's take a listen to that. I suggested he'd be happy with the things that I haven't brought up. I never brought up really, and never really discussed why you were not at Kobe Bryant's memorial service.


I never really brought up a discuss why you did not attend Dwayne Wade's Hall of Fame induction when that man was directly responsible for you capturing a championship for the first time in your career. I brought up none of that. I didn't bring up the fact that even though when people had asked, you had alluded to what had happened tragically to your son, and thank God he's okay with his heart condition. I didn't bring up the fact that even though you couldn't go to the Hall of Fame induction of Dwayne Wade weeks later weeks earlier, you were out of the country on business. I didn't bring that up. That's your personal business. Yeah. Well you just brought it up and thank you very much for putting it out there. Yeah, I enjoyed that 17 minute ran. It was very entertaining. Entertaining. And that's hilarious to me when people say what I didn't bring up.


And then they say what they didn't bring up because they wanted to bring it up, Baby. I was watching that ran. I said, oh, this might be almost better than Housewives. I might gotta tune in the first take. It was good. Okay, But why But why go there though? What happened? Because he, why, why didn't he attend Kobe's Memorial? Or, you know, his funeral or What'd he say? Great, great question. Just because what happened was LeBron was actually there, but reports were that he had asked not to be shown on camera. Let's take a listen to Stephen A coming back in the second hour. First take having to correct that. Remember people were blowing up my phone since the first segment of the show when I talked about him at the memorial service. Okay. I didn't mean to say he wasn't in the building. I was told he was in the building. You understand?


But we saw a whole bunch of players out there. We didn't see him. Why? Hmm. I'll let him answer that one day. If he still chooses. What, Why, how is that, how is that possible though? Like, how is that possible to be at something like Kobe Bryant's funeral and not get caught on nobody's camera? Nobody Video. Maybe they didn't let anybody film Inside and he came through a back door or came through a side door, knocked the door. That usually, you know, people with Usually come through with all of those people in there Though. They said he was there. They seen him. They just said there was no videos about Taking in there. I'm not saying he wasn't there. I'm just saying how did he escape not being on no video or no camera could have Came outta the back, back door, side door fan. And that big ass building with those people. I don't know man, with some of the biggest stars and athletes in The World.


I don't know. He was there. I don Emini here. But is it really a big deal though? Yeah, I'm with you. They were like, why does it matter if I attended or not? He was trying to make the point that from what I gather and Charlemagne, you lemme know how you felt. But I felt like the rent was him number one saying, you're liar. You're a liar, you're a liar. You're not a good person. People don't like you and you do bad to people and then you're upset when people talk about it. So he was trying to, in my opinion, trying to make the, the parallel of like, these are people who've paid the way, who've done good for you, but you, now that you think you are who you are, it's like everybody gotta kiss the ring and you don't gotta care about nobody else. Well what He was alluding to is he was saying that LeBron was upset that he wasn't a speaker at the funeral. Yeah. Like it's all about him basically. Yeah. Like yeah, Like that's why I'm like, okay, let's get to the bottom of it. I'm sitting over here like, what we He's not a boy, Boy.


I confused. No, that's what it was. He, he was all because that that, that's what I was told yesterday that he was saying that people were, LeBron wasn't a speaker at the funeral. So that's why LeBron was, I guess, I don't know, upset. I don't, okay, y'all Won't get to see me on camera. I'm going to play dirty. And I'm not saying any of this is true. I'm just saying this is what the, the screech is saying. Yeah. Got you. And then by Screech Emini here, group chats. Okay, well I Emini here. We gotta trust your sources. 'cause I ain't got none in, in this world. But also too with the Dwayne Wade thing, I know that there were reports that at that time Bro's health situation was happening. Brony Junior. So that's why reported Lee LeBron didn't show up to the things that Stephen A was, was mentioning. But there was another part too that Stephen A talked about that I thought was hilarious.


'cause did, did you guys go watch the video of him boxing sparring? Okay. So that, Yes, That people have been re throwing boxing coaches his way and everything because now there's a company that's come out to TMZ sports and said, yo, if they really wanna do this, we'll make it happen. They are not doing that. So yeah. So, so, so many different people are like, Hey, like I saw Matt Barnes be like, yo, if you need a boxing coach, I, I got somebody for you. But Stephen A responded to being posted by LeBron with that box boxing video. In the aftermath of that interview, what does he do? He puts out some, some page about me boxing and all of this other stuff from a decade ago with two torn rotator cuffs. Fine, no problem.


It's very, very embarrassing video. I'll be the first to say and all that stuff, even though I like it to be left up there. Because if people think I want to throw hands like that, that's how I throw hands. Knock yourself out. I'm good with it. I know that the man I am today is not the man that I was a decade ago. Why do I bring that up? Because that's how petty you've become your LeBron James. You that butt hurt over the things that I'm saying that you would post that video. When does LeBron James ever done something like that? But suddenly you're doing that as it pertains to me, this man is in his feelings. I wonder why could it be because I don't believe you're the goat because I'll never believe you. The goat Emini here. My God, I have done everything but put diapers and a bib on this brother.


Listen, by the way, nobody is losing in this situation. Okay? LeBron is still LeBron Stephen A is having one of the best years and media personality has had in a long time. He started the year with people saying he should run a president. He signed a hundred million dollar contract and now he's in a beef with the biggest basketball player in The World. And his specialty is basketball right in time for the playoffs. Right? I Just don't like it, man. I Emini here. I enjoy it. That's a lie. I love it. I do, but I don't wanna see Stephen A Smith and LeBron going back and forth. They knock on box. Like, why Would you want them to box? I don't, they don't even Need the box. I feel like just the verbal sparring is enough for me. And he did say he's act, he's, he's invited LeBron to conversations that LeBron does not wanna do. So, and LeBron will never win against a, a personality that does this for a living.


Just like if Stephen A Smith plays him in one-on-one basketball, Steven's not gonna win. I hope LeBron takes that as a challenge and has sit down and has that conversation. To your point, Lauren, I think LeBron could fare better verbally if he went to the right platform. Pat McCafe may not be able to get that outta him, but he go sit down, you know, at 7:00 AM in Brooklyn with mellow and c and you know, AMRO or he go sit with Gilbert Arenas and, and, and them brothers, you know, you might he go sit with all the smoke, Matt Bond, Steven Jackson. You might get a different side of LeBron. Right. That's Crazy. We was talking about that yesterday. Me and the producers and we mentioned those platforms. But LeBron wanna do it. Like why play basketball? I don't even, who cares? Like why, why go back and forth with him? Why don't you telling him shut up and dribble. No, I'm just saying like, why go back and forth.


I'm I'm a basketball player. I think I see what you did. Lauren Emini, go ahead. Okay, and as we wrap up, I just wanted to send a congratulations to Ette and her husband Arlet, who is Arlet? She, you know, one No ar who is, lemme get It out. You just said it like we know her. Shout out to Ette. Let Her husband Jackson, Just because he won't even let me. Maybe he let you get a word in Her name is Arlet Ahmadi. She is the host and the actually the, the creator of the balloon pop series on, on YouTube. Yes. Okay. Going to Netflix now y'all, Y'all bond for Arlet. So shout out to Amli and her husband Bully. Congrats Lia man.


Do What? Race it in As we wrap up real quick. So yes, they are headed to Netflix with their series. It will premiere April 10th and it'll happen every Thursday at 8:00 PM Eastern Standard time. I love it. Yvonne or Yon? Origi orgy orgy yon Orgy category. Yvonne Orgy. I always say her name wrong. You mean To tell me Yvonne has been on Insecure all of these years Standup specials on HBO and you dont Yvonne or I know who she is. Well, she haven't been here since Laura been there. First Of all, be quiet. You've been talking a lot for me today. I'm I'm, I'm, I'm Go lie. Don't get Mad me because you woman's Names.


Listen, listen Don Mad because you black women's Names And I know who she is. I get her name wrong. And I wanted to get it right. So me and Jess practiced it And I still got it. Wrong name. You need to do. Do you know r You know her too? Excuse me. I I wanted to ask you, did you know something? But I can't say it on air. All right. Don't, don't. But they had orgy hosting it, which yes, I was a little confused about in the beginning 'cause it's like, yo, no, why is Arlet not doing it? But you know, I guess it's like, you know, policy. Maybe she's not a, a bigger name, you know. Well she's not a big name in the industry. So they had to get somebody of a, you know, a bigger name, name to host. But, but Arlet Amli is the executive producer. Yep. Her, That's what matters. Her husband will be executive executive producers in Yvonne Orgy will be hosting it.


Congratulations To them. All right now. Right. Charlamagne. We give that down too, Man. Before, after the hour we need Marjorie Taylor Greene to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a war with her please. Alright, We'll get to that next. It don't go anywhere. And then comedian Ryan Davis will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. I was born a donkey. It's the donkey of the day. That's pretty fun. Charlamagne the devil. The Breakfast Club. Yes, donkey Today for Friday, March 28th goes to Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene.


Now, ever since Atlantic Magazine published Secretary of Defense, Pete SEFs messages to a group chat on signal discussing classified war plans. Republicans have been turning themselves into Auntie Annie's pretzels trying to defend this foolishness. Okay? Some are just brushing it off as an honest mistake. Some are saying they weren't discussing classified war plans, but all of them are missing the obvious, much larger point on purpose. And that point is that some of the top US officials in America shouldn't be on signal discussing anything that has to do with our government. And especially they shouldn't be discussing classified war plans. Now some Republicans handle it better than others. I personally feel like when you are being asked about something that makes your side look so incredibly stupid, just play it cool.


Okay? Either don't comment or just act like it's no big deal. Mistakes happen. You've texted the wrong group chat before, blah, blah, blah. But Marjorie Taylor Greene didn't get that. Didn't get that. Keep it. Cool. Memo. Okay. No, not at all. See, the Georgia Republican refused to answer a question from a reporter about the incident and wait until you hear what our excuse was. Let's go to CNN for the report please. Anybody else? Should the defense secretary, what country are you? Wait, what country are you from? From the uk. Okay, we don't give a crap about your opinion and your reporting. House Republican member Marjorie Taylor Greene lashed out at a Sky News correspondent Martha Kelner when she asked about the signal group chat controversy. Why Don't you go back to your country where you have a major migrant problem? Okay? Do you, no, no, no, no, no.


You should care about your own borders. Do you care about American lives people? No. Let me tell you something. Do you care about people from your country? What about all the women that are raped by migrants? Do you No. By migrant? No. Do you care? Okay, you're done. Do care. American lives being put up. You know what I don? I don service members fighting for your country. I don't care about your news. Vice President, the congresswoman from Georgia then called on an American journalist, but the reporter redirected her back to Kenner's. Original question. Do You have a relevant question? Yeah. This is an American journalist. Thank you. I'm an American And I'd like to hear your answer to what she's asking. I'm not answering her question. Alright? Because I don't care about her network. If you would like to ask, I can answer.


You know, why Marjorie Taylor Greene couldn't address the question? Because then she would be forced to address the national security concerns that any American, especially an elected official should have about this situation. Okay? This isn't a Democratic Republican issue. This is an incompetence of our elected officials issue. Okay? Could get a whole lot of people killed. Issue, right? This is why we don't trust politicians because they put party before the people. It shouldn't matter what party a person is in this situation. What should matter is right or wrong, qualified or unqualified, drunk or not drunk. See, I remember when Pete Hsf, president Trump's picked to run the Pentagon, was accused of regularly abusing alcohol to the point that he passed outta the family gathering. Okay? And once needed to be dragged out of a script club while in uniform.


My kind of guy, by the way, just not the kind of guy I want running the Secretary of Defense. Now these allegations, 'cause that's what they are, allegations were made by an ex relative and they were given to us lawmakers and reviewed. So when people see he's on signal talking like this, I think it's a valid question to ask whether or not the potential DUI hire is drunk. Okay? That has nothing to do with a party, all right? If you truly put country over your political party. But Marjorie Taylor Greene didn't want to have that convo. She wanted to deflect accountability for her party's actions. Oh, oh, oh. Good old deflection. Okay? A tactic used to avoid criticism. Blame are negative consequences by diverting attention or responsibility away from oneself, there is no faster away to lose respect then to deflect.


See Margerie, if you was to simply say what they did was wrong, we, the people, regardless of party could respect that. Okay? You didn't even have to say there should be consequences, even though there should be. Just tell us that top US officials discussing classified war plans on signal is stupid and should never happen as an American. Okay? I would've said, you know what? Thanks for telling the truth, Marjorie, but now you just confirming what I already knew. And that is that Marjorie Taylor Greene is a ultra realistic humanoid robot designed by Elon Musk. That's the only logical explanation. Okay? She is ai, artificial ignorance. All right? She connects the wifi just fine, but can't connect to basic human decency and truth.


Listen message to all elected officials, you have to be able to call out your own. If you call out your own, then you can be respected by all. But if right or wrong depends on who's right or left, then you just a pawn. Please give Marjorie Taylor Greene the sweet signs of the Hamiltons You the of the day of the day. Yeehaw. Alright. I feel like Marjorie Taylor Greene is the perfect example of the military man school lady.


The who's the military man? School ladies. Oh, was Nancy May, Nancy, Mac. Mac, Nancy, may. Oh, you think they like the same look Like she been No, no, no. Nancy May, you wouldn't look at her and be like, oh, you went to a military man school. You look at Marjorie Taylor Greene. Oh, she looked like she went to a military man School. You had a class like Yeah, like you ran the class because She diesel like, Yo, what I'm talking about shorty is stocky. Like I wouldn't even wanna fire her. Well that's how Elon Musk designed her. That's how Elon Musk designed her. Yeah. I don't think I'm telling you she's a human robot designed by Elon Musk. I really believe that. Crazy. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, comedian Ryan Davis will be joining us. We kicked it with him a day ago. Charlamagne wasn't in Donnell actually sat down during this interview.


Yeah, Donne rolls. He wanted to be a part of it. And let's Just say very Interesting. Oh, hope Donne wasn't in here trying to make Ryan not believe in himself. The way Darnell don't be believing in himself. Okay. He Never do that to Ryan. I hope, I hope, I hope it was the other way around. And the confidence that Ryan Davis has Yes. Rubbed off on Darnell. 'cause Ryan is uber confident. They were two comedians that bonded over comedy and it was a great conversation. Okay, I'm gonna listen. Is that right? Was that Ryan's first time up here? No. Nah. Okay. Okay. I was gonna say, 'cause that if I got the chance to finally sit down at The Breakfast Club and another comedian came in on my interview. I, I agree with you, Jess. Well he wasn't, He wasn't, he wasn't mad about that. You know, he was mad. He was more mad that Jesse Charlemagne weren't here for his interview.


Oh, that's what he was mad about. He was like, where the hell is Jesse Charlemagne? I can see why he would feel that way. See Yes. Yes. Alright. He was like, where's The Breakfast Club? Alright, well it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lars here as well. We got a special guest in the building. We have comedian Ryan Davis. Welcome brother. What's Up Man? Now Don l Rollins is filling into here. You know, Charlemagne's out. Jess as out. So Donelle is, is is one of our family members, extended family members. But don't Expect me to do no booty drops or none of that type of stuff. There Be no booty jokes, but he's here.


Crazy. But how are you feeling first and Foremost? I'm feeling good, man. I'm feeling good. Your new special Underrated is is out right now. Yeah, Man. And it's a, it's a story. You put it together for people that don't know. Explain how you, you started to do this on your own. You, you shopped it around and Yeah. You couldn't get a deal. Nah, I shopped it around. It's, it is funny too, whenever you, 'cause I, I mentioned Netflix immediately when I said, oh, Netflix didn't take it. People go, you know, there's other places. I don't think they understand how shopping around goes. Right. You shop it everywhere, you know, I just mentioned Netflix, but it was held for like five months or it was in their hands for like five months. And then eventually they said no, they passed on it.


And by that time, yeah, Darnell will tell you man, some material has like shelf life. Yeah, Yeah. Now you spent, how much, well how much did you shoot? How much did you, did it take you to shoot this? Oh, it cost me about one 50. 'cause you know, when you choose certain venues and then you have to dress the venue, I had to paint the stage. It was several cameras, you know, you gotta get the jib, you gotta get the everything. Like I had to pay for everything out of pocket. So, so when you go to these places like Netflix and all these other places that said no, which made you decide to do it on your own. Did they tell you why? No. Or did they just like, damn, So you have no clue why they Spend the block. Once you did that breakdown online where you showed those Numbers a day? No, so many. And that was the thing. It, it went so crazy because it was, it was shared hundreds of thousands of times.


So like my dms were crazy and there was a lot of people reaching out who have platforms and, and things of that nature. But I couldn't see it all. Or even entertainment. Plus I've already told millions of people where I'm gonna put it and what I'm gonna do with it. And to the people who are reaching out, you know, with these platforms, I appreciate it. But at also at this time, this is a great time to reach out to other comedians. 'cause there's a lot of comedians that have my story. You know, at this point you should, you should put out that you're willing to bring comedians to your platform and give them a space to, to share their art. You know what, Emini here, that's what I wanted. I wanted, you know, whenever I put it out to inspire other people to put their money where their mouth is.


Yeah. Yeah. Interesting to me is Underrated. Why did you choose to name your special Underrated? I think that is, And if you're just joining us, Ryan Davis is here. Donelle is filling in for Charlemagne and Donelle is on his journalist tip period Because he just brought that in real easy. Real easy. Yeah. I think Underrated describes kind of what my journey is right now in standup. You know what Emini here, I think amongst my peers, they know how I get down on stage. But I think the general public, we have gotten to a point where the skill of standup isn't really celebrated as much as the popularity of an individual. And I, I wanted to highlight that when it comes to the standup space, you know, I think I'm one of the best out here, like one of the top ones.


And whenever I think I'm critic, anytime I'm criticized, it's based off of social media content. Oh. I don't think, you know, he may be this because of the, I've seen clips of something instead of the actual thing that I do. So that's why I went with Underrated. Do You feel sometimes because you have the crossover ability that people don't connect with your blackness? Man, you know, that you, you deal with that. I'm asking you the question so these people will know. No, it's, it's true. But to but to add on what, what he said he's right. Right. And the reason I say that is, is I know you as a comedian, but to me it doesn't stand out as it should. Yeah.


He's a little different because he's been coming on The Breakfast Club for years. So we poke at that. We make fun of him. But for you, I didn't see it the same. Almost like a, a Hannibal Burris, right? Where he's huge, but not in our community for se you know what, Emini here. So, so how, how do you deal with that and, and how, how come that is, But that's why I lead the Underrated. And I'm gonna tell you, I'm not gonna act like that's not bothersome to, to be Underrated amongst the people. You feel like you relate to the most Black people. Yeah. Why do you, why don't you think you connect to the, the black community as you should? Like I think that the black audience has been trained to gravitate towards certain type of stuff. I think what happens is we have been trained over the years to do what's the move?


Like, what's the popular thing to do? Like, everybody's gonna be there, so I'm gonna go, you know what? Emini here instead of, I don't think a lot of people are willing to stand on, I like this person, so I'll go, even if the building is empty, you know, they rather be a part of something bigger. People love to be a part of something. And I think if I don't, I don't create that fear of missing out like a lot of people do. You know, I, I'll sell out a show And I won't show anybody. So the narrative is the thought that I don't sell out shows. And I always thought that was weird. And then some, like, I remember seeing comments when I would promote shows. They were like, I don't know if the shows sell out, then I might have to pull up.


And I'm like, why would that be the reason Pull The reason you pull up. Yeah, yeah. Into A show. It's stuff like that always, you know, I think we're always, because we're the coolest, you know, kids that we're always looking for the coolest people to follow. And comedy ain't about cool it, it's about funny. And I think once we get back to that, you know, celebrating the skill and the, you know, the actual talent, then, you know, comedy would be back in a, in a good place. I'm gonna be honest with you man, I really didn't have expectations when I went online to just share my story or whatever. I was like, oh, my fans will see this. But then it ended up getting like 8 million views across platforms.


I, that wasn't what I expected. I expected, I was like, yeah, I'm just, I hope to get my money back. That's What you wanted? Yeah. I hope, I want people to see it. I hope to get my money back. But I worked really hard on this project man. Like whenever I went to shoot it, my father had been diagnosed.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate, even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift and power and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand up to All Heat on Instagram and TikTok


With cancer. Sorry to hear that. Yeah. Okay, wait a minute. I have to stop this right now. Wait a second. Wait a second. I know, I'm Just say they laugh. I knew he was gonna say that. We don't take you serious and you know that disrespect. See isn't that one of the most memorable clips for him? I told you no, but I'm just saying you didn't laugh. You did stories. Huh? Your father was diagnosed with cancer too. Emini here. Not that, but it was just an emotional part. Just was Okay. Go ahead. So you probably, I'm sorry to hear that. Yes, I'm sorry to hear that. Alright. But I appreciate your empathy brother. Thank So He, it was, and my mom, him and my mom, they had never even been on a plane before.


Mm. And they got on the plane to go to Chicago for my special. Wow. Yeah. That was a huge deal. Like my entire siblings, like all of my siblings, I'm gonna bait. Mm. Like everybody got out to support it. You know, to see that type of belief from my family man really meant a lot to me. How's he doing now? He's see proud black man. He won't tell you. We never know how this is doing. You know, we're like, Hey can you give us an update? Oh no, everything's cool. So we never know. You just have to gauge how it looks. But let me ask you, you know, with so many comedians supporting you right? If you listen, like, you know, I heard Kevin Hart and and Charlemagne do the interview and I've heard Kevin support you, you know, support you.


I guess verbally. Do you feel like there should be more support with comedians where they actually help because they have other opportunities Because you know, we all see what's going on with Netflix and some of those other things. Yeah. What your, what Your they do. I think the conversations aren't had a lot but Dave Chappelle, whenever I put it out or whatever, he text me, he's told me before, you know, if I need anything I can reach out. When we did, when 50 was opening, he did the big show down in Louisiana. She's what? Yeah, the Shreveport. I was like literally in Dave's green room and he told 50, if you working on something comedy or whatever, this is one of the better comedy writers of today. You need to book him to do something.


Those things do happen. All right, well that's good to know that's happening out there. We got more with Ryan Davis when we come back. Danelle Rollins is here also. Lauren LaRosa. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Long the roasts here also. Darnell Rawlings is sitting in and we're still kicking him with comedian Ryan Davis. And what about with you and Kevin Durant? Why you and why Kevin Durant got got upset with you? Oh, Kevin Durant loves to go back and forth with people on social media and we had a difference of opinion and I'm cool with difference of opinion. What Was the difference of opinion on He said offense wins championships. Which is not a saying has never been a saying in any sport. That was usually defense.


Yeah. And that's what we disagreed. And then he called me a trash comedian and that's when I knew he wasn't familiar with my work. Now this is what I'm talking about. It's certain words. That's the N word in comedy. Yeah. You know what Emini here, it's like, it don't ma, it's hard to go back. He could have trash anything. Horny. Yeah. Whack. Those are fighting words in the, in The World of comedy. Then you roasted 'em Man, Trash is horrible. Trash is trash, trash, trash. That, That's how my whole Day went. Like if you like, you know people now, they set up they tripod. You see they show with how they do their day. Yeah, yeah. If that, if I had done that, all you would've saw is me like sitting at a table trash. Call me trash.


What Comedian is so sensitive comedian. Most it's comedians not, lemme tell you something, those sensitive people. Y'all. Y'all are roast people. Y'all ignore when everybody else is. You gotta remember Ery Baus said it best. Keep in mind I'm a artist And I'm sensitive about my, I So many shots though. So I feel like shots Y'all, y'all removed from sensitivities at a certain point. Well first off I'm not Like was, I don't feel like I was sensitive in that moment. I kept it basketball and that. He said I was a trash comedian. He said that he made it personal. I would, I kept it basketball. But I was like, since we want to get personal, You wanna be funny, You wanna be, yeah, you want to step in the my arena, let's, let's see how you fair.


I can't beat you in basketball but I promise you I'm way better at this. I don't know, I think people just look at, 'cause I know what you're talking about, but like when you got, y'all are like, we look to you guys for relief. So it's like, it's hard for us to see y'all as anything but that sometimes. And that's messed up that y'all don't see us as people. Smokey Robinson. People say I'm the life of the party 'cause I tell a joke or two. But take a good look in my face and you see I'm frowning. We as comics, as much as someone going to the show is therapeutic for them, it's therapeutic for us. And the best commons are the ones that whatever they're dealing with in life, they know how to go up, go on stage and talk about things that's troubling them. Right. On my special, I talk about, I talk about my relationship.


I have a fractured relationship with my mother. I talk about that. I talk about That must have been difficult to do that in front of her. Oh what? Look, she, she had something to say but she was there. She supported. So I always love her for that. What does Fractured relationship Mean? Whenever, especially in our community, the woman, the matriarch of the family. You know, she can do no wrong at times and then she does do wrong. You gotta have that grace. You don't ever disconnect from your mother. And I made the decision not to really speak to my mother for several years. Wow. Oh that's tough. Yeah. And I talk about that in the set. You know what Emini here, the mother of my children almost died.


You know, Carrie And I, children, I talk about that. I talk about, that's what I'm saying. I I, I turn those, those things into levity. I talk about race, I talk about political correctness, I talk about relationships. I talk about everything because there aren't spaces for that. I talk about suicide And I think people don't realize. 'cause if you don't go to my shows, you don't know. They've been, there've been many black men who walk up to me and go, you know, I have a kind of a fractured relationship with my mother and there's no space for us. Nobody's talking about what it is to be a black man in that space. To look at the woman who created you and not feel the connection.


That's the person we want to love us the most. You know the people who don't feel that love, where do they go for levity? And that's what I try to provide. But do You give her grace? Right? No, I had to give her grace. 'cause my mom's super young. My mom had me as a teenager And I wasn't even a first child. Mm mm So, you know, understanding, I had my first child at 26 And I wasn't ready. So having my third one at like 17, you know, I couldn't even imagine what, you know, she never had a chance to become an adult before she started raising children of her own. But your mother had three children by the age of 17. Four by 19. Wow. Four By 19. Yeah. So, And was your father a lot older? Was it one of the He's older. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.


He's older. I talk about that in the special. What Was that dynamic like for you though? Just because Emini here, the relationship ended up fractured. But like coming up and your mom is growing up with you with three other kids, four other kids. It almost Like that was your sister. It wasn't really Like your mom Because you see her as mom. That's mom. 'cause she, we weren't raised like she's, we weren't raised by grandma. Like my parents were married. They raised us together. It wasn't until you get to become an adult. Like I'm 38, my mom was 38 when I was 21 And I had older siblings. That's Crazy. That's crazy. That's when I started to see how young she was before it was always, that's my mom. When she came and saw you, was that her first time hearing the jokes about y'all relationship?


Yeah. Yeah. But I've talked about our relationship on podcasts And I never said what exactly it was or whatever she did because it was, you know, that's between us. But the thing is, she won't admit to it. And there'll be people who watch this who know what I'm talking about. When you confront your parents about what it is or what trauma they brought to you or what they did or, and it's not that you're saying you're a bad parent. This is my experience of you. And then the first thing they'll say is also, I was the worst parent ever. No, I wouldn't be here if you were a bad parent. I wouldn't, I wouldn't purchase the home and give you that. If I thought you were a bad parent, I wouldn't praise you the way I do if you were a bad parent.


This is where I feel like something went wrong in my development and your parents did the best they could. Right. Whether you believe it or not. Even if you like, well they could have done better what they couldn't see. How many of us actually see the things that we do that we're messing up. Somebody has to tell you. Usually somebody has to tell you how they're experiencing you. You don't get to tell people how they should experience you. Absolutely. Well what can they find you? How, where can they find your comedy special? Underrated. If they wanna see it paid for it, Man. Yeah. Go to, you can go to my Instagram. Right. But you go to Patreon, type in Ryan Davis. It'll, it'll come up. Just go to Patreon, type in Ryan Davis. It'll Come up. And if you wanna see him live, he's performing at the Gramercy Theater on April 12th In here in New York.


That's Right. And we appreciate you for joining us. And you see down there, we ain't make no booty jokes today. Nothing. We left the hall alone. See, they didn't felt uncomfortable. I kinda, I missed the booty. No, no, nevermind. Nevermind. It's Ryan Davis. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club y'all. The Breakfast Club. It's time for pass the A. Yeah. DJ come spin. Now come spin You really?


You really disappointing today. Nyla Simone. How am I really big Nyla. What's up? You go to St. John's. Your team finally made it to March Madness. You got a Morehouse. I, I, I I love my HBCUs. First Of all, We asked you went to St. John's 'cause of j Cole and you finally made it to the March Madness Tournament. Well If St. John's was to send me some merch, I already paid tuition. Like somebody gave me this for Free. That's classic by the way. Can lose college More house. She went to St. John's. Okay. And they also lost by the way. But it's cool. Good morning Nala. Good Morning. Like why are you coming off So hot? Good morning Nala. By the way, he's Dominican and don't never rep Dominican and wear nothing Dominican. So don't let him talk to you like that. I am not Dominican, I'm black And I always represent Hampton man.


People really think you're Dominican. I doing Hear what's that song? I Know but the first song of the day I'm gonna go to Lil Dirk. He just dropped a project and in the song with Janaco he announced that he was married. It's called Can't Hide It. Okay. How old is that record? His voice sound like very different. How am I supposed to know that? Oh, I don't think he sounds, well I don't know if he Got a video for that one too. Right? You do. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's something where they like holding the rings and the ring is nice and people trying to figure out if it's a real marriage or not. They said that they got married prior to the whole debacle. That's what the People saying. I saw something About marriage The, the other day. Oh he, he got the most certifications, most RIAA certifications for a hip hop artist in 2025.


Lil Dur Dur Lil Durk. Yeah. He got 53 new RI double cer double RIAA certifications. So a bunch of gold and platinum plaques. Oh, work his Name for that. Yep. The next record is going to go to Reuben Vincent and Ninth Wonder. They actually dropped a surprise mixtape before their album. That's gonna be dropping later this year. And ninth sampled Touchdown Tzo is super, super fire. Which I just wanna say shout out to ninth because I'm really enjoying these like IG videos where he shows him and how he chops like these songs, the Samples up and everything. Yeah. And then it goes to the real songs. It's pretty cool. But anyway, this record is called Anything that Boy Ruben Vincent Man. Yeah. That boy Ruben Vincent different man he be snapping bro.


No. Always put me on to like some good cruise music. Yeah. Light my L and just be cruising. You always put me onto some good cruise music. That's cool. I wonder if Ruben could capture that sound with anybody other than Knife. And what Emini here by that is Knife Wonder is such a OG veteran producer who knows how to create, you know like, like just said that bop Right like that driving while you bop. I wonder if there's any new producers that could capture that for Ruben. That Same vibe Because Ruben Knife brings out the best in Ruben Boy. Ruben is Ruben already dope but him and Knife Together Chef's Kiss man. Yeah, I agree with you. I feel like you know, there's a lot of producer tapes coming out right now but I think it's cool to see OGs work with like the newer artists.


Absolutely. And I think we need to see more of that. Absolutely. So shout out to ninth and Ru for that. Next I'm gonna go with Maya dad Don, she's in album mode and her first single off of it is called 10. That's All I like That, that somebody take a sample and really, really do it like that. Yeah, That's Dope. Dope. I dig it. I like that. Okay. Amazing. What? I can't believe you guys like all the records. Finally I my Girl too And I just, I just asked the rep 'cause I didn't believe the DUR in India thing. I thought it was just like, you know how they'd be like, oh we married, the rep is telling me yes they're married a Thing, they're really married. I been doing research when she playing songs. You just, just don't stop Bitch. She just had to reach out to somebody. Know what I'm saying? I told you her, his manager told me that. Oh you didn't Say that She Didn't trust you. She, I didn't hear you say that.


Yeah, His manager told me that. I thought you said they But so when Is my album dropping? Soon but that song is actually dropping Friday. That's like a early release right here. I Love her. She's like Friday ISN in today Or next Friday? Next Friday. Oh okay, okay. Yeah that's my record next Friday. Dope. Like She just as a person, she's just a, I love her Big personality. Love it. Funny, funny as hell. TikTok Instagram makes you guys follow her but also really, really a spitter. Like she does records like this but she also got like real rap records. Gotcha. So yeah, shout out to Maya. Big fan. Big fan. And then, okay I have one more exclusive, like I said that Maya record drops Friday but we also have you from the exclusives. Huh? You trying to up me? Yeah I need a drop but I don't want, I want mine to be like world premiere.


Can we do like a world premiere drop? This one is from Lauren Osa and Jess. Hilarious. It's called The job is mine. I ain't Got nothing else to do. Y'all ain't got nothing else to do. Listen, that's what I was thinking when you was shooting was kicked Bmy. So who's Monica? Who's Brandy? I'm Brandy. Duh. She apparently she is, she is Brandy And she Damon shoes. I was gonna Say you could be either one. But Your voice wasn't giving Brandy though. But you did sound scared. You sounded like, I don't wanna say the wrong thing 'cause Jeff might punch me in the face. You should have recorded that by yourself. No, we had to do it together. That's The point I was trying to get, you know how Brandy be having like that soft, like the soft.


That's what I was trying to get. Y'all miss the tone Should fight. You don't do brand like that. You was not trying to channel Brandy just now. I was like, you know she'd be like, can I talk to you about something like I was trying to do that. That would be Brandy from Love and Hip Hop Ain't Ain't Ray's sister Brandy. It's The video Black and white and everything. No, the video is not black and white. The video is in color and the video will just in color. Yep. It's gonna be dropping after we aired the full song in the next hour on the radio. It's our debut. Wow. Gosh. Sure. Got tuned into it. Listen, the the vocals Alright y'all, y'all trying to saying the vocals wasn't that but the, the music video Rap be creep. Thank You. Yeah. Y'all know I, I got, Hey y'all, I got connect to studios producers.


We could do something with the vocal Don Waste. Don't Waste Your Money. Okay. They put a what they did too, A reverb. They hat Him. Oh, reverb. Okay. They did something. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He did Something. I don't think that was wrong with the Voss. It was just Lauren really did sound scared. I didn't, I didn't think it wasn't nothing wrong with the vocals. Lauren really sounded like she was fearing for her life. Lord Mercy mine. No, you gotta watch the video. Y'all gotta and that was, that was my rele. That was me. What did what they be doing? Rifting. I Don Rifting. You thought Jess was gonna push your wig back? That's what you talk. Oh my god Mom be Made insecure baby. Exactly. That's right because it's already back S right. You right Jess. My fault.


You Are really the problem. You know that literally like you really are the problem. We come together in Unity and here you come. Yes, yes. We literally Just say it when you're not here. Everything just goes. So Brandy vocals, I hate Everybody. Make sure you guys follow me on The gram at NMO. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. We have our next battle of the beats April 12th. So our producers, if you're interested in being a part of the Battle of the Beats, make sure you guys pull up, we actually have an event at Astoria. Oh, April 19th, right? Yes. 18th. No. April T 18th. 18th April 18th. Yes. Friday. Friday April 18th. Yes. It's gonna be my podcast live.


We need to talk live and we have like a live band. It's gonna be super cute with Smith and Wesson. Ooh dude. So make you guys Are y'all gonna Be smoking In there? Nahla? Really? A old soul boy. Yeah, I am. Are You gonna have damn have security there? Of course. Are You gonna have the old school do Duo over here performing at any certified? If you need, that would be fired. If you need us, we have people you can talk to all. Okay, I'll give them a call. Literally enough's enough now. Alright now. Thank you so much. Thank you Guys. All right. When we come back, we got the People's Choice Mixes The Breakfast Club Morning, Wake up, wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's djj NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club now we got a salute to Timor Braxton for stopping through this morning.


Tamar Braxton. That's my DMV sister. Absolutely. That's my girl. She got a lot of things going on and, and yo, she actually, she wasn't messy. Like she wasn't messy at all. She wasn't like how Tay is usually, you know how she's been in the past, but like she, she got a lot of growth going on and she had a glow to her. Mm Yeah she did. Yeah, She said she celibate but she, she looked like she was getting the back blown Out. Wasn't she engaged or something or did I? Yeah, she was and then it didn't work out. So now she's saying she's gonna be celibate for a while while she finds her new man. Okay. And also Salute to comedian Ryan Davis for joining us as well. Salute to Ryan. Man, his comedy special Underrated is out right now. What is it on YouTube?


What is it at? It's on Patreon phone. My Patreon Pat on Patreon. Okay. S Luther Ryan Man, good brother right there. Taking his career in his own hands. Why wait on the the networks or the streamers when you can just do it yourself. You got a fan base. That's right. You know. Yep, He Does. Hold on Jess, you got shows this weekend, right? I do. I have a show tonight. I'm with Martin Lawrence in Norfolk, Virginia at the Chartway Arena. Get your tickets if you have Not yet. And then next weekend I'm in Raleigh, North Carolina. That's me headlining my own tour. The Bad Parenting tour will be in Raleigh, North Carolina at improv. Make sure you get your tickets. We got two shows on Friday, two shows on Saturday. Me and my brother Desi Alexander will be there.


So I see you next weekend Raleigh. And the debut, the premiering music video is dropping to the job is mine by Lauren, la and Jess. Hilarious. Y'all can catch that right now. Alright, when we come back positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for the positive Note. That's right. And listen, I want to tell y'all before I do the positive note, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. All the Black effect VIP experience, tickets are sold out, but there's still some general admission left. You can go to black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Tanking j Valentine are gonna be on that stage doing the RB Money podcast live. Carrie Champions gonna be there doing the Naked Podcast live. Sarah Jakes Roberts is gonna be there doing her Woman Evolve podcast Live Decisions Decisions is gonna be hosting it. So go get your tickets, man black effect.com/podcast festival and we'll see you Saturday, April 26th. The positive note is simply this, don't go above and beyond for people anymore. Meet them as far as they meet you. All right? Speak to them as much as they speak to you. Include them as much as they include you. Have a great weekend Breakfast Club. Bitches we don't finish or y'all


done Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Your stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs making it worse. Ome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get ome and fix your gut. Now. Call Star, star Gut to get $50 off a full body intelligence. Test that star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.