
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Good morning, us a yo yo, Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jessica Motor. Lauren, Good morning, Charlamagne. The God peace to the planet. It's Thursday. Good morning. How everybody feel out there? How you feeling, brother? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners, man. What's happening? Where you at? I can't even see you. Oh, I'm, I'm at, I'm at home right now. My, my wife had a, a, a headache this morning, so, Aw. I'm gonna stay home and help, help her kill her. She actually had a, she, she had a migraine last night, so Yes.


Stay home and help you, help the kids get ready this morning. Oh, I thought you was still hiding from Ms. Goldberg. I was waiting for Shaman From Ms. Goldberg. I was waiting for Shamima to be, I Say, oh, he was ducking Fade today. Just, just in case she had to pull up here and Reminder. No, no. I was gonna say, shut up and gimme, come over here and gimme a kiss. I wanted to see if he was gonna jump up as fast as he did for go For what? Peter is? Me? No, because you not a, you're not a 69-year-old black woman. Oh. You know what I'm saying? You don't know what I identify as, sir. You don't know what I identify as. Well, after January 20th, you better figure it out. Okay. Because, right, because Trump said it's over for all that. But No, no. I got, I got mad Love for Miss Goldberg. Of course. Now, last night, my, my headphones are messed up.


We fixing right fast. Here we go. So last night I got a chance to check out Gladiator two. Oh. This is a gladiators in Hudson Brain flag. Oh, really? Yeah. So I got a chance to check out Gladiators too. It is really Good. It is, it is very good. It's, of course, it's not as great as the, the first one, but it's really good. And Denzel does this damn thing. I was kind of concerned, but how do you, What kind of dumb ass question? What kind of, what kind of thing Zel does? His damn damn Butzel Was gonna be like Two movie. It's like from the, the, You know, from Rome and, and, and back in the Gladiator days. And You know Fred, do You know who that is, bro? I know. Don't Denzel Washington one of the greatest actors of all time talking. That's, I know you identify as a what? Age or age? Six, 9-year-old Black, black woman.


Black woman. Yeah. Because you would've known that Denzel be doing his thing, and you would've never went in there thinking he was gonna be in the Tubie movie. I mean, there's one part that Denzel was still Denzel, like from training day. It, it did came out a little bit. But besides that, ah, the movie was really good. It was a long movie too. I think two hours was long. Denzel from Training Day, it Pops out a little bit. I ain't gonna lie. The last scene when he was on the horse, you'll see when, when, I mean, Did that watch the movie? Have you seen Man, all of them. Yeah. I don't Believe that. Equalizer one, equalizer two, equalizer Three Training Day. The one where his son lost the Heart. I, I done seen every Flight, safe House, bookie, Eli, every gangster, the Great Debaters. Remember the Titan's Hurricane? Every He Got Game. But I'm telling you, you'll see when you get a chance to check out the movie training. The, the training day.


Denzel pops out at the end a little bit, you'll see. Mm. But it was a great flick though. Gladiator too. If you get a chance, definitely go check it out. Pretty long. Of course. Not as good as the first one, but it was a, a great flick. Got to see it last night with the wife. Me and the wife went out on date night, so it was pretty cool. Oh, Did he kiss anybody? He didn't kiss the man, right? They said that wasn't true, right? Nah, just on the cheek. He kissed a bunch of people on the cheek, kissed a bunch of white men's hands, but no, no lip to lip. Okay. Is that what you wanted to see? No. Oh, I, That's what you paid attention to. You knew, you knew every Kiss Me. Well, that's, that's, oh, I mean, it's, it's a lot in there. You do. It's a, it's a lot in there. If if you go check it out, you'll, you'll see. But great, great, great, great, great movie. So that's two, two and a half hour movies. I seen Wicked. And now that You don't go to the movies a lot, do you envy?


No, because movies Be long. I know. What did you talk Movies are two hours now? Two? No, two and a half hours. Two and a half. That's long. Usually movies are album 42 hours the most, Eh, I'm a Marvel guy. So a lot of it'll be kind of long. But no, I mean, most good movies are, are, are pretty, pretty. That's pretty standard. Two And a half. The Black Panther was long too, right? Yeah. Black. But yeah, it was, but it was, when, when it gets two hours and 30 minutes, two hours and 40 minutes, and then there's 30 minutes of previews you in a theater for like three and a half hours. That's a long time to be in a movie theater. But I will say if I go out to the theater now, even though I did go see Mo too last week, Moana Man. Well, I said Moana did Mo too. Go ahead. Yes, I did say Moda.


You called the Mona ahead. I did not say Mona. I, if you go see, if I went to see Wan two last week with the kids, I, if I'm in a theater, I can see a two and a half hour movie. If I'm home, it ain't happening. I fall asleep. Mm mm Only a two and a half hour movie. A long movie can keep me awake in the theater. Mm. I don't care where I'm at, depending on the movie. Let, let me ask you a question, Charlamagne and you as well, Lauren, when y'all go to movies, do y'all bring your own snacks or mind? I don one that does. Oh, okay. I don't, my Mind used to make me do that though. Me, Me neither. I don't do that either. Who does it? Who you trying to call Out? Nobody. Oh, I don't know. Evvy. I feel like it's shaded in there, but I don don't Know where it's coming from And I might stop at seven 11 beforehand. We all get trolleys and You know, so you bring Your own snacks?


Yep, I do. Why you it lying And I, I'm proud of it. I do, I definitely do. The kids do all right. Because Charlie leaves in the movie theater's like $8, 7 59. Nah, See, but You got kids. It's just me. Yeah. The reason I don't is because I, I I, I like getting a tumble popcorn. I like getting my peanut, the theater. That's all I get. A Tubble Popcorn is a peanut. Yeah, I get a popcorn too and a drink. But when it comes to them candy with the kids, nah, we stop at the $5 at the Dollar Store or seven 11. But anyway, let's get the show cracking. Tika Sumter will be joining us. She's in the new Sonic, the Hedgehog movie, Sonic the Hedgehog three, which I seen the premier for last night. I also seen the premier for Clarissa Shields movie. I'm excited to see that that's coming out third, Right? Destiny did her thing.


Yeah. That's coming out Christmas And I can, excited to see, I'm gonna see that. Yeah, absolutely. I'm gonna see that. Yeah, absolutely. Alright, and what's his name? Has a new one. Michael B. Jordan has a new movie that's coming out soon as well. Ryan Coogler did as well. I wanna check that out as well. Kind of scary though, but I wanna see that. But anyway, let's get the show. Crack and Tika Soto will be joining us. And we got front page news next with Morgan. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rosa is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news on Thursday night Football. The Packers take on the Lions at eight 15. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. There is a big story developing out of New York.


I'm sure you guys have heard all about it. Y'all doing okay this morning? Yes. Up there. Alright, so this story outta New York as the search continues for Man who gunned down United Healthcare, CEO, Brian Thompson in Manhattan. Now, the suspect in Wednesday morning shooting ran off and ultimately jumped on a bike, e-bike and rode into Central Park. But police have surveillance video of him and are hoping to catch him quickly. Now, NYPD Commissioner Jessica Tisch spoke publicly yesterday about what they saw on the video. Let's hear more from Jessica Tisch. Many people passed the suspect, but he appeared to wait for his intended target. The suspect fled first on foot, then on an e-bike, and was last seen in Central Park.


We will not rest until we identify and apprehend the shooter in this case. So investigators say, well, go ahead. Nah, I was just gonna say, I don't think they gonna find that guy because that guy's not meant to be found. He's giving that, that was clearly a, a, a targeted hit, right? Absolutely, yes. Silence. Silence on his gun. Investig meant be Found. Yeah. Well, a motive is not clear. They do believe that Thompson, of course, was targeted, as you mentioned. Yeah. Like you said, there was a silencer on the gun. In fact, he even cleared the gun. So the police are, and investigators are saying this guy is actually a professional, so he knows what he's doing. NYPD Chief of Detectives, Joe Kenny says three shell casings, three live rounds and a cell phone were found at the scene.


The words deny, defend, and deposed were reportedly etched in the shell. Casings discovered by detectives on the scene. I believe Lauren reached out to law enforcement. What? Yes. Deny, defend, depose. So it's, he Wrote that on the bullet. No, no, no. Well, we're not saying that he wrote it. What we're saying is that detectives have discovered right or reportedly discovered that shell casings at the scene had those deny defend and depose words etched into them. So let's hear more from NYPD Chief Detective Joe Kinney on what they found at the, on the scene and in the video. This does not appear to be a random act of violence.


We are seeking information from the public to will help identify the shooter. We're working through that cell phone, obviously we'll be processing it forensically. And as far as words being exchanged, we do not have audio of the incident. We only have the regular video. He ignores numerous other pedestrians, approaches the victim from behind and shoots him in the back. The shooter then walks toward the victim and continues to shoot. It appears that the gun malfunctions as he clears the jam and begins to fire again. Very scared. Hold on. Now. So, so, so, so, so the shell casing said deny defend polls. And just like the news report said, I read the gun jams and he, he kept shooting. Oh yeah. He cleared it like Twice to clear. He, he was able to clear the jam and, and keep shooting. Yes.


So he shot four times. Four times. Right. I heard the man got hit. Yes. Yes. So Kenny says, the video showed of course, that the mask suspect was dressed in dark clothed and a distinctive gray backpack. So of course, You know, they're looking for him of the, and of course the victim. 50-year-old Thompson, he was shot multiple times and later pronounced dead at a hospital. He was in town for an investor conference. And a $10,000 reward is already being offered to find the suspect and look for, You know, in, in terms of helping find the suspect. Very, very scary. If you look at this video Piece to that man, man, Absolutely. If you look at the video, there was a, a, a woman standing right next to the, to the guy that got shot where, You know, if he missed, she coulda got hit.


But you could tell it was a target of hit. 'cause he, he didn't, he was, he had one, one intention and he was out the way He walked down. He wasn't gonna miss, like, he, he saw the woman and it was a person in the car. You saw that, that there was a black truck on the left black truck. Yeah. Yeah. They, they were like about to pull out and then they stopped. Yep. Yeah. And the fact that he took off on a, on, on a, on a city bike. Yeah. No, they, they said it wasn't a city bike. They said it was an e-bike. They said if it was a city bike they would be able to follow where it went. But they said it was a e-bike, not a city bike. Yeah. Like I said earlier, I don't, I don't think they gonna find that guy. 'cause that guy's not meant to be found. I reached out this morning just to check if they had any leads or anything like that. And nothing that they would give me. Hmm. What did the fourth Kell, shell cas, how many shell cas did he find? You said they found three. Three Shell. Yeah, they Found three. Oh, okay. Because I, because I thought I read that he got the, the, the, what's his name, Brian Thompson got hit in the chest four times.


That's what I thought I read. Yeah. But that would've been, I was, well, go ahead. Go ahead Lauren. I thought it was a leg, a leg shot. A leg shot that shot and one other shot. Yeah, I thought it was three shots. Okay. Two in the, two in the back and one in the leg. I thought they said, And the bullets said I didn't hit that part. Did deny defend that came out This morning. Yeah. Yeah. A B, C is reporting. I think New York Post reported it too, but I couldn't confirm that either. Yeah. Wow. And I defend pose, so, You know, that should, I don't know. I don't know. Give detectives, I guess some lead in terms of, You know, maybe a motive. So. Yeah. And that's, that's very scary. Like you said. 'cause it was 6 45 during rush hour. People are like, the city's packed at, at 6 45, 7 o'clock. So very scary. And the, and, and what I'm hearing too is that that meeting actually continued.


That meeting went on that, You know, those other members of that board con pretty much, not to say stepped over him, but they, that meeting continued. So I, I think they didn't know though. 'cause in one of the articles I read for New York Post, they basically said that during the meeting people started getting alerts and they were like freaking out. And one guy had to stop and say, okay guys we're dealing with a medical emergency and people stopped to call their families. Like I think they found out in real time as we did. Well question, how could they find out in real time? They still had to walk in the building. They ain't see all of the, the, the police calls and never, they probably did, But they didn't know what it was. They Might not have known who it was because at first we got the report that someone was shot. It wasn't until like 30, 45 minutes later here in the building, I got an alert from Ccb s News that said the who it was Identified him that it was one of the dudes in the, in a truck that fell out the truck that they thought he got shot.


'cause that was the first thing they sent the picture of a garbage truck. Like one of those, this loading trucks. Yeah. And they said somebody got shot. So that was the first report and then it came about later that it was somebody else. So they probably, like you said, they probably found out in real time. I know one thing. What's the point of watching that video too? Like, I, I, I you're not a detective. Like I, I have no reason to want to see that video. I kept seeing that video pop up. I'm like why would I watch this? Alright, well people are watching it to see if they can identify him or if there's any clue that they can see what it was. That's how people identify the people lot And people watching that because they sick and we love violence as a society. I don I'm sick because I just need to know as a reporter And I ain't trying to identify nobody. Alright, Well that is front page news. I know we went over time Morgan, sorry about that. No, no worries.


But we'll talk more at 7:00 AM about what's happening in Washington with the new president. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club man. Is it your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me. I'm with the coach of feeling School with the other little school. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Hello. Who's this Good Morning Breakfast Club? How you Feeling brother? Pepsi Joe, What's Up Pepsi, Joe, Peace, Pepsi.


Joe. Yo, I need to get off my chest. They, they let this guy get away into Central Park as a New Yorker. You know how many exits there are out, out of that park? There's no way you could come for the mall. Well It's a, they didn't chase him through Central Park. They just followed. Well, You know the cameras that seen, he went to Central Park, the Cameras, I'm, I'm aware, but still it's so early. So many cops is they lit the, the, the tree that night. There's so many cops. How I let this guy in middle of Manhattan get away with that? That's absurd to me. I already told y'all, I don't think they gonna find the guy because the guy's not meant to be found. Yeah. This was, I mean, as a New Yorker, how many envy, how many places can you leave Central Park? Yeah, but this is the thing, it it, it's not a matter of like they, they, he was fleeing through Central Park where they were chasing him.


The cameras were only went up to a certain Park, park in Central Park and there was no more cameras. And as, and as, as, as at his point of view, it was a great way to get away because there's so many exits out of that park. Right, exactly. I mean, this was playing, this was not like No, no novice, he he knew what he was doing. He knew how he was getting away. He he playing this out. This was not a, that Was, it was cr That's just crazy to me. Everybody anyways, hap You know, happy Thursday everybody. Absolutely. Well, happy Thursday to you too. Happy Thursday To you too, bro. Have a good one, brother. Thank you. Hello. Who's this You? What's up Vy? What's Up Trav? That ain't nothing. Chilling. Chilling. We're just at, we're just at baby. Just off today. Lawrence here. Hey Trav. Oh, what's up?


I feel like every single time I call And I be asking for Jess, it be Lauren there And I be feeling like, Ugh, my bad. Oh, what's up Lauren baby? Jesus. That Sound very unenthused. No, not, not, I be feeling bad 'cause I'm, I'm so like used to. So I be saying like, oh, what's up Jess? And they'd be like, oh Lauren, maybe she just don't like, oh my bad. Like, what's up Lauren? She might not wanna talk to you. So maybe that's what, Maybe it's just you Lauren, that effect on men. I think it's trapped. Maybe you have that effect even on gay men at the Whoa. Gay men not enthused to talk to you. Whoa. Damn. What effect, Trav what effect does Charlemagne have on gay men? Tell him Trap. Talk to me about that As a journalist. I'm Sorry about Sister Char's. That's right. Go Off. Girl Nova Shar speaking of that Ghar, I saw you on his gay page.


Char Ooh. Was gay a dating app? No, it's a, it's an Instagram page. This a boy named Raheem, but he posted like a bunch of stuff and he said, name one celebrity that society finds unattractive that you would still sleep with. This is what he was asking gay men. And a lot of people was putting you, putting you in there. Sean, Is that a compliment though? No. Oh No. It's A sympathy. It's like take one for the team. Oh, so Charlemagne is a take one for the team type of person. Yeah. Are you talking about GAYE Instagram? No, no, no, no. Not Gay Magazine. Not, You know, the page. How many pages? You know, Charla, You know that age, first of all, the kid, the kids love me And I love the kids. But here's the thing, I am nineties rom fine.


So I am an acquired taste. All right. But I am nineties romcom fine. I am the Baldhead guy from any 1990s rom-com. Come on. No, I think it's more come apple outside of vinegar, like that type of taste. Ugh Travis. Don't be telling people how, You know, look real quick, y'all, I do that Lord, I I never call for that. I'm real, real super quick. Charmagne. You always say how we spend our days trying to avoid crazy people, right? So when I seen that man shooting near that lady that was holding a coffee cup, not paying her no mind and she, and she was just running by and stuff like, we really do spend our days trying to avoid crazy things happening and crazy people man. And we are so desensitized to what's happening out there in The World that we think that, You know, talk, talking about somebody getting shot in the head and saying, oh, he deserved it because, You know, he was denying claims and like his company was denying claims.


We have to stop being so desensitized to what's going on out here in this world. Bro, that's not normal to see something happen. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm, I'm, Hey whatcha doing man? This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this Isan Hassan. What up? Get it off your chest. Assan. First I wanna say good morning Charla and hey man, how y'all, Hey Brother, How you feeling man?


Alright. I wanted to talk about that Drake and Kendrick lawsuit or the lawsuit that y whatever And I don't even want to like debate with Sure Drake fought or whatever he was, his opinion was, I just wanted to ask, ask a question remain about, I know you say all the time you got 8 million listeners because, And I just want to know why is it, why is it cool for whatever like that your stature or of as big as a platform that you got to have somebody of got an opinion about that whole situation? It's like every time, every time you speak such a one side you got a negative comment. Like you don't ever have nothing like unbiased to say is like going, Drake is like always biased when it comes to like that situation.


I just wanna know why is it like that? Like everything is all Well I don't understand what you're saying, you're saying because we said we got 8 million listeners and what whatnot. He says You're biased. He says you're bias, you only speak from one side and you have a Platform that's not, why do you only speak from one side? That's not true. If, if Drake, if Drake, if Drake, if the shoe was on the other foot and Kendrick was doing this to Drake, I would have the same opinion. But what But but what you saying, if he was doing, if he was going what to, what is he be doing to Drake? What I'm saying is, oh, He he he busted Drake ass. I'm saying if Kendrick had filed a lawsuit or filed a petition with UMG accusing Drake of the same things Drake is accusing Kendrick of, I would have the same opinion of Kendrick as I do Drake right now. I'd be calling it the same way.


I I I hear what you, I hear what you saying even though I don't agree, but what what I'm, I all I wanna say is I'm not even gonna say go into like the lawsuit. Like what I'm all like, because that's a whole, like you could break that down and it, You know what it's about and all, everything I'm saying can sound like a hundred percent correct. So, but I just want you to, it sound like for me, from my perspective, it seemed like you only one sided in the whole note. That seems like every, even no matter what it is, you Always got you. You can I ask a question? Do you have a owl? Do you have a owl tattoo on your left ass cheek? Jesus. What? No, I'm, I'm just saying you're a Drake fan is what I'm saying. You're, you're a Drake fan, right? Hit alright. And you that's what I'm saying though, obviously.


So this what I'm Just asking you. I'm just saying listen, listen, calm down. Listen, I know it's a tough time. It's been a tough year for Drake fans. Calm down for a second. Girls, girls, girls. This is what I'm saying. You the one, you the one getting seem like you getting turned up. I'm not what this me get it off his chest. That's what I called up to do, right? Yeah. And so what I'm saying chess instead of you, instead of you trying to defend yourself so much, let me get me get it off hard. Say what I, what I feel, I feel like, okay, go ahead. You only once side off my chest and seemed like Kendrick paid you like, like somebody from, from I it seems Kendrick can't page you to, to to to get on the radio every morning to your a DD or, and and, and and well listen and champion whatever he got going on and 8 million.


Listen as a, as somebody with a big platform and say listen instead being unbiased, I'm not gonna lean to this side or lean more to that side. I'm just gonna give y'all like not opinion down the middle. Like you just always Well here, well here's the thing. Hold on, hold on. Sorry. We gotta go on swing. Well here's the thing. When something is a blowout, there's nothing to discuss except for the winner. We don't discuss the loser when the NBA finals is over or The World Series or whoever you're talking about. Who actually won the game. Kendrick Lamar is the champion in this situation and now after he's won the game, the loser is filing a petition because he's sad that he lost.


There's only one way to cover that. Alright, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent and hit us up now Lauren, we got just with the mess coming up. We are, We definitely do. We are gonna talk about Charlemagne and Whoopi Goldberg on the view. Come over here and gimme a kiss. Alright about that Chair. Boy, why did you say that? The Lauren and boy We talking to you. We Talking to you. Boy, that's crazy. All right, we'll get into that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's the J nv Jess, Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get to it. Jess with the mess Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess Don't do no lying.


Don't do, she Don't nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. The coaches. Who? Lauren. Lauren And I got the mess. Talk to me. Alrighty y'all. So yesterday our very own Sharla was on the view with the Ladies of the View and you guys were discussing Joe Biden and Joe Biden pardoning his son, hunter Biden. Let's take a listen to the clip. When Joe Biden does something Yeah, everybody clutches their pearls. My question is, what is it that makes people flip the out with Joe but we don't have the same kind of thing.


Well I don't think people are flipping out with Joe. I think Democrats are flipping out with Joe because Democrats believe that they don't represent what he's currently representing. But that's just not true. That's why I say they stand on this moral high grind that simply does not exist. And I think this is also the problem when we pick sides, right? We've turned political parties into teams. I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan. Ain't nobody more delusional than me. But when it comes to political parties, if you pick a side, right, if you say you're a Democrat, if you say you're a Republican, you refuse to be objective about any hay. That's Why. But that's not a monolith. Yeah, Democrats are not a monolith. What? So why can't you say what Democrats are wrong and why can't Republicans say what Republicans are wrong? I'm telling you when Democrats are so You know Joe Biden. No I don't. I don And I at point Ridiculous out you Lord Power.


Ridiculous. I didn't say you were ridiculous Ms. Goldberg. I was never I say that. I just think that's, think about Can gimme a case. Just Think about it this way, Charlamagne, the way you hopped up, up that seat, I said, oh no. First of all, when you said under your breath, that's ridiculous. I said, oh, I already knew. Oh, drop on a clue Bombs Whoopi Goldberg. I love Whoopi. Okay? I had no problem jumping up to hug and kiss her when she asked because I know how media works And I didn't want those headlines to be crazy. Okay? But even with that, even we, even with me getting up to hug and kiss her, the headlines are still Charlemagne tha God clashes with Whoopi Goldberg. That wasn't a clash. Yeah, it wasn't tense. It was a healthy debate. Yeah, they did make it, the headline I read, I thought y'all was about to be going at it, at it. And I watch it. I was like, this is normal.


He shouldn't have said that last ridiculous under his breath like that. So all somebody do is gotta ask you for a kiss or you just jump up and give it to him. You, Hey, shut up man. Just shut up. Okay, I'm confused. So are you upset that he gave her a kiss or you, because you feel like he was doing like you don't want what your man on here doing all that? I'm just curious. You don't like a friendly guy, I'm just curious. Oh, okay. And I didn't say she was ridiculous. I said the thought was the, yeah, the notion of Biden not being wrong is ridiculous because I stand on what I said. The reason people think Biden is wrong is because he said it was wrong. The reason people are upset about Biden pardoning is his, his son is because Biden told us we should be upset about him pardoning his son. He said over and over and over again that he wouldn't do that because nobody is above the law that he respects America's institutions.


Yep. But clearly that was just lip service, a bunch of cap. Nobody is mad about him pardoning his son, but standing on a political moral high ground like you above doing that is what people have a problem with. Yeah, Yeah. But then we also said that people can change their mind. Right? There could have been things that he thought that, You know, he probably, he might have thought Ka winning, he might have thought Kamala was gonna Win. You know, I'm from Delaware, he change their mind. I feel like men from Delaware be lying and I'm tired of it. Okay. I done been through enough, this triggered me. All right. Damn. I just feel like if, if, pardon me, your son is like a, a no brainer. It's like duh. Like why not just come out and say, You know what, I'm going to do it. And that's it. Like why did we have right after Trump won his, the PR person for the White House, what's her name?


John Pier. Right after Trump won. That's probably what he changed. Ka mind Kare John Pierre Re Yes. I'm sorry I didn't get her name right. Apologize. But she came out and said no again and then they had some Turkey and then it changed. Yep. Men from other, I'm Trying to tell. And, and, and, and so many people from the Biden administration, some of 'em are remaining anonymous. They've all said they knew he was getting the pardon from the beginning. They actually said Hunter wouldn't even have pled guilty if he knew he wasn't getting granted clemency. So cut the cap, that's all. Yeah, because a lot of people thought that he could have beat that without pleading guilty, but okay. Anyway, I'm glad that you were able to, You know, kiss and hug it out. Y'all cool though? I'm Of course I love Miss Whoopy Goldberg. I'm just mad she ain't gonna get that switch for you. That's what it was giving. She was about to put you over her lap.


Old School Charla man was shook. You see how fast he got up? Yo, your mom get the remote. He was like, all Your legs was swinging in that seat, wasn't they Charlotte? 'cause when you jumped, I'm like, oh, that was a little jump for him. Yeah, definitely jumped out that chair. Can y'all, Y'all can't take nothing serious, huh? Y Nope. No, not at all. All right, so, so yesterday also in New York, flavor Flav attended the Christmas tree lighting at Rockefeller Center. Now this is a big deal. It happens every year for those of you guys who are not in New York and do not know. So it was lit yesterday, Wednesday night. They had a bunch of different performances for the second year in a row. Kelly Clarkson hosted the event. You had special guest performers like the Backstreet Boys, Jennifer Hudson, the Radio City Rock, Rockette's, like a bunch of different people.


Now, flavor Flav was there just attending as You know, one of the celebrities that were there. And Invited guests. Right? And invited guests. Right? Well, okay, so here's where it gets confusing because you, most of the time when the celebrities are there, they are invited guests. But Flavor Flav is like really close with the Backstreet Boys. So he knew that they were performing. He went backstage to go say hello. Now Flav tweeted that when he went backstage, he had some issues, which made me kind of feel like, well, did y'all invite him? Because NBC, the, the, the, the Christmas tree lighting airs on NBC and Peacock. So basically Flavor, flavor Flav said he went backstage. And then he said he felt weird because he, he, he said he was invited, but he was escorted backstage to see the Backstreet Boys. And then at the same time somebody came in the dressing room, a security guard and said, NBC does not want you in this area.


And that he has, he had to leave at the same time. He says, A social media woman came up and said, let's capture some social media content. And he was tweeting yesterday and asking, what did I ever do to anybody at NBC? All he ever tries to do is spread love and joy. And he says, actually, I think I worked with NBC when I did the Olympics. So I'm confused. He then deleted the tweet and tweeted another tweet that said the tweet I, I deleted the tweet, but his spirit was still broken. Mm, he did stay after. And You know,


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those to and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime future may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor is State Farm is there, find out more@statefarm.com.


Took pictures and things of that nature. But that's embarrassing. Well listen, it, it sounds like either one or two things sounds like it was either, You know, some, some young people who didn't know who Flail Flav was or a security guard who was just doing their job. 'cause if you tell a security guard, right, nobody can come back here. Especially after a day like yesterday in New York, You know, after the shooting of the, the CEO of UnitedHealthcare, I'm sure everybody was on high alert. So if you tell a security guard, nobody can come back here without the proper credentials. If they don't have the proper credentials, the security guard is just really just doing their job. Yeah, It could have been the Backstreet Boys backs. Streete boys could have said we don't want nobody back here. We are about to perform. Just keep it clear He was taking pictures with some of them though. I don't know. But Flavor Flav is not a, like you recognize Flavor Flav when you see flavor flavor bro.


Absolutely. Like everybody. He But if, but if I'm getting paid to do a job, that's a and I'm just, I'm just speculating here. If I'm getting paid to do a job as a security guard and you tell me nobody should be back here without the proper credentials. I love you Flav, but I gotta I got kids to feed your time. I got job to do. That's right. That's right. I hear you. Well I did reach out to NBC trying to figure out like what happened. 'cause I feel like Flavor Flav is like one one of those people that like he's just always there and happy. Yeah. So what, what harm does he calls, but I haven't heard back from NBC yet. I don't feel like this got nothing to do with NBC. I really don't. I think this has got to do with whatever the, the venue was security company, right? And the security company. I really do. Well I did also reach out to, there's like a Rockefeller tree, like I guess like the, like a, a website or whatever that organized where you Get these damn numbers from.


You going reach, reach out to the Rockefeller tree people Email. Now you just making up stuff. I swear to God on the website there's a website answer Question. Call the Rockefeller tree. The Rockefeller tree, the rockefella tree. Me. 'cause y'all know NVY you this morning. I'm like, I need a you Mr. New York. Okay, I need, I need another source. Ain't nobody getting back to me. Then you got The Rockefeller tree. You reached out to the Rockefeller tree. How'd you It's Website. Hey Lauren will call the tree Lauren the tree Lord. Hey, did you see anything Rockefeller? Hey Rockefeller tree. Did you See anything baby? And don't let it leave fall. 'cause now that's a witness And I gotta talk to the leaf too. Okay. See what I'm saying? Period. My goodness. All right, because we need to know that was just with the mess with Lauren la Monroe. So now when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us. Joining us in Antica Soto will be here. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning DJ Envy, Jess.


Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news now in Thursday football, the Green Bay Packers are taking on the lines at eight 15 now. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning, envy Charlemagne Lauren. Hey girl. Peace Morgan. Hey y'all. Okay, so yeah, let's get into it. President-elect Trump, while he is asking to have his criminal election interference case in Georgia thrown out. Trump's two federal cases have already been tossed and he's attempting to do the same with his hush money case in New York. The president elect is accused of attempting to overturn the 2020 election results in Georgia. And a court filing law lawyer Steve Sato said the case should be thrown out before Trump is inaugurated in January.


Meanwhile, the president, president-elect is scheduled to sit down for his first network interview. NBC's meet the press. That'll happen on Sunday. The network says the interview will show moderator Kristin weer and it will be taped on Friday. And then Air Sunday morning. Clips of the interview will be released prior to the show. We interview Trump for NBC News in September of 2023, which ended up being his only network sit down during the 2024 presidential campaign. Now in other political news, president-elect Trump's embattled pick for defense secretary was on Capitol Hill yesterday. Pete Hegseth, he met with senators who will decide whether or not to confirm him.


Let's hear Heg EP make his plea. Make sure that we're putting the war fighters first. That's what Donald Trump asked me to do. Your job is to bring a war fighting ethos back to the Pentagon. Your job is to make sure that it's lethality, lethality, lethality, everything else is gone. Everything else that distracts from that shouldn't be happening. That's the message I'm hearing from Senators in that advise and consent process. And it's been a wonderful process. Now, despite a report that he could be replaced, as you mentioned yesterday, Charlamagne by Florida Governor Ron DeSantis Hegseth said he is not withdrawing his name from consideration. He is is embroiled in multiple misconduct allegations. And the Washington Post reports that Hegseth will in fact visit Trump today at his Mar Largo estate in Florida.


So we will keep you posted on that. This comes as congressional Republicans are setting their sights on President Biden's head of Citizenship and Immigration Services, blaming her for the surge of illegal immigrants over the past four years. He says, excuse me, California Congressman Tom McClintic says, the agency has bent the rules to allow as many people into the country as possible. Let's hear more from California Congressman Tom McClintic, The first day of Biden's presidency, U-S-C-I-S adopted policies that transformed temporary programs into defacto permanent residency programs. For example, temporary status for victims of a hurricane in Honduras that occurred 20 years ago.


This is illegal chain migration on steroids all made possible by an agency willing to contort and ignore the law. So he went on to say that nearly 8 million immigrants, illegal immigrants rather have been allowed to stay in the country while they await a hearing. And that has overwhelmed social service agencies and hospitals director er ea shot back at the hearing saying her agency acted with integrity and migrants have fueled the economy instead of actually, You know, taken from it. Any thoughts on that into the next story? I think everybody Needs to enjoy the holiday season, man. Everybody needs to enjoy the holiday season. Enjoy these, enjoy these last little bits of normalcy that we have before, before next year to go up.


That's right. You ain't never li you ain't never lie. Lemme tell you, it's crazy because it seems like California is not going, is gonna go ahead and skip that whole enjoyment of the holiday. And they're getting down to business because California Attorney General, the last story came outta California. This story is also outta California, California Attorney Attorney General Rob Bonta. He's telling state institutions and their staff not to participate in anticipated deportations in under the upcoming Trump administration, but also saying that they must comply with the law. He went on to say his office provided print guidance about what is expected. Let's hear more from California Attorney General Rob Bonta In response to the incoming Trump administration's threats of mass deportations. I wanna affirm that California's immigrant community has a support of my office and their families by outlining steps they can take to ensure they are not using state or local resources to support immigration enforcement.


Now he spoke at a public library in San Francisco saying the law prohibits using state funds, resources, or employees at state and local institutions to aid in immigration enforcement activities. So all that roundup, all that mass deportation it has to be done on a federal level is essentially what's happening in California. Now, president-elect Trump has warned that of course the crackdown on illegal immigration, including mass deportations is coming. So get ready. Yeah. Yeah, that pretty much wraps it up for me guys. It's a lot going on and You know, it's a lot to keep up with and I'll keep, I'll keep my eyes on that story developing out of New York for you guys with the CEO of UnitedHealthcare as well. And check back in. So that's your front page news.


I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@bnews.com. Alright, thank you Morgan. Thank you. Alright, now when we come back, Tika Sumpter will be joining us. Son Hedgehog three comes out December 20th. Of course, she's in it and she's filming a new movie with Tyler Perry called Sisters in Italy. We're gonna talk to her next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. It's Always quiz. Get the money when she's here. Ladies and gentlemen, Tika Sumter.


Welcome. Thank You. Good morning, Tika. How are you feeling? I love your show one, and I'm happy to be back. I'm good. How are you guys? Blessed Black and Holly Finn. Good. Happy to see you. Good. I didn't know your real name was Emia. Yeah, it's Emia. It's a Greek goddess. She was a martyr and my dad named me that. Okay. Yeah, so, so Latika lat is where they get Tika from? Yes. Okay. Phe Lat. My grandma somehow figured out Tika. It's like a tiki bird, a black tiki bird in Florida. So Phe, Latik. Sumpter, but Sumpter. But in school I'd be like, they'd be like Ufa me. I'd be like, just Tika. Just Tika. Yeah. When did you learn what EU fema. EU FEMA meant EU Femia Emia. Okay.


Well I looked it up because I was like, what is that? And oh, And I met some like Greek people and they were like, PHE, that's Greek. And I was like, oh, okay, cool. And I looked it up And I was like, oh, my dad kind of, You know, thought of me as this beautiful human being. Mm. Yeah. He saw the future. What'd that do for your confidence back then? Nothing, because I thought it was a, I thought it was a terrible name and it was too big for me. And I'm like, I don't know what this is. You, You know, you're in Queens and you're like, and the teacher's like Mia Uba, like, you're like, oh God, just call me Tika. So it did nothing until now, until like my older age. It all Worked out. That's right. It all worked out. And how'd you, how'd you get into acting coming from Queens? Like what, what made, what was the acting bug?


Oh my gosh, it's crazy. 'cause you don't see anybody, I mean, my sisters actually were dancers when they danced in videos back in the day and like kid and play, like mc, light, all that stuff. So I like saw pictures, like I stole pictures from them and took them to school and was like, she's dating this person. You know, or, but, so I saw it from afar, but I didn't know that I can actually do it. Honestly. I used to love watching cartoons and things like that. I only knew I could do it when I went to Long Island And I heard of this woman named Mariah Carey, who's from Huntington. And I was like, oh, that's interesting. And so I started going on the LIRR, long Island Railroad to New York and taking classes.


But I didn't know that I can do it. I just saw the TV And I was like, this is a job. Like, You know, you don't know it until you can see somebody fall into it. Yeah. Or you see somebody else who's actually doing it, You know? So, And your parents believed back then, because I mean, they had to take you, right? No, my mom didn't know what the hell I was doing. Okay. So what, what did she think you were going Oh, Because I, I used to work at a movie theater, so I had my own money to do it and take classes. But like she, she trusted me. I was a very trusting child because my siblings made all the mistakes and she was like, okay, I mean, You, you feed me it, you gotta that. Right. Exactly. And so I would go to New York and on the weekends, take classes and, and, and it wasn't until I moved to New York to go to Marymount Manhattan College.


I couldn't afford it. It was too expensive. I don't know why. I chose a private college. And I told my mom that I was leaving And I'm gonna try acting. And she was like, what is, first of all, where's your 401k? Like, You know, I grew up in that kind of environment. My mom was a corrections officer at Rikers. So, You know, she's like, what's the plan? Yeah. Because we don't know anybody who acts who's making any money. Yeah. I Was gonna ask you, when do you feel like your breakout moment, when do you feel like you actually made it that role? I feel like there are many different breakout moments for different people. Right. And I remember quitting my job in New York. I worked at a private members club And I was just done like, I was done with people being inconsiderate and entitled and talking to me sideways.


I literally walked out like just, I didn't tell anybody. I just left. And I'm like crying down the street, New York moment. And the lady's like, are you okay? I'm like, I'm, I'm fine. You know, in New York, somebody actually stopped to see, said you was Okay. Somebody, it was a white lady. It must have looked real bad. You must looked that bad. You was like, something's wrong with her. It was some White lady. She was like, are you okay? And I was like, I'm be okay. You know? And You know, I auditioned for this show called One Life to Live at the time. And I, You know, my ex at the time was like, look, how about you go for your dream? This is the first time I've ever felt like I've had like a fall somebody to fall back on. And he, I was like, go for my dream. He's like, yeah, I'll take care of everything. You go for your dream.


But that only lasted a week. 'cause then I, damn, Damn. I was like, oh, I can take care of you for one week. One week after that. Back to reality. No, no. It only lasted a Week because I booked A job, booked seven days. Damn. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So I booked one life to live and after that, I never had to like, waitress or do any of those things ever again. You, you played Michelle Obama a few years ago? I did. I did. How was, how was that? Did you get to pick her brain at all Or? I didn't. I didn't. I, we got the okay to do it because, You know, we definitely didn't wanna step on anybody's toes, but it was just from the point of view of, You know, before she became Michelle, You know, like their first date.


And so it was something that I produced and we took to Sundance and we sold it to Miramax at the time. And, You know, it worked out. And, and my friend Richard Tanny wrote the script And I got to work with my friend Parker Sawyers. So it was, it was really fun to do. And that project, like, was very close to my heart. Did it Come out before or after becoming her book? I Don't remember. Way after. Before. Before. Okay. Before, before. Got before. Before. Before. Yeah. You didn't have nothing to work off? Well, yeah. He ha he had wrote his books already, but she also, her brother wrote a book. Okay. So I got to like, understand the inside of who she was before she became the Michelle Obama. Gotcha. You know? And so that was more fun for me because that wasn't trying to replicate who she's, now I had to kind of get an idea of who she was before that.


Right. And she was his boss. So they, their first date was definitely like, ugh. You know, it was walking the line. She Get canceled for that today. Well, Where you beat your person, Not your boss though. You can't date your boss. Why you outta here in the workplace? Oh, human resource all day long. Well, Because it's a double standard. Maybe it was a different, when it's a woman and a guy, I just feel like a woman. Where do you meet your significant other nowadays? Yeah. Like, nobody goes to bars. I'm with you. Yeah. Nowadays it's the toughest thing. Like, you can't, like, I'm not gonna say you're not allowed to. How'd You know, because it's, you don't watch a human resource video that they make you watch every week. You got somebody do it for you. You, You got somebody. See, I can tell you watch, And I met my band in the bar. I did meet my band did in the bar did.


Yes. Two years ago I met, I met guys in bars. Right, right, right. But I'm just saying that's when you used to go out. Right. You know. But yeah, most of it was at work. So for me too, All we got more with Tika something when we come back, don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Larry Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking with Tika Sumpter. Now tell us about the Sonic the Hedgehog and, and was that difficult? It third installment? Yeah, because 'cause you're not, it's, well, it's, it is a person, but it's not a person. It's animation. So Yeah. I mean it's, it's incredible what they do and how they make them look. The first one was just like a golf, tennis ball. I was like at connecting with the second Sonic two. It was these huge 3D cutouts of like me talk us talking to Sonic and Tails and all that stuff.


And then the third one was like these huge puppeteers who actually had like talking to us as their voice as Idriss and Keanu and whoever else. And so, yeah, it grew, it grew as the budget grew you in the same room? Or is it like, is it individually voice? No, they're in the same room. Okay. They're in the same room. Not, not, not the voiceover part. Like they do their part separately. Like Ben Schwartz who does Sonic and all that stuff. They do it in a booth. Okay. But for us to make it real, they bring these like puppeteers and like, we're like, I love you. Sonic or Knuckles is like, I don't understand, You know, that kind of thing. And so yeah, we get to like act across from real actors. And Do you like it? I Love it. It sounds weird. Like you're talking to a Muppet And I know, but it's one time you was talking to a tennis ball.


I know, but it's like using your imagination, right? Like the, the closest thing to creativity is play. So I mean, that's what you'd get to. I, I got to do it. And I feel like I'm the coolest mom ever. Yeah. Because my daughter who's eight is like, she saw like a, she saw it and she's like, thank you so much mom. And then all her friends were like, you're Sonic's mom. Yes. I feel like I have different street cred. Street cred. She's eight Now. She's eight years old. I flies what time is not playing with none of, not at All. With or without you. With Without her. Without You. Yeah. And when they first booked you for that, what made you say, I want to do this because it's totally different than what you've done before. What made you wanna do that? Honestly, they asked me to come read at like a huge paramount table reading all the executives.


Everybody was there. And I was like, do y'all, y'all want me to come read with you guys? That's awesome. And so then they offered me the job. I wanted to do it because I wanted to do something that my daughter can actually watch. Gotcha. I Feel like everything I do, it's like she can't really watch it. So Yeah. How Is it working with Jim Carrey? Oh my God. Because he is Dr. Robotnik. Yes. How he plays, which nobody else could Play that role better. And he plays two roles in this. He plays his own grandfather and, and then his, the the grandson. And so first of all, I grew up watching him on a, in living color. Yes. Same. And so to, to see somebody who you look up to for so long, the first one I was like, oh my god, Jim Carrey. And he's like, alright, let's, let's talk about the script and like all the things and what do you think about this and help like, write this joke.


And I was like, how, what me, You know, I can't help with anything you write the, You know. But it was really cool that he kind of embraced us and he's just super normal now. It's like, oh, that's Jim. You know? I love that. Yeah. Oh man, it was awesome. It was awesome. A dream come true. Now you Was talking earlier that your mom just allowed you to go, right? Yeah. Now it's your daughter get older. Would you let her just go and say, go ahead. Nope. These days I think it's really important to allow your child to have some access to independence. 'cause I feel like, or you can be kind of clobbering them and like, You know, I feel like I used to, when I was in Queens, I would go down the block until the lights turned of course. And it was like, tka come home. I just felt like that's how you learn. That's how you learn how to fight for yourself.


I remember getting jumped by my two friends, You know, They weren't your friends obviously. I found out that day. They're Like, tinker, Come over here. I'm like, what? You got hit with the come outside. We not gonna jump. You come. And she, hey, little is like, come into gonna somebody's house. The girls are like, y'all gonna fight. What? Mm. I don What? Yeah. What did you do? I did not do anything. I think they just wanted to, I don't know why they wanted to fight me. Wow. Did you were to lose was I got jumped. Let me tell you, my adrenaline, when they told me the girl, I, I wish I could say her name. 'cause I remember that's how impacted Remember her name. I remember everybody's name. And I was like, I'm gonna fight her. And she was big and My be big, like big back or like diesel.


Big back. Big back. Okay. Big back. And I, I was Like, my adrenaline shot to my like heart. And I remember taking her hand, there was a thorn bush swinging her, throwing her in the thorn bush. And she being like, I don't wanna fight you. I was like, what? It was like, I was in a dream And I don't know where the power came from. I'm like, was it an angel? 'cause it was not me. It couldn't have been me. It was EU fia. It was EU Fia. Yes. And you, You know. Yeah. And, And I, I I walked away alive. Now you worked with Tyler Perry on a few projects. I did. And I noticed that, You know, a lot of actors that work with him say that that was the first time that they ever got paid what they were worth.


Was that the same for you? I'm lucky in this industry, like for the jobs that I have had, I've been paid very well. Yeah. And he has continued the process for me. I feel super grateful because even now, like I brought a pro, I was trying to get a project made for five years And I had it with different production companies. And I co-wrote something with a friend of mine who's a writer on P Valley, And I brought it to him. And within days he calls me, he's like, I'll direct it. This is the first time he's ever directed something that he didn't write. And he's like, you, you produce it for like, you really go out and produce it. Which I love. He's like, so I'm co-writing, producing, and starring in a film that Amazon sister in Italy, sisters in Italy. Okay. And Amazon bought it.


And so we're finishing it in Italy in April. So, and he said yes in June July. We started in September. Congratulations. Tyler's A great dude, man. He don't get, I don't think he really gets the flowers with the credit that he, he deserves. I think he gets it and he gets it from the people that matter to him. You know? I think, You know, there's obviously a group of people who don't like what he does, but you don't have to watch it. Yeah. You met your man. Yes. The husband on the set of the have and have nots. Who approached who? Honestly, I did shot to shot. I shot a shot, which I usually do in my life anyway. But he was just making me laugh and, and it was a long day And I honestly, I, I said, I will not date any more actors.


Like, I was like, no more. I'm done. I'm finished. And then I gave him my number And I was like, call me. Like if you guys go out and he didn't. And he's like, no, there's no way. You're not married. And I was like, no, there is a way. And so yeah, we went out one night and then that was history. Was he Really making you laugh or you just thought he was cute? So you just was getting that? I thought he was cute. I thought he was cute. And then I was like, You know what, no. That's when I was like, I'm not doing this. And then he really did. He's my, he's really funny. Yeah. Like dry humor And I love to laugh. And so that would, that's actually what really did attract me. Why'd You say you're not doing this though? Like, Yeah, that's what I was doing. Not doing it anymore. I'm a quiet dater And I love that about my life. I keep things very close to the chest and I've dated enough people in our industry where I'm like, I'm good.


You know? Did you date Drake? Drake? No. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. What Kind? Random man. Light-skinned. You know what he was on Drake on your mind? All the time. I didn't date Drake, but I hosted a show when I first came up called Best Friend's Date. And he was on it. Ah, he was like the celebrity guy on it. And his, I called him Aubrey during that time, so that's probably why. Oh, okay. Yeah. Did you date Drake? No. No I did not. Don't Start rumor. When you Google, when you Google it, it pops up and then does it? Yes. And then you look on the screen, it says right here, it's like she allegedly dated Drake. No, no, no. Heard that allegedly was the most important order in sentence right There. That that's why I They're trying to start trouble. Yeah. Yeah. All we got more with Tika something when we come back, she's in the new Sonic, the Hedgehog three movie, which comes out December 20th.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Tika. Sumpter. Jess, the Previous actors that you had dated, were you working with them? Is this, was Nick the first person that you were working with that you actually dated? No. No? No. Okay. This is why you, this is why you said that earlier supposed to meet if, You know, That would make sense now would make sense At the Now would make sense. Now it make sense. Did The other people on set Peep that like, okay, Tika and Nick over there doing something. Oh my gosh, dude, I, we, You know, during, You know, you're in your Justin rooms. Not anything crazy, but Right, right, right, right.


He, he had my makeup on. Well, Tyler has like a strict, don't mess up my stuff over here. Right. Because if y'all don't get along, my show must go on. That's right. And so he went downstairs to go on set and his nose was brown. Mm. And Tyler's like, what black girl, you been kissing Jesus? He's like, he's like, he knows, he literally knows. And I was like, oh my God. And then he came, he called me, he's like, what are you doing? What's happening? And I was like, oh, You know, I don't know. We, we don't know. He was just hanging out Tyler. The Person said, we ain't got no blackface scenes. Yeah. What's going on? Whatcha doing? It's crazy. He called Tyler. Right? What? Shade? Lee Stain.


What's Shade Lee? Stain. What? Hell, Okay. It's crazy. When I, when I got pregnant, nobody knew that I was pregnant. I get a phone call, Tyler calls me, are you pregnant? I was not even showing nothing. I just found out like I was probably two months pregnant or month. So I was something early. Early. Yeah. He called me, he's like, are you pregnant? Something in my spirit is saying that Jesus, I was like, and my mom didn't even know. Nobody knew except me and Nick. It's crazy. So, You Know, Dr. Umma, I just wanna know if You know him, Is he here? You And I would love to you and You and Nick watch Dr. Umar, how does Nick feel about Dr. Nick? Love. First of all, Nick loves you.


He brought your, that's my God, he brought your book. Yep. And I know Dr. Umar, I love Dr. Umar. Me too. I think, look, I I, I understand empowerment to our community. It's not like I haven't come from, I have a black mom, a black dad, I have black siblings, I have a black child. Like I have a lot of blackness in my life. That's right. I give back. I'm creating things for black people. So I'm like, I don't know what he wants me to do. And also Ancestors, You know, What he wants to Do. So I'll give to his school like, what do you want? Just Tell me because Then is it coming outta your money or that white man's money?


I'm like, it's All green. You know? I wonder if those other brothers you were dealing with stepped up. Did they ever, did they ever, because it seemed like Nick from the beginning knew like he knew. Oh, he knew. Yeah. Yeah. He knew. When you making statements like, I can't believe you're not married. That's what's already on your mind. Oh my God, I want you to be my wife. Oh my God. Yeah. I mean, I think people are, I mean, you, you are where you are in life. You're either ready for more or you're not. And I used to say, I say to women all the time, if you don't know where you stand, you stand nowhere at all, You know, with somebody. And so I knew, And I, and you are either afraid to ask the question or you're like, where are we? If you don't, if you're asking that you don't, You know where you are. That's right. Nowhere. That's right. And so, You know, and, and some people are ready and then some people are not.


And I was ready when I met Nick. And so, and so was he, This might be a stupid question, but is there anything you learned on mixed dish that you bring into your, your life now? You know, I try not to bring any baggage that I've had onto my daughter. 'cause her, her experience is gonna be so different than mine in a lot of different ways. Like, I'll, I'll be, we homeschool our daughter now. We took her out of our, our private school. And she, we read more than ever, we do more math than ever. But we've been reading these civil rights. Actually, Nick reads them to her and he, she's like, I love history mom. And she's like, how could somebody not let people sit where they wanna sit? Mm. And one day she came home when she was in school, she's like, mom, You know Martin Luther King Junior, right?


I was like, yeah. She's like, No. She think You know him. Yeah. No, no. One day she, one day she know You know him. Right? Like you knew him, knew him. She's like, That man who shot him looked like Dad. Damn Right. Damn. She, I was like, well calm down, down, calm down. She's like, he looked like dad. Well, You know, kids say the Darnest thing. Jesus Christ. Damn. How did y'all explain that to her? Oh, like what? I was like, You know, I was like, people were crazy. Yeah. I was like, and yeah, I mean that's what happened. And we talked to our child how we wanna give her.


For me, I remember, You know, you grew up like, You know, kids aren't meant to talk or just sit there and be quiet. But I think for me, what I struggled with was not understanding my own emotions as I got older. Yeah. Not being able to communicate with a guy and tell him what I actually want. 'cause I'm like, oh, what do I feel? What do I feel? And I want my daughter to be able to express herself. Yeah. And so I don't think she talks back to me. She just asks a lot of questions and she's like, well I need to understand why this is the way it is. Or all the things. And so I'm giving her the tools to be able to speak up for herself. And you want, you say you want your kid to have a voice, then you gotta give him a voice. That's right. And to have. And so that's how I feel with my daughter. So we talk about a lot. Absolutely. Well make sure you hold on. She got a children's book coming out too called. I Got It from My Mama.


I got it from Mom. I got it from my mama. I got it from my Mama. Yeah. It comes out next year around Mom's Day. Mother's Day. And you could pre-order it now, but it's really about the idea of like old school parenting mixed with new school parenting. And when gentle parenting is not so gentle. And so it's this idea of like this little girl being like, I got this from my mama. I got this. And it shows all these things like


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends asked me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time. Share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola, copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company.


I love how she does her hair. And I try and she sprays this perfume and then I spray my dream. She, all these things she's gotten from her mom. Her mom one day snaps at her and she goes to school and she ends up snapping at somebody like her mom. And her mom is basically like, where'd you get that from? And she's like, I got it from you mama. Mm. And so it's the idea of mirroring what we see and it's okay as long as you repair it. And so the mom basically takes responsibility and apologizes to her child for snapping. And I think for me, like even to this day, my mom did something to my daughter and she's like, I ain't apologizing. And I'm like, mom, it's okay. It doesn't take anything from you to just apologize. Like 'cause you're teaching your child.


That's right. Behavior. Behavior. That's right. You know what I mean? Like when you're all, I'm not apologizing, you're a kid. They're growing up thinking they don't need to ap you're, you're, it's a cycle of, You know, chaos. We have to break that. Yes. And so for me, it's me. It's, it's the understanding of newness and, and what that means in parenting. And so it's called, I got it from my mama, so I hope you pre-order it. That's amazing. That's definitely Gonna pre-order that. I saw you post this on Instagram once And I thought it was good. You said, would you speak to your best friend the way you speak to yourself? Oh my gosh. I feel like I'm guilty of this. Like, the way we we're so hard on ourselves nowadays and especially like the hustle culture and like, You know, Jess is doing this Yeah. And Envy's doing that and you're, you have all these pod like you're doing, we look at all these people and thinking I'm not doing enough, or I'm not enough or I'm not smart enough to do what they do.


Or it's like, do what you do and speak to yourself how you I would never just, if we were best friends, I wouldn't be mean to you. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Or or if you were talking about yourself crazy. I'd be like, are you crazy? You're bo you're amazing. And then we go home and we're like beating ourselves up daily and it's like you're literally whipping your own self. Yeah. You know, into a frenzy. And so I just feel like, talk to yourself how you would talk to your best friend. I got a home girl named Rachel. She would like, if you, if she heard me talking crazy about myself, she'd be like, don't talk to my friend like that. That's Right. That's right. I agree with Rachel. Yep. That's Rachel and Dr. Umar. I know that's right. And Nick started doing some re research and be like, what you mean you agree with Dr.


No? He would probably be like, I'd love to have a conversation with Him. Him. The first question Dr. Mark gonna have is, so you read your black daughter Civil Rights. How dare you let a white man teach her hers? We both do. We both do. I love it. Oh Lord. Dr. Mark, come after me. Yes. Well check out Sonic the Hedgehog three in theaters on the 20th of this month and thank you for joining us so much. Oh my. Always a pleasure. Thank you So much. Love you. I love you. Thank you so much y'all. You guys do a great job here. You and Nick gotta come up here together. One day I think you, we have Dr. Umma sitting. No, that would be amazing Fireworks. Oh Lord, you crazy, crazy.


It's Tka Sumter. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren. La News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lie. Don't do, don't spare nobody Worldwide. Worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a Lauren. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. All right, so a little relationship update here or not very much so you in a relationship. Why you outta my business? Oh not you. Okay, I'm sorry. You know dad ain't in no relationship.


Why you asking questions? You know the answer to How about that? Sorry. Why Couldn't be me? That's What I was Asking Charlemagne. Huh? You gonna be So mad. You Gonna be so mad when I get In And when I, when I get in in And I stop talking to all of y'all 'cause I'm be so in love. Don't act like you feel a way. Okay, now let's get back. Why y'all so quiet? Because why y'all so quiet? Who am I to shadow your dream? We wish You the best Mom. I wish you the best thoughts and press Oh my God, your new me. I'm about to do a dream board. Let me live. Okay. Okay. So Young Miami is actually who we are talking about. So there have been some rumors that young Miami was dating Stefan Diggs. Now let me tell y'all the backstory. All right. So first Young Miami was spotted leaving carbon in Miami.


This was the same night that Stefan Diggs was there celebrating his birthday. He was also spotted leaving. They were not spotted together. But y'all know how that go. It's like you leave, I leave whatever. But not spotted. It was birthday party. I'm sure there was a lot of women In there. Hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Now she also spotted, I mean spotted. She also posted and then deleted like, You know you have like the like a little birthday set up where it's like the number and like the happy birthday. So there was like a little silver setup with the happy birthday and a 31. But then she deleted it. You Google Stefan Diggs age, he's 31. After that fans noticed that she was like in the car, she did like a, You know, you just do like a video on your Insta story. And the tank top she had on the emblem on the tank top was Stefan Diggs clothing brand.


And then after that she was on, before that actually she was on live with T camp and they were joking around about her being in at a game in somebody's jersey looking good. So people were like, sis just let us know. Like, You know what I mean? If this is where you going now, just let us know. But she, You know, she came out and not directly, but she cleared it up a little bit. She said she tweeted she can't fall in love with, am I allowed to say the H ho? A who? A ho. Oh, Okay. Yes. Yeah. You can say, oh, all right. She said I can't fall in love with no ho. She says she young, rich outside and she's single. So she is not in a relationship. Maybe there just if there is something there, 'cause that those are a lot of coincidences. They Could be enjoying each other's time. Right now They just be dating and enjoying each other's time. Yep. And You know what she deserves to do?


So she's single. She that's right. Is not attached to anybody. She needs to have some fun. Mama need to have some fun too. Okay. So the people need to let her live. I also think too Stefon digs is so fly. That would be, that'd be a good little look for her. He gets fly now. Moving on, still talking music though a little bit. Apple Music and Spotify did their yearly wrap up. So every year Apple Music, Spotify, a bunch of different platforms, but these two in particular people always post will show you who you listen to the most. What song, what album, what artists you listen to the most. So people were posting theirs all day yesterday. Okay? A lot of people were surprised by like their top ones or top twos. Now globally ending the year for Apple Music's most stream songs. You have Kendrick Lamar, not like us at number one Taylor Swift, cruel Summer at number five.


Sha Boozy a bar song at number four. Drake and Morgan Wallen have the most entries to the top songs of 2024, but they're not top five. What else? Oh, it's been a big year for women on Apple Music too with Taylor Swift having seven songs on their, on the, the like the major global charts for Apple Music and the second for any artist. And then Cisa has six on that chart as well too. So it's a big, I guess this is the first year they say that women have created this history on their top songs of 20, 24 charts. Now Spotify, Taylor Swift is number one with 26.6 billion streams globally. So she is their most globally streamed artist of 2024. Drake is also on this list at number four, then top 10 most streamed artists just in the us, not globally.


Drake is number two. Taylor Swift is number one. Kendrick Lamar is number seven. You have Metro booming at 10 in the weekend. At nine. Okay, now I would love to know, 'cause I did mine And I was, what's yours? I, I feel like mines was true to my soul. It was a really good balance of like righteous and ratchet. And I Is this Apple or Spotify? This Is Apple. I don't use Spotify. Like how people use it. Yeah, I don't use Spotify either. I use Apple and title still. I still use Title. I Don't use title no more. I stopped when Jay-Z left. Maybe I need to too, but I, I stopped use Apple and Title. Yeah. Okay, so my, my total, my my top listen to artist is Future then it's Drake, summer Walker, sexy Red and Ery Badu.


That, that sums me up. Okay. You know what I mean? My top songs number one you my everything number, my Sexy Red and Drake number two made Away by Travis Green. 'cause You know you gotta get a, you gotta get a little God in before you go to Big sexy top albums. It's a Summer Cookout playlist and Glorious by Gorilla. See my, my number one Mary J bbl. Okay, I see that for you in the house with the family. Number two is Drake Duh. Number three is Aaliyah, number four, SW, V and number five Jodeci. You are So light-skinned But, but I keep the RB like this r and b music all day long in my house by like my, I got like all day long through my crib. You gonna listen to music number one top song is, You know what's up Don Jones left eye a b You are very light-skinned.


But, but that's the playlist. The playlist always starts with that. Number two is I'm so into USWV number three is Love like this Faith Evans. Okay, number four is, hey Mr. DJ and number five is Twisted, keep sweat. But I just played the eighties, nineties two Thousands bro I'm not on B I'm not, I'm not judging your era. That's my effort. That's, that's what I played. You come through my crib, you gonna be you on five out the time Charlamagne what's at the top of your list? Just audio books. Soy Santana. Oh No, You know, but I listen to audio books on Audible. Okay so that's different. But on Apple, 'cause I'm not even title's different 'cause I work out the titles, it's all crunk music. But on Apple my top artists are Kendrick, Lamar, Jeezy, future Illa and Ti. My top songs are euphoria March Madness Like that, not like Us and Knuck if you Buck and my top albums are GNX, which is crazy 'cause that just came out glorious from Illa The Recession by Jeezy.


Please don't cry by Rhapsody and Crime Mobs album, crime Mob. I feel Like y'all lists are very true to y'all who I know y'all to be. But like, like he said, when I, when I'm in the gym I listen to, I have title playing so it's different music. But this Spotify is my crib. So that's like where the kids are listening to in the house. So Got you. That's why I said well at the house, at the house we be having the Sonos playing. So I don't, that's different. Well One, one of our producers, I shall not name them, but it's a guy, he was very shocked. He thought his playlist, his top ranking was hacked because on the top of his list, his most dream song was shake something by the baby being sexy. That's definitely Brandon. Yeah That's Brandon. I could see Brandon, that's definitely Brandon wasn't even was number two. Dina, I don't even remember that one.


That one threw me off. Number Two is probably Afrobeats and number Taylor Swift Brandon. But, but, but I can say this right, Brandon is a young hoe. So it would mean I say, You know, shake something would be his number one song legend. You know he out there, he out there with eat different chicks every night. Legend throwing it on the song. Brandon Legend, Let's get outta here. Wow, let's wrap it up. Wrap It up. Wow. They said three in love with a stripper. That's what they said number three was, well I was there, I was there at one point in my life, nephew. I understand. Wow. Nephew, not Charlamagne saying you need to go to church on New Year's Eve and do the altar call bringing in your right. Jesus. All right, well that is just what the mess with Lo LaRosa. Charlamagne we you giving that Don too Man. Four after the hour.


Man. Sad story. Coming outta the DMV area, there's a man named Terrell Bailey who needs to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him please. Alright, rest in peace to Cornelius McDonald. We'll discuss. Alright, we'll get into that next. And then of course as c and e is after that. So if you need relationship advice or any type of advice, you can call us now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. Is it a read? They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve to. People need to know. Well you Need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell them It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's A read but You're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne there only one charlamagne above Damn Charlamagne.


Who you giving Dusty the day too? Now? Well sexy Red Donkey of today for Thursday December 5th goes to 30 5-year-old Terrell Bailey. Terrell Bailey currently is right where he needs to be for the rest of his life in jail. Okay, he was denied Bond Wednesday because he is accused of shooting and killing a beloved Prince George County activist named Cornelius McDonald. Rest in peace to that brother sending him and his family and loved ones healing energy. What does Uncle Charlotte tell y'all? Quite often, every single day of our lives we are all just trying to avoid crazy. You know, I study stoicism, my affirmation from my daily story today was the benefits of sobering thoughts.


A sobering thought is a thought that often reminds you of the realities of life. And when you hear stories like this one I'm about to share with you, or even the story of the CEO of UnitedHealthcare, You know, getting gunned down in the middle of Manhattan yesterday, it absolutely provides some sobering thoughts. It reminds you of the realities of life. And the reality of life is even when you are trying to avoid crazy, it can find you. One of the lines from my daily stoic book today said, political winds could change in an instant depriving you of the most basic freedoms you take for granted are no matter who you are, how safely, yeah, no matter who you are or how safely you've lived your life, there's someone out there who would rob and kill you for a couple of dollars.


Those are very sobering thoughts, right? Our life plans can be ruined by a million things and as the Daily story said, today might be a bit more pleasant if we ignore those possibilities. But that doesn't mean those possibilities are ignoring us. And sadly, Cornelius McDonald had an encounter with crazy in the form of Terrell Bailey and it cost him his life. Let's go to Fox five DC for the report please. A judge denying bond for a 30 5-year-old Terrell Bailey. We did learn also at today's hearing, today's bond hearing that Bailey is apparently a special police officer in DC were told he was legally carrying this firearm when he reportedly fired those fatal shots outside Jasper Re restaurant and Largo Court documents indicate Terrell Bailey and the victim.


33-year-old Cornelius McDonald, known as Neil, had an argument inside the restaurant that spilled outside the restaurant before the fatal shooting. In the last 24 hours, prosecutors and McDonald's family telling us they are aware of video circulating on social media purporting to show Terrell Bailey bragging about the shooting McDonald's family called the incident and the reported video online. Disgusting but thanking the community for all their support. Terrell Bailey meanwhile is charged with first and second degree murder among other Charges. Oh man, sending healing energy to the family of Cornelius McDonald. Again, sending healing energy to Maria Butler.


Man this is her second son, she's lost to gun Violence Brothers. We have to learn better conflict resolution skills. This is the main reason that I do mental health advocacy. Ironically, this is what the brother Cornelius McDonald was on as well. He ran a youth mental health organization called Stay Solid. They were dedicated to enhancing the community's understanding of youth and young adults everyday mental health traumas. I tell y'all all the time, if you don't deal with your trauma, your trauma will ultimately deal with you. Sometimes before it gets to you, you end up projecting that hurt and that pain you haven't dealt with onto others. So that's why the work Cornelius McDonald was doing was incredible because you gotta get them young. Alright folks like Terrell Bailey needed an organization like Stacey Solid when they were younger because young men with trauma grow up to be emotionally immature humans with an inability to deal with conflict.


Did Terrell Bailey not just prove that an argument inside of a restaurant leads to a fatal shooting outside of it? Now, according to Bailey's attorney, he argued the fatal shooting wasn't self-defense and Bailey is a special police officer in DC and was legally carrying a firearm. Okay, well I have a question, Mr. Attorney. If he was acting in self-defense, then why did he record this video showing himself trying to get away and kind of bragging about ending up on this Twitter page called to Kill Mode Network. Can can we play that clip Red? Hey man, I love y'all bro. Oh hey, played with me bro. I swear to God he gonna be gonna kill Mo. I'm trying to get away Now you gotta be patient with me.


I'm from the 19 hundreds. My good niece McKayla dropped on a clue bomb from McKayla. She went to Howard University, she knows about the DMV area. She knew how positive Cornelius McDonald was. So we was discussing this last night And I had to ask her, what the hell is the kill mo? What is the kill? What you mean you're gonna be on Kill Mo and Kill Mo is a network. It's a popular social media page for DMV Street activity. Basically they do law enforcement's job for them. Okay, so we thank you for your service And I think it is sad that this, hang on. Terrell Bailey, after killing Cornelius McDonald, number one did a video after fleeing the scene, went on Instagram live, basically bragging about what he just did and saying he going to be on Kill mo. What?


Ain't no self-defense. You damn sure can't plead insanity because you had to wait withal to get on Instagram live. Tell everybody how this man was playing with you, whatever the hell that means. And then saying you going to end up on Kill Mo, which is a popular Twitter page for DMV Street activity and said you're trying to get away. Sounds to me like this man knew exactly what he was doing and the judge knew what they were doing by agreeing with the state that Bailey should remain behind bars. State attorney Aisha brave Boy said it is sad that Mr. McDonald was taken from the community. He actively served so tragically, and I've said it before, I will say it again. We are constantly hurting the very people that God sent to help us. We are slaying those who were sent here to be of service.


Cycle breaking. Cycle breaking means stopping harmful behaviors. And I know a lot of us are doing the work to stop those harmful behaviors, but, but I just wish it was more of us. Please give Terrell Bailey the biggest He Hall. Alright, that's Sad, sad, sad story. Very sad. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. Sending healing energy once again to get into the family of Cornelius McDonald, man, his poor mother, Maria Butler. All right, well up next ask see NE. If you need advice, relationship advice at any type of advice, you can call us up right now.


(800) 585-1051. We'll help you out with all your problems. You can call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ask Charlamagne and DJ Envy anything. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. It's time to ask c and e. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Justin. It's time for as c and E and we have X on the line X. Good morning, Yo. Good morning. What's going on with y'all Now? Now tell us what's going on with you brother. Oh bro. Crazy work. Crazy work. All right, so long story short, my 12-year-old son came, came in over the weekend from chilling with his girlfriend.


Right? And he was going up the stairs, so my daughter was following and she was like, chase something fell out your pocket. I think it's some candy. Oh my God. So he's like, no, no, no, don't touch it, don't touch it. And then my wife's like, wait, hold on, bring it down here. And then my, my daughter was like, I don't know if it's candy or not. So he brings it downstairs and she's like, well what is it? And then, You know, he got the guilty face on, he pulls out a condom up. I started smiling, I started cracking up like, whoa, what you do with that At 12? And then yeah, at 12. Yep honey at 12. So then, so then I'm like, so yeah, let's have it talk. And then I let her like, You know, get everything, she get out and I'm like, well at least he got protection, but where'd you find, where'd you get this?


He's like, I found it. I'm like, there's no way you found a condom and then just picked it up and put it in your pocket. I'm not believing it, there's no way. And then, You know, long story short, she get mad at me 'cause I'm like, like, well at least he had protection, but I'm gonna have a talk with him and stuff and go from there. And then my daughter's like, yeah, it looked like candy, but there was no candy was on it. And I'm like, I'm like, upstairs, lemme talk to your brother, you upstairs. She's like making it more goofy and I'm cracking up. And then my wife get mad at me. Yeah, Because you crack it up Because you, I'm like, It ain't funny. Yeah, Because it's funny. Like these 12-year-old is crazy. No, it ain't funny. He's 12-year-old. Did you ask him if he was sexually active with his girlfriend or did he just have it in his pocket? Why would He just have you? He, he said he never kissed her. So I told him, I said, listen, I, I I I believed you up until now, so unlock your phone.


We gotta go do it. And it really, it, she was like, yeah, we never kissed yet, yada yada, yada. I can't wait for a first kiss. And I'm like, why you gotta call him? You know what I mean? Like what Brother, brother f first of all, what's, what are you, what's you calling? What's the advice you looking for? He wouldn't know what, what he should do. You know, I'm Saying, I'm saying I had to talk, I had to talk with him, but he was like, so, You know, guilty and like embarrassed. He really ain't really wanna talk to me. And I don't think he heard it, but I'm just asking, what would y'all do in that situation? You're a father. You didn't laugh because you found it funny. You actually laughed 'cause you was on some haha my boy, my year daughter, she would've been in Track trouble.


Yeah. But yeah, like she said, that'd been your 12-year-old daughter. She'd have been in trouble. But you, you do need to have that conversation and tell him the importance of, of waiting and taking his time and, and tell him the, You know, the ramifications of having sex this early, whether it is kids, whether it's having a disease or anything like that. You need to, you need to have a real conversation with him and you need to stay on top of him and be in his phone and make sure he, whoa, pause. It's his son, but it's his son. But stay on top of him. Go through his phone, go through his emails, make sure you listening, you need to stay close to him because You know, he's 12. He, You know, his, his hormones is moving and you don't want him to do something that's that he'll regret, You know, later on in life. That happened to me when I was young though. I had a, I had a trap keeper. Remember trap keepers? If you born in the 19 hundreds, you remember trap keeper? Of course I course I had a trap keeper And I had a, a penthouse magazine inside the trap keeper.


And my mother found it and she gave it to my dad. And we grew up in a single wide trailer so I could hear what they was talking about. And my dad was like, yeah, you want me to punish him because he looking at penthouse, I'm happy. He looking at penthouse. Yeah. And I, and that's how I feel like you wanted to punish him. I had a talk with him. I did everything I could do, but it's not like I didn't laugh to be like, yo, that's what's up. I'm like, yo, yo, what? Like how did you, I didn't expect you to have this. I expected you have like, like, I don't know. But I, I Don't You should punish him though. I don't think you should punish him. I think you should have a conversation. It's a conversation. Yeah, it's a conversation. You punish him. He'll never talk to anything about it Again. And I like giving him, then I like giving him privacy, You know? 'cause he, he's a good kid. He's a straight A student. He gets, he gets different stories.


He gets paid. So when I seen this house, it was a head scratcher, but it wasn't like a laugh. It was just like a dang, I couldn't believe I 12, I was trying to go all night bowling and stuff. I wasn't thinking about sex at 12. I was trying to watch TV in the morning, You know? Well I was definitely thinking, I was definitely thinking that, thinking about sex at 12, but I was molested at eight. So that's a whole other conversation. Jesus. But what I would tell the young man is I would just tell the young man to, You know, wait as, as long as possible. But I do remember when my dad came in the room, he had the same conversation with me. Told me to, to wait as long as possible. And then he said, Hey man, also find a way to hide this from your mama. Better. Yeah, yeah, because he, he, he, he words it in his face. It's over. So I'm like, when you get in trouble, I get in trouble. So now I, now I'm getting cussed out because you, you up here drop a condoms left and right, But, but XI would also tell him like, I would have that conversation.


I wouldn't punish him and make him feel comfortable where if he does want to have sex, he doesn't find a used condom he found on the floor that's probably expired, that probably got holes in it and all that other stuff. Yeah, Of course you Don't want your son to have sex, but Most importantly encourage him not to have sex at 12 years old. Absolutely Important. You know, and You know, it's even crazy, You know, it's even crazier. Like the day before that he looked at me like I was a white parent, said, Hey, can my girlfriend sit the night over? I said, what? At 12? So like that, don't ask me that. I said, All y'all, all of y'all going,


the holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and There's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how the level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time. Share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company


Jail. You and you and your, you and your wife went to jail. That's what I Said. I was like, you're tripping. I was like, you're tripping. No. Yeah, yeah. You, yeah. You need to stay on top of him and knowing importance of waiting and, And I, and you might even, I don't know, but you might even have, might need to have the conversation with his girlfriend's parents too. Just so y'all could keep an eye on, on him. No, they White as The girl in the room. I would say, please, I don't know about You wanna Protect both kids. They could. They Each other. You don't. But girls get it so much differently when this, with this conversation, when this happens. Depending on how her parents are like, I don don't To spend the night at 12, First of all, How You hear that? You're, you're not spending the night in my House. I agree with him. No, because I, yeah, I'm not, I'm not, I don't want that.


I don't want that at all. 'cause she can say anything and I'm gonna to jail. So yeah, that's Girls normally are not allowed to spend the night. They lie. But the boy is allowed to have girls over. So you, you yeah. Don't Yeah, in the living room. That's what I said. I said y'all can kick it in the living room. But got A movie. They could watch a movie, but she gotta be out there. And a boy better not come near no house until she like 16. I'm not playing. I agree with Lauren. Ain't no 12-year-old dating. Ain't no 12-year-old watching movies at the house. I don No, we not doing that. No. Well they got, they got phones. They grew up a lot faster. That's, I have a screen On the iPhone. Watch a Movie that way. But y'all don't understand. They'll lie. Like if they wanna do it, they'll lie. They'll say they're going out to somebody else's house. They go in there and they don't try to lie and do it. You just gotta, you, you gotta develop that trust.


So he gonna tell you the truth regardless. 'cause these kids are lie like how many times did you lie Charlamagne or I lied to you. Lie Lauren, you still lie Lauren. Well guess what? Lie to you. Go ahead and you should lie. 'cause I'm not letting you do it at 12. So you have to, you have to find a way around me. Yeah, because The tighter, the tighter you hold them, the more crazy they become. Exactly. You know what I mean? My mom, you gotta develop trust. My mom wasn't the parent that like held stuff from me and stuff like that. But she was different with me than she wasn't my brother. Of course boys were not allowed in my house, even in the living room until I was in like ninth grade. Eighth a Yeah. Ninth grade. It was a while. I ain't doing that either in ninth grade. I don't think I'm doing that in ninth grade. See, ninth grade she kinda had you tell me ninth grade is seniors in school. Well good luck. XII Let us know how it works out too.


If you can hit us back, man. 'cause I'm curious. Don't call us and talk about your granddad. I appreciate Y'all all. Hey. All right. As CE 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need some advice, call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Ask Charlamagne and DJ nv. Anything. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. It's time to ask C and e. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la filling in for Jess. And we're in the middle of as C and E and we have Lauren on the line. Lauren, good morning. Hey Lauren. Good morning. What's your question for C and E and Lauren? All right, so this has been heavy on my spirit.


So my friend, she got engaged. Well, old friend, she got engaged and she invited me to be the bridesmaid. One of them. And because this wedding is a quick one, it's gonna be planned in like less than six months. I realized that I could not commit to this financially and time-wise. Okay. But I still wanna go to the wedding of course. So I told her this and told her that I couldn't commit to being a bridesmaid because of that wedding. That reason, sorry. Long story short, she kicked me out the wedding and said that we're not even invited to it anymore. Oh damn. So you couldn't be a bridesmaid so she just uninvited you. Yeah, and that really, it really hurt my heart because we've been friends since grade school and I've also been open with her about my financial goals and just everything I'm trying to work on.


Did you tell her the reason you weren't going to your wedding was because you couldn't afford it? Yes. Wow. I Don't think she feel bad about nothing. Should I Just, yeah. Should I even like try to talk to her, amend that friendship or just let it be I need to hear both sides. This sounds very convenient for you man. No, if I'm being totally honest, why? I just need you hit both sides. I'm not saying that she's lying. I'm just saying I need to personally hear both sides. That's all. No, she wanted to be a bridesmaid and she said she couldn't go 'cause she couldn't afford it and she just got uninvited. And I'm sure she was probably butt hurt and was mad that her friend is not gonna be in her wedding. But I think that's petty A question. I'm I'm, I'm, I'm stupid here. You, you gotta pay to be a bridesmaid. What am I missing? Yeah, you pay for like the Dress. You gotta pay for the dress. Of course you paying for, You know you paying for everything. Your dress, your hair, your makeup, bridal, shower, bachelorette.


Oh, I didn't know that. I'm, I'm be honest with you. I'm sorry. Yeah, It's expensive to be in a wedding. Yeah. And this Is, is it a traveling wedding? Are they traveling Somewhere? I'm like, ask my wife right now. Did your bridesmaids pay for they self? Let me See. Probably not. I mean, you got money. I mean, kind of. I don't gotta fly so that's like the least of my worries. But still like this is it. It's up quick. No, I know. I've been in weddings before. I know. And I have too. That's the irony. I actually vent to her about this, about like my struggles in the past. So I thought that she would understand where I'm coming from. Do you show up for this friend often? Like, You know, are you, when are you able to make it to other things? Let her Tell it no. Oh. So that's the Issue. See that's why I said, that's why I said I gotta hear other sides.


'cause I can always already hear her saying, you don't never show up for me for nothing I got going on and now you don't wanna show up for my wedding. One of the biggest days of my life, if not the biggest. Now I'm not putting any extra pressure on you. I never Said I couldn't, I never said I couldn't show up to the wedding. Oh, she just said she couldn't Be, she could be bridesmaid. Right. Oh, okay. Well then exactly. Okay. My wife just told me yes, the bridesmaid did pay for their own dress. I understand you. Okay. But you can, I don't know, maybe you can figure something out. You should at least be at the wedding. She un Uninvited. She pulled back invitation Uninvited me. There's something else going on man. I think you Should call her And I think you should have a heart to heart something going on. Tell her that you just don't have it. You would love to go there and support her. You know, this is something I usually petty ivy would be like f don't go.


But if that's your friend and that's your true friend and it might be a misunderstanding. I think you should call and have a conversation. My wife paid for the makeup of her bridesmaids. Oh, That's great. Yes. But all that's expensive. I don know, maybe I have too much ego to like reach back out to her because basically this happened like maybe a month ago. But if, if that's your friend friend, You know, you could say yeah, petty, but you only get one wedding. Well most people. But Why you don't sh why you don't show up to her other stuff though? It's not that I didn't want to like there's And what did Show up for my other friends too. So you don't show up for none of your friends? No, that's not it. I do show up for my friends, but you have multiple friends and if they have the same event on the same date, you gotta choose.


I'm so confused right now. So so what do you, I'm being honest with you. So what do you think you're gonna do? I think you should reach out to her and try to have a conversation. If that's your friend and You know she only gets married once she really wanted you in the wedding, I think you should have a conversation. 'cause she probably thinks she's full of doodle and you should, you, you should explain to her that look, you really can't afford it. Times is hard. Yeah, But what that got to do with her not showing up for nothing else that her friend being have going on. I didn't, she not telling the whole story. Nothing Didn't show up for nothing else. You just, that's what your friend thinks though. Your friend thinks you don't show up for nothing. Girl, he think everybody named Lauren be lying. Yeah, but that's Not true. But you just said I don. Okay. I don't know what's going on. That's why I be staying outta of people's business. Psych listen to me. Okay. You need to call her and see what the hell's going on. That's what saying. All right. Yep. Because, because because she gonna start subbing you a minute in a minute on Instagram.


That's right. She gonna be just playing a lotto song Broy for no reason. Broy, you gonna be mad as hell Yo. Then you gotta fight her because Yeah. So you, you should call her reach out. I don know I think, sorry. If anything I think, I guess I can try to talk to her. My feelings is a little too hurt to try to do it again. Like I said, it's been heavy on my heart. Why are you feeling hurt though about it? Why are you feeling hurt? If you feel like you show up for her as much as you can and you did everything you could. What? Why are you feeling hurt? Because Of exactly what you said. I show up when I can and so Friend, nah, there is a disconnect here. If your friend, if your friend is saying you don't never show up and you saying you show up when you can, there's some real disconnect going on here. Call her.


Call her and figure it out, mama. All right. Good luck. Thank you. I don't think they really like each Other. Siri, play Broy. No, I'm just joking. Have a good one, mama. All right, well good luck today. Now you said Charla may be traumatizing. You be gaslighting you, but what You doing it right now? Oh, sorry, I don't wanna talk about it. Okay. All right. Well I said earlier, matter of fact I do, I said earlier that, no I didn't even say it. He, y'all assumed I was talking about me when I said relationship status update and he just instantly threw it to the curb. Like D Hello. Do you not understand that? Like relationships can happen people, single people go into relationships. What the hell are we talking about? Did Lauren call in after advice from C? Isn't that he, what the hell did happen?


I know the other Lauren just called why? Oh traumatizing me because she, what the hell is going on? She's tricking. 'cause you keep talking about relationships since she's Not the one you always lying. Lauren's be lying and you just, you talking about you don't like to hear, hear lying LaRosa, you don't like to hear people trauma for enjoyment. I think that's exactly what you do every single day. I don't be trying to traumatize you at all. I just be trying to get you to deal with reality. You remember what I just talked about? About sobering thoughts? The benefit of sobering thoughts. Okay. There's nothing wrong with having these sobering thoughts about how you'll never find a man Lauren damn. And he's laughing. Exactly. That's exactly right. Take shots in my thoughts. Don't be sober because what are we even talking about right now? I see a need and look at you Chuckling. Like 800 chuckling Like a big man over there. A big me. We have just with the mess with lawn.


Those are coming up. What we talking about Man? Oh my god. Yes we do. Speaking of trauma tank, Davis is giving more of an explanation of why he's saying he wants to step away from boxing. He said he wants to go get some therapy. Okay. He, he wants some help. All right, we'll get into that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJNG. Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren. LaRosa is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody World. Why Jess Worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren And I got the mess.


Talk to Me. So I know in yesterday's, just with the mess, we talked about Tank saying that he wants to retire. Yeah. Yes. Tank. The boxer tank. Yeah. Devonte And Devonte Davis for all of us that are close to Baltimore, Delaware, Philly jersey area, some of us call him Tank. My bad, y'all Javonte Davis. Now a lot of people were like, You know what, that's Cap. He is not retiring, it's not happening. But he talked a bit more about why he is making the decision after a few fights to step away from boxing. Let's take a listen. That's Why I don't want box no more. I want to do therapy. Right. But I feel as though if I do therapy, it will lose the fire that I have inside me. I want everything out of me. We though, I don't ever think about fighting again.


I don't think about even getting angry. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because I have two girls, two daughters. I wanting to be much softer, You know what I mean? Be more humble and things like that. I've always actually thought about that. What's just in general, what's that like C like when you go to therapy, I feel like when people go to therapy and it's successful, you see the difference in them just by their demeanor, their tone, their patience. And I always thought like when you do things like where you have to be like sharp and kind of like aggressive a bit, do you, do people avoid therapy because of that boxers? But that's, that's some people, broadcasters like yeah That's some people. 'cause You know, a lot of people just feel like boxers are very, very aggressive. But if you ever talk to Mike Tyson or you talk to Floyd Mayweather, you see them with their kids, they're very calm, very sensitive, very mild manner when it comes to their families.


Well maybe Take might be different. No, I think, I think even with Mike Tyson, like, You know, Mike Tyson has done a lot of work on himself. So you get in a different version of Mike Tyson. But You know what people probably don't understand sometimes when it comes to, You know, those sports, especially like boxing, A lot of that times when you got that, that pain in you or that hurt, you haven't dealt with that trauma. That's what you, that's why you're able to go in there and, and project. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. You're able to go in there and project that on other people. So yeah, if you do go to therapy and start smoothing off them rough edges, I can see where you, I see, I can see what tankers talk about where you could lose that. Yep. Yeah, I even thought about that. Like for like actors and music artists and stuff like that too. Like people that get in a creative space because of their trauma. I always think about that as well.


Now I do know. Yeah. So yesterday what you guys were talking about was the presser he did with Roach Jr. Yep. But he has talked about wanting to possibly get back in the ring or just the, the option of whether he willed it or not will like Shakur T FMA Lopez, He doesn't wanna do Shakur, right. He says no point to it. Tia, fema, Lopez, L Chenko, Devin Haney Shakur, those are all great fights for Tank. Well, I don't know how many of them he will, will, will not take, but I just, I mean I think it's a great thing he wants to do therapy, but I, I just, I'm thinking about like life after boxing for him. Right. If he does do, if it does make the change that he thinks it's gonna happen. But I I, I think it'll be good for his, his family and his kids. So now moving on, speaking of therapy, Dr.


Cheyenne Bryant, You know, she's been up here. She's a friend to the room. She sat down with her show that she has on Fox Soul and it's called Truth Talk, truth Talks on Fox Soul. She's a part of that cast. And on that show she's a life expert. So they talk about different people's lives and different things that are going on. And they got into the conversation of Neo and You know, Neo now lives a the relationship where he's able to be with multiple women. At one time they started discussing that. Let's take a listen. What Is neo to you Dr B, he's, he's a womanizer. He cheated on his wife and that's why she left him. He didn't cheat once he cheated over and over again. He's a womanizer. He's gaslighting himself and that wife to make it seem like he wants polyamorous. When you never wanted polyamorous from the beginning, you wanted to be married but didn't have the discipline to do it and your wife left you 'cause she didn't tolerate that baby.


And so she pivoted from you and now you're going and he's making these other women pay for the heartbreak that he calls to himself by saying, I wanna be polyamorous. That's bs you wanna be married. You don't have the discipline, you don't have the tools to do it. So now you wanna make sure you put out into The World, look at me. I wanna be polyamorous because I cheated. No, you failed in your marriage. You, you are, you're effed up and that's the problem. Now you need to heal from that and not have these self project your pain onto these women about your messed up decision making o period. Okay. I couldn't even say the word 'cause I would never be in that type of relationship. But I wonder if it, if it was the opposite Polynesian sauce. Polynesian probably ain or probably whatever. Ain't nothing about me. Probably nothing. But I wonder If it's the opposite. If, if he thought he wanted to be married, but he's actually happy and not married, You know, I wonder if he, he, he thought that he could, could be married and he wanted to be married and didn't like it.


I wonder if it was the opposite type of thing. 'cause everybody's relationship is different, You know? Yes. And I would like to offer a third opinion. Neil got how many wives now? They, they're his girlfriends. I think his Girlfriends, three of them. Four girlfriends. There's two, I think got three. They got two or three. Yeah, two or three. So is his wife and two girlfriends? No, He has have wife. No, the wife left him because he got, he got divorced. Yeah. He, he was cheating and Okay, so, all right. I, I understand that. So you was with your wife, your wife wasn't on what type of time you on? So y'all ended up getting a divorce and now you doing what it is you want to be doing? Correct. If it's working for him, I don't see the issue. Yeah. It, it could be, like I said, it could be the opposite of what she said. It could be he tried marriage, he didn't like it, it wasn't for him. And this is where he's happy.


I yeah, I, okay. I totally agree. So I hear what you guys are saying And I think that that could be true. It also could just be guide math. Because as a woman, I think on one end it's like, if that is for him and that's what he wants to do, great. Go do that and be honest about it. But on the other end, I have encountered, And I think that there are other women that can speak to this too. Men who cop out of full commitment by saying things like, I don't believe in monogamy. No, you're just afraid to fully commit and be vulnerable. 'cause that takes a lot of work to Lock him. That sound like that, that sound like you're trying to tell that man what it is that he should feel. But, but if that's his reality, if his reality is hey he, he don't believe in monogamy. That's what Works better for me. These be the same men. That's why I said be honest, because the men I'm talking about will be the same man that is trying to be monogamous with you.


But then when they mess up, it's like, oh, I don't think I really believe in monogamy. But they, they're trying to be monogamous with you. It doesn't make any sense. Well he was trying, that's the whole point of trying And then you realize that I can't do this. But why like it happens. Like I, so once you, I Have, once you realize it, then you should go live that lifestyle and stop trying. Correct. You did. Neo Did. Neo did. That's what I'm saying. It's good for him that he realized that he was being honest and he moved forward. 'cause a lot of men don't. I'm sorry. A lot of men lock in. I'm sorry Lauren. What you did what You Just triggered Lauren. No, it did it triggered Lauren. Sorry Lauren. I'm sorry Lauren. It did Not trigger me. Yes it did. It did. Because you started talking to whoever that guy was that did that to you. What's his name? I am so sorry that happened. What's His name? Is he from Delaware? I don, of course he's from Delaware.


I don't date, first of all, I don't date people in in Delaware. Yeah. You know when people start getting nervous you Start grabbing my cup stuff. Moving my cup cleaning up on you. Done With this. You Done with this? And she be and she be telling lies that can easily be disproven. Oh you don't date men in Delaware. Now every man in Delaware looking like in life when they were standing in the line, I'm the pape. I dated Lauren. Larissa, I dated Lauren. Larissa. I Lived in Delaware for a majority of my life. So yes, I've dated men in Delaware. But I Why would you lie And say you don't date men in Delaware? You see how fast on The Rosa right now? Right now. I'm not dating anybody in Delaware Right now. Okay. Alright. Understand and envy you done with that cup? I'm done with that cup. We can clean up a around is Brad, you got Charlamagne? You need something cleaned over there? I do. We gotta get Outta here. Well that's just Ute Neo mess the Law in the Rosa.


Let him live his life. I think Neil, but Neil did exactly what it is you say you want guys to do. Be Honest. Be honest That that's it. That's right. Dang, that took the whole time. Well that is just with the mess with Laura and Laro. So now let's get to the mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now salute to Tika. Something for joining us, Man. Salute to the Good sister Tika something. Make sure you go check out Sonic three, right? Sonic three. She's in. Yep. Yes. That Comes out the 20th. Tika being so much stuff. Yep. But, and she's working on a movie Sisters in Italy with Tyler Perry. That's right. So Definitely check out Tika man. Got mad Love for Tika. She's a good sister. And let me salute the Mo Beta Jaguars.


The Mo Beta Jaguars are a Pop Warner football team out in Brooklyn. They made it to the damn near chip, which is gonna be played out on Orlando. They're a small team out in Brooklyn. And I seen it on the news this morning that they were struggling raising the money to actually get there. So if you can spare a dollar, $2, $3 or $4, they're called the Mo Better Jaguars, I think they raised $7,200 and they need $20,000 and the game is this Saturday. So if they don't raise it by today, they can't go the, the young boys can't go. Oh God. So Mo better Jaguars, you can Google 'em in, Google them. Look 'em up. It's a program out in Brooklyn that helps keeps kids off the streets, puts 'em into sports. Great coaching staff and all that.


I was watching it this morning, like I said, so if you get a chance, head over to just Google it and it'll pop right up. Mo Better Jaguars, it's the 2024 Pop Warner Super Bowl is this Saturday in Orlando. So if they raise the money today, they can make it. If not, they won't be able to go. So good luck to them, the them young boys out there. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess ais Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Rosa filling in for Jess Justice out today. And it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne? Yes sir. You got a positive note? My positive note is simply this. Always remember for those of us who deal with anxiety, your anxiety acts up around certain people because their energy simply disturbs your spirit.


Have a blessed day. Breakfast cup, bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey, It's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.