
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available Feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4, and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlemagne the guy piece of the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump day. Good morning. Yes. Who you Wednesday? Middle of the week. Hump day. Good morning. What's up, Jess? How you feeling? What's up? I feel good. I feel good. You still stuck in with that nine inches? Yeah. No, no. Nah, it, it, it was, most of it got plowed yesterday, so, well, overnight or whatever we thought it was going. We was gonna get hit again last night, but we didn't. So That's the whole point of being with nine inches to get clouded.


Okay. Good. Good morning. How are y'all? Y'all feeling good out there? It again? Kids ain't up yet. It's Okay. No, no, no. Yes. You know whose birthday it is today? It's the leader of North Korea. King Jung UN's birthday. Why do we care? I'm gonna just, well, I'm gonna tell you, well, yesterday he banned g Lizzies in North Korea. So if you eat a, a gizzy Yeah. If you eat a gizzy in North Korea, you, you, you could be faced in jail time. When You say a gizzy, you mean a hotdog? That's correct. Yes. Yes. Okay. So what, what is it He's fear that his in fear that his people are gay. Yeah. I don like, what is it? I don't know. I just, I don No, no, no, no. It's, he, he doesn't want western culture infiltrating North Korea.


That's what it is. Yes. Okay. It actually, if you serve hot dogs, it's considered an act of treason because it's a, it's a, the popularity, I think in South Korea of, of hot dogs a rising. So if you caught selling or cooking hot dogs, you face Serving time in the labor camp. In The labor camp. That's right. Yes. That's so no g Lizzies in North Korea ban the g Lizzies. Well, it is, it is more so about Western culture. Right. They want western culture infiltrating North Korea. Yeah. Right. Stuff em with some rice. That might be Good. So listen, if you imagine if you can't put a hot dog in your mouth, imagine what happens if you put a penis in your mouth. Jesus Christ. Lord have mercy. Good morning. All right. No Bun, no mustard, no ketchup outright. Okay. All right.


Whatsoever. Good morning. All right. Well, today on the show we got a couple of people joining us. A few, Chloe Bailey will be joining us. My cousin Chloe Bailey will be here. She's gonna be here with the president of the NAACP Derrick Johnson. That's right. And the president and CEO of BET Scott Mills. 'cause the NAACP image Awards is gonna be airing on February 22nd on BET and CBS. That's right. They announcing the nomination Yesterday. I don't know what Chloe has to do with any of this. Is She hosting it? We'll find out. I'm not sure. We'll find, we'll find Out out. Yeah. We'll find out. Yeah. What she has to do with this. All right. Always a pleasure when she comes, I just wanna know why she with these two guys. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And I'm sure we'll get all into her business as well. 'cause over the vacation she was out in Nigeria. Right. I don't got nothing to do With that. Yeah. People be wanting to know why she, with any guys, people always got something to say.


Yeah. So, we'll, we'll get all that information when she joins us. All right. And Jess will have a lot of mess this morning. We got donkey today at 8 0 4 this morning, so you know if you have any donkey today requests, feel free to send them in. That's right. Yes. And then we got front page news next with Morgan Woods. So we'll get to that next. So don't go anywhere. Wake your ass up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ n Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Envy, Charlemagne and Jess. Listen, there's a lot going on on the top of your headlines in the front page news. But first, let's talk about this breaking news out of California firefighters continuing to battle a blaze moving fast.


Through Palisades and the Los Angeles Hills, the strong wind storm is making it difficult to control the wildfire in Pacific Palisades. The high winds are expected to continue to move through. Today, California Governor Gavin Newsom has advised residents across the region to make evacuation plans we'll hear. We'll also hear from Margaret Stewart, who is from the Los Angeles Fire Department, who called the situation incredibly unpredictable. Let's hear from Gavin Newsom and AFDs Stewart. You may feel at home that you're fine down in Riverside County, San Bernardino County, down in Ventura County, other parts of the state. But there's a reason we prepositioned hundreds of assets and personnel on Sunday in anticipation of this wind event.


It's very dynamic and challenging to predict fire, which is why we have such an expansive evacuation zone. We want to get everybody out of the area safely. Yeah. So Stuart would want to say strong winds have grounded all aircraft, including water dropping helicopters. And this is a developing situation. So I will keep you guys posted as this situation develops. Are, are these fires a natural phenomenon? Yes. They do not know how the fires started, but it does appear to be like brush, Brush fires. Yeah. I got family out there that said they haven't had power in the last two days. And a lot of the popular restaurants have been shut down 'cause they've been burnt down. So if you have family out in California, definitely pray for 'em or, or tell 'em to evacuate if they need to.


Don't tell 'em to stay there to try to hold, you know, save that house, get the hell out if they need to. Emini here, you gotta have the money to evacuate and it's the middle of the week. Kids are in school. You got jobs to go to. Like, it's not as easy as just, you know, up and, and evacuate. You Might not have a choice if they're, if they're burning Emini here. I wish people, I wish more people could afford to have the choices is what I'm saying. You know what I do wonder too? I wanna ask a firefighter this. Why did they throw water on the forest fires? But didn't they tell you like not to throw water on like electrify or grease fires? Like I wonder what's the dnce? Every Fire is different. Yeah, every fire is different. And that's why I wonder why, depending on, Yeah, I wonder why. Yeah, Different, different ways to somehow they're ignited different power. Yeah. Different ways to handle different fire water would not handle a grease fire. We know that water and oil don't mix, so you would have to handle that fire a different kind of way.


But moving on, vice President Harris's Los Angeles home is actually in the evacuation zone in Brentwood in the eastern point of the evacuation zone. However, she's actually here in Washington DC The fire whip passed at least 80 miles per hour, has burned nearly 3000 acres of land with no containment. Now the VP has issued a statement saying her heart goes out to those impacted by the devastating wildfires. And she also went on to say that her and President Biden are committed to ensuring that no community has to respond to the disaster alone at adding that they have already mobilized federal, federal resources to suppress the fires and provide overhead support. Moving on, this is just, again, that's very sad situation.


Moving on the United States, were still in mourning of the 39th President Jimmy Carter. Now his remains arrived yesterday after being flown from Georgia. Earlier in their day, Carter's family and hundreds of lawmakers watched as a honor guard carried his casket up the steps to the capitol. He is now lying in state at the US Capitol. Vice President Harris delivered the eulogy during a memorial service in the Capitol rotunda yesterday. And noted how Carter was able to broker peace between Egypt and Israel. Adding that he was a respected global leader who will be remembered for his legacy. Let's hear from VP Harris on late President Carter. Through his unshakeable belief in the power of American diplomacy, he secured the Camp David Accords.


He instituted full diplomatic relations with China, which he would later call one of the most historically significant accomplishments of his presidency. Jimmy Carter established a new model for what it means to be a former president and leaves an extraordinary post presidential legacy. I bet President call the spirit is like, if you don't hurry up and bury me. Yo, I was thinking the same thing. I was just thinking, when did he die? Because I, I feel like it's been a While. I died at a hundred, I'm ready to go. I don't need to be lying in state at the US Capitol. Y'all been watching me lying in state for the last decade. I Was just thinking, I was like, when did he, I thought he died like way before New Year.


Like right, like Christmas made day after Christmas. Right. He kind of, he kind of, he kind of did. 'cause he was kind of already dead. Go shut up man. Shut up. He was like, we used to see him like a, a couple months ago. He was just laid out mouth wide open. He looked like he was lying. Then this for some time. Yes he was. That's crazy. For some time. Well that's, we let's front page news what we doing Next hour. Next hour we are gonna talk about Trump and all the things that he had to say at his Mar Largo presser. So we'll get into that. Alright? And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, call us up right now. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up Now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is mainstream out of Atlanta, Georgia. Man, What's up, mainstream? Good morning. Get it off your chest, brother. Hey man. First of all man, good morning to everybody. This Charlamagne envy Jess. Good morning y'all. Peace brother. Good morning. Now I wanna speak on this Luigi Luigi thing, man. I know y'all gonna disagree Charlamagne. I hear what you preaching. I've listened to y'all for 10 years. I know your angle, but my wife is in the healthcare field, right?


And when they're charging people a thousand dollars for a pill that cost them $10 and your family members are dying 'cause they can't afford these pills. That's what people upset about. That's why people in support of Luigi, because some of these pills that they charging a hundred dollars a pill, they're paying a dollar to make. And the healthcare field is getting over on us so bad that people are dying price. How do you expect somebody to feel sorry for Luigi with our loved ones close to us are dying 'cause we can't afford this Medicine. I agree with you about the price of medicine. I understand everything that you're saying, but killing people in the healthcare field isn't gonna change the price of medicine. Like you said, your wife is in the healthcare field. What if somebody got upset because you know, they got charged, you know, too much money wherever she works at and they decide to kill her.


What, what, what, what would would that solve anything? But that's how I know how much bills cost because she's one of the ones I know that's fighting to lower the cost of these pills. I'm fi she's finding ways to help these people get bills at a cheaper price. Absolutely. But people don't know that. All they know is that she's a person that works in the healthcare field. Yeah. That man didn't deserve to die. You know what, Emini here, even though Yeah, you're absolutely right with with what's going on with the healthcare and the pills and the metal sitting the shots. You're a hundred percent Right. Absolutely right. I actually think that it should be free. That's Put down. Yeah, it is foul. But that still doesn't give a, a person the right to just handle it on his own and start killing people. And once again, you, you said your wife is in the healthcare field And I I'm sure that she's doing a phenomenal job and you know, she's trying to help people. But for the folks who don't know that and just look at her and say, oh, she's a symbol of, of the healthcare system.


And what if somebody wanted to take her out? Yeah. That's that's not right. Would you agree with that then? I understand. Would you be so understanding? I I get what you're saying. I get what you're coming from. But it it, it's levels to it. There's levels to It. All right man. Well have a good one, brother. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what's up? This XX. What's up? Happy New Year guys. Happy new Year, brother. Get it off your chest. Hey, I just wanna give my daughter, what's her happy birthday. Today's her birthday. Okay. How old is she? Hey showman, you dropping a ball for my daughter? One Time Dropped one of cruise ball for your daughter. What's her name again? Aria. Scott. Scott. How old is she? How old is she? Bba She turning six today. That's What it's Oh man, I got a beautiful 6-year-old at the house right now, man. What you doing? What your birthday, what you doing? What you daughter today for her birthday?


Well, we just, I'm at, I'm gonna give her a pizza party at school when I get off of work. And then this weekend she's into skating. So I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take the whole family skating. There Is nothing better than putting a smile on your daughter's face, your child, period. But Emini here, I got four daughters, so that's all I know. But there's nothing like putting a, a smile on your daughter's face, man. Absolutely. Right. Right. She, she wanted, what did she want for her birthday? She wanted a dog and another and a little sister. So we're actually pregnant. Got So Wayne tell the kids and so we, we might tell her, yeah, I'm not getting a dog. Congrat, She want two things that require too much responsibility and that she will not be taking too, and that she will not be taken care of either one of those things.


No. 'cause she don't even clean the room right now without giving me back off. Exactly. That's right. So, so yeah, we, we want, we going to hang. I'm too excited. We gonna, Mike tell her we pregnant and go from there. But yeah, that's pretty much it guys. Nah, congratulations brother. You gotta tell your wife appreciate y'all. You gotta tell your wife that you want to give your daughter the present, but you don't really want to do it. You, you just do that to get something. That's all. I got You. That's it. All have a good one. Sex is confused. Have a good one. Yo, you know what she want for, you know what she want for her birthday, right? She want another little sister. Let's work on that. He said his Wife is Pregnant now. Yes. That's what he just said. You don't be listening. No, I didn't hear that part. So why did he say that she want a little sister?


Because they didn't tell her yet. They said they didn't tell her yet. They said they might tell her today for her birthday. You don't be paying attention. No, I I wasn't, I did not pay attention to that at all. That's what I heard him say was all I heard him say was she wanted a little sister. No, he said his wife's pregnant. So you might tell his daughter today. They haven't told the family yet. Oh. So his daughter getting what she want for her birthday. Not The dog but the, the Siblings. That's very stupid for him not to tell her today that she's pregnant. That's why I was confused Oh boy. That she got exactly what she wanted. That's God. So why wouldn't you just tell her, Hey, getting what you want. She's pregnant. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, you better have the same energy we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Who? This? Yo. Yo. What up man? It's your boy JB from Brooklyn. What's going on Avy? JB from Brooklyn. What's up? Peace. JB Get it off your chest, yo. Yeah, I gotta get off my chest man. This well problem my my, it happened right before I went to work and my car broke down on me man. And I'm not sure. I just wanna see if I can get a blessing from the universe today. Y The car broke down and, and you're in New York so it's freezing right now. Yeah, it could be a call pack issue, it could be slip time and I'm not sure man. But it's hard to get a mechanic out here. So I just wanna see if I could throw my cash up out there for me. Bad brother. I don it's Rich Fatherhood one.


Make sure the one is behind it. Rich fatherhood one And I appreciate that. All the help y'all Man. You sound very down. My brother, rich, rich Fatherhood one. Yep. Yes. Make sure the one is behind it. Yeah man. Appreciate y'all man. Yes sir. All right brother. No problem. You, you know why that brother sounds so down Because there's nothing worse in The World than being a man and having to ask for any type of financial help. Oh yeah. That and, and the fact that life be life in that sometimes at the, the worst times, like you, you just be minding your business. Sometimes your call breakdown, you be minding your business, the heat breakdown, you be minding your business and things happen. Sometimes life be lifeing And then you gotta call the radio station and put your cash app out there because that's just the way things are nowadays. Time's a little hard. I just sent him a little something man.


Alright. I said Rich Fatherhood won a little something. Hello? Who's this? This is Donald. How are you? Good morning. What's up Donald? Get it off your chest Man. Why does Donald Trump want to change the Gulf of Mexico to the name of a Gulf of America? That makes no sense to me. He wanna take away Emini here. Daytime, what is it? Daytime, what is it? Daylight savings Time day. Yeah. Daytime savings time. He wanna take away a Lot. Yeah. Like Emini here, focus on lowering gas, not gas prices. Gas prices aren't bad, but grocery bills and, and, and raising minimum wage. You just focusing on your own agenda, bro. Like and your and your and your supporters. This thing is the greatest thing happening since sliced bread. Like Well I will say about the daylight savings time, most countries around The World don't observe daylight savings time.


Not at all. That was a long time ago. They did for military to, to, so they could save money on oil and gas. But yeah, I don't, And I'm not even gonna sit here and act like I'm smart enough to even understand why he wants to change the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. I really don't care about that. But I do agree with what you're saying. Like, you know, you, you ran on the economy so you better start talking about things that actually impact the economy, Bro. He ain't going to do that man. He just focusing on his own self. And that wig on top too, bro. Because bro, that, that, that wig on top man. He, he need to let that go. Well he, He might save TikTok. Exactly. Come back. Nah, I don't have a good one, brother. Hello? Who's this? This Is Marcus. What up, what up? Breakfast Club? What Up Marcus? What up brother? Get it off your chest Man.


I listen to y'all every morning. Appreciate you brother. I be wondering about, I be wondering about Charlamagne though man. That's what I want you to do. I Want you. He said a lot. He say a lot. He said a lot of f gauge stuff. I want you to wonder about me every day He suspect, he suspect bro. He suspect. Do you think I'm handsome? Man, that don't sound right bro. You said a lot of penis jokes, bro. That's that's suspect bro. Do you think I'm handsome? I think you fu gay. I think you sweet bro. I think you sweet. You think you're Sweet? So you think I'm handsome? I think you sweet about, Hey I seen I seen you on tv. Did you like what you see Like you had a lucky you had a guy shadow or something bro. They always say that. They always say I look like I got eye line on. But you're still not answering the question.


Did you like what you see? Nah, I ain't gay bro. But you sound gay though. Charlamagne. I, I respect you. But you said a lot of gay stuff bro. I been saying that for years. Envy. I know you ain't talking. Okay. You talking about you not me. Listen by the way, you, you, you was gay before I got him. Envy you, you my dude envy you. My dude. Thank you. You my dude. You trying to, you trying to turn me out Miss LaRosa, miss LaRosa and Miss LaRosa. I got mad respect for you too. She's gay. Yo, shut up. She likes penis. Nah Y man, you got tighten up bro. No, I can't be tight and loose at the same time. Jesus Christ. Mark One Loose ain't loose ain't good bro. But look, I love y'all man. I'm a big fan. Hold on. So you like it tight. Hold, Hold on.


So you like it tight. That ain't cool. So you like it tight. Listen To you man. Listen to me. I know. Asking you questions. We having a conversation. You say loose ain't cool. Nah, I don't, I don't rock like that man. I don't rock like that. Okay. I Don't like that. Marcus, you have a good one man. No doubt bro. You too. You be safe out there brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit this up. Now we got Jess with the mess coming up. Who we talking about? Jess, Dwight Howard and Shaquille O'Neal was beefing. Oh boy. All right. Could you imagine if two, those two people fight? What one is what? Six Three? The other one's seven foot. I wouldn't wanna fight Shaq if I was seven, three something. It don't matter. I wouldn't wanna fight Shaq. We ain't never really seen Shaq take beat. Nobody ass though. He always, somebody always got the best of him.


Just a little bit. But we'll talk about it. Alright, we'll get to it just a little bit. Just a little bit. We'll get to it. Next. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with The Mess is Real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Do, She don't spell nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a coaches shooter. She was able to Get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get You to see. It's time to set it on.


Okay? So this is not really happy news. But for those who know tWitch from the Ellen DeGeneres show, he was the executive producer of that show. He's also a, he was also a dancer and a dj. He died by suicide back in 2022. And we was shocked by his suicide 'cause from how he was remembered consistently, he was a very happy person. Didn't show any signs of struggle and all of that. But yesterday people exclusively released an interview with his widow Allison Ker. And during the interview she had shared some things that she had realized about him having an alleged drug addiction while she was preparing for his funeral. The moment I was with one of my really dear friends and we were cleaning out the closet and picking out an outfit for him for the funeral.


And it was a really triggering moment for me because there was a lot of things I discovered in our closet that I did not know existed. And it was very Alarming to me to learn that there was so much happening that I had no clue. So that was, it was a really scary moment in my life to figure that out. But it also helped me process that he was going through so much and he was hiding so much and there must have been a lot of shame in that. And he was wrestling with a lot inside himself and he was trying to self-medicate and cope with all those feelings. 'cause he didn't wanna put it on anyone. 'cause he loved everyone so much. He didn't want any other people to take on his pain. But it was very Alarming and scary to find those things and have never known.


And she claimed that he had like a bunch of drugs, like shrooms pills and other things that she needed to look up on her phone that she wasn't familiar with. And she said these things were hidden in shoe boxes. And then following the interview, his family and friends had reacted to her comments. The first to say something was TV personality. Candace Dillard Bassett, she's one of the housewives. And she had said, I'm not even gonna say it, but this white woman is doing everything but protecting her black children and her black husband's legacy. She could have kept that in her therapist office. Shaking in my head. I respond Emini here. I I I agree with that 'cause it's like, damn, you know, but if, when you look at it on the other side of things, you got people, like other fans who were saying like she was probably trying to bring awareness of, you know, mental illness and drug abuse or whatever like that.


And Candace followed up by saying she could have just easily taken this story to Essence or Ebony, where Pivot Essence or Ebony, where care would've been taken to share such a tragically intimate story of a black man's plight against himself. Now it's important to know all of this, that Twitch's autopsy, like, it, it, his report confirmed that there was no alcohol or drugs in his system at the time of his death. Even tWitch cousin Arielle also went off on Allison. She said, I'm so tired of keeping my effing mouth shut, bro.


She won't let our family see the kids. He wasn't an addict. He smoked weed and was actively trying to quit that. He wasn't some junkie. She also claimed that Allison made Twitch's mother and family signed NDAs in order to attend his funeral. Twitch's friend Courtney and Platt also chimed in and Rat Ellison for filth. I'm just read a little bit of it. It said this is by far the most tacky classless opportunistic act I've ever seen in my entire life. We all had to sign some weird NDA to attend his funeral. Even his own mother who was treated like garbage this entire time. So it's just a whole bunch That, yeah, obviously you could tell that, that she don't mess with the family like that. That's what you could tell, obviously just from there.


But I kind of agree with the family Emini here. It's, it is certain things that I, I would, I would've wanted to be left out. Like if he did have a drug problem and, and that was a situation that he was fighting and nobody knew. I say, you protected. That's just me. That's how I feel. I would protect any of my family members if that's what they were going through. Now, if, if it came out and she wanted to say it, it was out and about and everybody knew that's a different situation. But you're telling people, I just think, you know, like, like the family member said, just for the sake of the family, the sake of the mom, the sake of the children. That's things that if she wanna discuss, discuss with the family on the low, but not to bring that out to the public. Yeah, that's just my thoughts. Absolutely. And she was interviewed by people to promote her new book. So Oh, she's promoting a book. Oh, that's why she's, there you go.


Okay, that makes sense. You know, first of all, send Healing in, I'm sending Healing Energy to the family of tWitch Un until you said that part, Jess, I didn't understand the point of his widow telling those stories unless she's probably trying to, you know, show people signs for folks to look out for, but she's selling a book. Mm. So, so, so that's what, that's, that's about right. But if, but if you aren't even sure what tWitch is going through, why share that or what he was going through, why share that? Because he said she just found out when he passed, like she didn't know. So


piece Of the planet, Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up, add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com


Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms in responsible gaming resources, see dk nng.co/audio.


What you're hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important the reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding with withstands severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best, protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy. But once again, she's promoting the book, correct? Yeah. And the book is a memoir. Exactly. And it comes out on Friday. So Promoting and not for nothing. There was no drugs in the system. They said the autopsy found was the autopsy. Imagine if he were just holding the drugs for its peoples.


It could be a situation. But She's promoting her book and it's not just about promoting her book. I don't want people to think that she's just using her. You know, ex-husband's death as marketing. She's telling her story. Correct. If that's part of her story, that's in her memoir. I get it. Emini here. But she a clown though. 'cause that's too much Emini here, in my opinion. She's a clown. Gotcha. So that's that. That's J with the mess as well. Alright, now early I, I know when we did the tease I I was talking about Shaquille O'Neal and Dwight Howard. You don't need To talk about it now, but you gotta go to, But I said he was, I said he was six three. You said Dwight Howard was six Three. He's not six three, he's like seven three or something like that. Right? He's like six 10. Six 10. Shaq is like seven three. Seven three. It was like seven to seven three. I got the eight. The the sizes wrong. But anyway, What's wrong with that? You always get guys sizes wrong.


Shut up. Like you can't take anything serious. That's why the guy called earlier said you always talk gauge. That's why he said you suspect Dwight is six 10. Okay. Yeah, he's six 10. Shaq is like seven foot seven three. All Right. All right, well when we come back we got front page news, then we have the president of NAACP Derrick Johnson, the president and CEO of BET. Scott Mills and Chloe Bailey will be joining us. The NAACP Image Awards nominations were released yesterday. So we'll talk to him all about his. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are chicken out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news. Morning Morgan. Good morning. And the yes and Charlamagne.


Y'all doing all right this morning? Yes ma'am. Yes Ma'am. Okay, well let's get into it. President-elect Trump is criticizing President Biden as his time in office is coming to an end. Trump spoke at his Marra Largo resident the day after Congress certified his election win and suggested the Biden administration is doing the American people wrong and claimed inflation is raising raging. Excuse me. Here's Trump's comments on the transfer of power. Let's hear more from President-elect Trump. We are inheriting a difficult situation from the outgoing administration and they're trying everything they can to make it more difficult. And I've been disappointed to see the Biden administration's attempt to block the reforms of the American people and that they voted for.


They just, we had a landslide election. We won every swing state. We won the popular vote by millions and millions of people. Yeah, Trump had more to say. He also said that the Gulf of Mexico would be getting a new name. Let's hear those comments from the president-elect. We're gonna be changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America, which has a beautiful ring that covers a lot of territory. The Gulf of America. What a beautiful name. What a beautiful name. What do you guys think about that? Gulf of America? We like it. Donald Trump. Whatever you want. Yeah. Yeah. Donald Trump shows me what's politically possible. Trump shows me what presidents can do if they want to do it.


Donald Trump shows me what can be said if you are willing to say it. It's not about what can't be done, it's about who has the political will to do it. I don't want to hear a peep from Democrats about nothing until they get the balls to say what's really on their mind in re regards to this country and this world. Trump doesn't care if it sounds ridiculous. Trump doesn't care if it makes sense. It's no political correctness whatsoever. As I've been saying for years, the language of politics is dead and Donald Trump killed it. Period. Well, while we're on the topic, president-elect Trump is declining to rule out the use of military or economic force to gain control of Greenland or the Panama Canal. He admitted that we need the respective countries for economic security, but he threatened to hit Denmark with tariffs.


If Danish officials didn't cooperate with his bid to take over Greenland. When asked if he would rule out military or economic coercion to get Greenland or the Panama Canal, Trump said, I can't assure you of on either of those two. Now, the president-elect also said he would consider using economic coercion to convince Canada to become the 51st state and part of the United States. Now, lest me not forget that President-elect Trump will be sentenced this week, Friday, January 10th. This comes as a judge is rejecting his efforts to stop his sentencing. Trump is going to be sentenced for a criminal conviction in his New York hush money case. Friday, judge Juan Han said January 10th as Trump's sentencing date.


Now, Trump's lawyers appealed the decision to dismiss his attempts and have his conviction tossed out. He is now scheduled, of course, to be sentenced on Friday, just 10 days before he is set to be inaugurated. Wow. Switching. I can tell you one thing. Everybody involved in that New York case, y'all on that list letting you know right now, you know Trump got a revenge list and y'all on that list, You know who may not be on the list. Mark Zuckerberg. Now Meta is ending its fact checking program in favor of a community-based system similar to community notes on X. Now, the changes were announced yesterday by CEO Mark Zuckerberg and will affect Facebook, Instagram, and threads. Let's hear more from Zuckerberg on that announcement.


There's been widespread debate about potential harms from online content governments and legacy media have pushed to censor more and more. A lot of this is clearly political, but there's also a lot of legitimately bad stuff out there. Drugs, terrorism, child exploitation. These are things that we take very seriously And I wanna make sure that we handle responsibly. So we built a lot of complex systems to moderate content. But the problem with complex systems is they make mistakes. Even if they accidentally censor just 1% of posts, that's millions of people. And we've reached a point where it's just too many mistakes and too much censorship. Yeah. So Zuckerberg said the idea is to focus on reducing those mistakes and restoring freedom of expression.


Now he cited the recent election as a big reason behind the decision criticizing governments and legacy media for pushing for more censorship. What do you guys think about that? So basically no more fact checking. Yeah, you Just say what you want on these social media platforms, Emini here. What's new? What is that new? That's not new. None of that matters anyway. Facts don't matter over feelings nowadays. People don't read the fine print and that's what those community notes are. Anyway, fine print. So like the fact checking don't matter, the community notes don't matter. Like nobody cares about the truth from the lies. More entertainer, I thought They put up algorithms to stop a, a majority of that or to try to stop it, but I guess that that's all thrown out the window now, right? It's Supposed the algorithm that can stop it, I guess certain keywords and things like that. Yeah, they actually, When it came to fake news and stuff like That, they actually contracted a number of fact checking companies throughout The World globally to make sure that, you know, to basically watch these type of things.


But yeah, that's not gonna be the case anymore. So you pretty much get to say whatever you wanna say. I'm saying, but what, what, what would be changing? Having people been saying whatever they wanna say on social media for years? Pretty much, yes. That's What social media is. You may s you know, in the past you may have received like a notification or your posts may have been taken down or removed. Those type of things will not happen. Oh, So now your posting just Yeah, yeah. You know how you might end up in like the Facebook jail because you said something crazy. Well, maybe that's, that's not, that may not be the case anymore Then. And then certain lawsuits come from that too, right? Like you see whatever you wanted and you end up being sued. But that's not gonna be a problem now because no offense. Yeah, Yeah. So basically again, it, it opens that Pandora's box where it pretty much brings us back to ground zero when it comes to freedom of expression.


Say what you want Emini here. That's the, that's really the biggest problem. Really the biggest problem is that these social media platforms can't be held accountable for any of the lies that are on their, their platforms. Because like if I get on this radio and say something that's not true, somebody can sue me. You're liable. They can sue the radio station, right? They can sue iHeart, like they just a bunch of different people they can sue. You can't do that when it comes to these social media platforms. You can sue the person, the individual that said it, but not the, the platform's not being held responsible. Correct. All right, let's bring things home quickly to New York. The FBI says there's more criminal conduct by New York City Mayor Eric Adams. That's what federal prosecutors are claiming in a new court filing with Adams telling news, news reporters yesterday that he has taken the advice of his lawyer to stay disciplined.


Let's hear from New York City Mayor Eric Adams, Even Ray Charles can see what's going on. I've said over and over again, I've done nothing wrong. Let the attorneys do that. I have to run the city. I'm focused on running the city. I I cannot make that any clear. I'm focused on running the city. You know, I think there's, it is clear what's happening right now to reach out to my attorney. He's reachable. So the new filing doesn't provide specifics, but Adams has pleaded not guilty in a five count indictment and charging him with accepting luxury travel in exchange for political favors, mostly on behalf of Turkey. Now to the, the, the disclosure of possible additional criminal conduct came in response to Adam's lawyer requesting more information about the initial charges.


Now prosecutors have said a super seating indictment containing additional charges is likely in the mayor's case. Now Adams is expected to stand trial in April. Of course I'll keep you guys posted on what's going on with that. Otherwise, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood And I, I wanna just point out, mayor Adam said even Ray Charles can see what's going on. That's because Ray Charles is in heaven. Okay. He's been dead. Shut up. He's been dead for 20 years. Okay. Right. Alright. You should have used Stevie Wonder. He's still alive. Jesus. Oh My gosh. So petty. That's all I'm saying. All right, That's the front Page news. Thank you guys. Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com HaveAGreatDay.


All right, now when we come back, Chloe Bailey, the president of the NAACP Derrick Johnson and the president and CEO of BET Scott Mills will be joining us. The NAACP Image Awards is out. The nominations were released yesterday and the show is gonna happen February 22nd. So we're gonna talk to them when we come back. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's the Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRose is here with us this morning and we got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. We have Derek Johnson, the president of the naacp. Welcome you here. We have Scott Mill, CEO of BET. Good morning, thank you for having me.


And we have a friend to the room. Cousin to the room. Chloe Bailey. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back. Hello. How you feeling? How's everybody? Fantastic. All right. So we're talking about the NAACP Image Awards live, which goes down February 22nd and you guys have released some of the nominations and you are about to tell us who's gonna be the host. Actually, we're not yet disclosing. Oh, Okay. I tried, I tried share other Things. We assume it is Chloe since she's here Here. The press run. Y'all got her on the press run. There you go. Well, you know, it's hard to be both a nominee and a host so That is correct. First for everything. There you Go. Why are you with them, Chloe? Like why are you, why you with the people we're family we're We're definitely family, you know, growing up as well. Sis And I, we would go and sing a lot of times.


Yes. At, you know, the events in Florida several times and things like that. And it was just really special to be a part of this today with Praise this, the movie I did with Will Pack Winning last year. And you know, it was a surprise to me today as we were announcing some of the nominations. I got another nom. Congratulations. Oh, congratulations. Oh, You didn't know that prior to? No. Oh No. God is good. There you go. I'm grateful. I think the first time you all joined us in a TP you like 11, 12. Yeah. Babies. Babies. Oh Yeah. Well I think it's important for you to be here with them, especially putting your voice on it. 'cause I think there's always a conversation around like the award shows that we have and whether people and, and what level of celebrity support it or not. So I think you being here and you know, being kinda like a face of it helps that, are you at all like working with the NAACP in these image awards?


Are you at all getting out there for other award shows and just kind of being a champion of that like, and calling your friends and being like, Hey, y'all need to make sure y'all show up. Like what celebrities are you like, Hey, make sure you show up. Particularly Beyonce. She, Beyonce came to the NAACP world before her, Andy. Yes, Absolutely. I know. We getting there. Yeah. I think this one is really especially important because it is honoring us and all of our blackness and sometimes it's hard in this world in society today to not feel valued or feel worthy enough. But definitely in this space at the Image Awards, you know, we are celebrating one another for not only our skin tone, but also the incredible art that we put into The World. Yeah. And how do we bring a award shows back to where it used to be.


Right? I remember as a kid growing up, Money. Money, right. No, it's perfect, perfect way. Talk about It Money. Because Growing up as a kid, that's what we look, we expired to watch. We expired to, we, we wanted to see the NAACP awards, we wanted to see the BET awards. And some of our biggest moments culturally came from those events. Soul Train as well. How do we get back to that? Now you say money, what does that money mean? Emini here, the, the large marketing houses actually put an emphasis on black culture in a way in which it's not exploitive for their product line. But, but that's supportive of, of, for the culture's sake. What we have seen over time is a devaluing of shows like Soul Train was Love Soul Train, but an escalation of resources for the Grammys or the Oscars or the Emmys while their, their viewership has been going down, they're still investing in it, but then they say your viewership is down.


Yeah. You don't invest, but if you invest people wanna see black entertainment. People wanna appreciate the culture. It is not just in the us it's globally. I agree with that. But you know, there are some black people who think white ice is colder. There absolutely are Emini here. I think one of the things that was interesting post, you know, that very brief moment of racial renaissance we had in this country post murder of George Floyd, the black three Black Squares. Right? Right At That moment, the post that when we were preparing to, to do the image awards with the naacp, I would get these calls from journalists and they'd say, is there still a need for the image awards? Hmm. Haven't, aren't we beyond that? And I said, so white. Right? Right. And I said, you know, first of all, I think it that suggestion means you really don't understand why the image awards exist.


It is not, it doesn't exist because we were excluded from other places. First and foremost, it is about that our community values being recognized and celebrated by our community and that has absolute value. But the second thing is what we understand about this country is it's terribly fickle. Right? So today, oh yes, we're wonderfully popular and you wanna include us in all of your award shows, but you know, this is not going to sustain. And what the NAACP in the partnership with BET, we have a consistent commitment to celebrating excellence in our community. And that's really what our partnership for the image awards is all about. Question for you guys. 'cause even in planning the show, right? So BET works with the NAACP to have the awards, the program on the network.


People always give you guys a lot of flack for what's on the network and what's not saying that you need better shows or whatever the case may be. But the awards show, the image awards are, it's always a good show in my opinion. How much do you get tired of the conversation of BET doesn't have good stuff to watch, that's why we don't watch it. Well It's fascinating. I think there are always going to be people who are critical. Yeah. That's the reality of the situation. It's really fun. This morning before coming over, I listened to your best of clip that you guys have online and one of your featured guests was Ms. Pat. Right? And it was through Lee Daniels reaching out to BET to say, I have this series that only BET can create. The only platform in The World that can actually put this, this series out there is BET.


It scares everyone else off. It's an important message. So we looked at it, we love Lee Daniels, we greenlit the series. Right. And it actually secured bet's first primetime Emmy nomination because it was a really breakthrough show and now everybody knows who Miss Pat is and she's going on. We're actually in the fifth season of that show. And whether it's that or the nominations that we received for DR from Detroit. I, that show writes fantastic show. DR Kilpatrick is an amazing talent and the show is great fun. And the amazing work we do with Tyler Perry, the reality is we have the biggest investment in black focused content than any platform in the country. And even with that, you're never going to be able to satisfy every single audience, right?


And so we recognize that there're gonna be things that people love. There're gonna be things that people wish for. There're gonna be things that, you know, people keep on saying, bring back music. Video shows, music, video shows don't work on linear television. That's just the reality of it. So what we focus on is what are the things that actually are our audiences are really consuming and enjoying? So Tyler Perry's sisters, were going into the eighth season. It is the single most watched show among black people on all of television, not all of cable, all of television. That's a fact, right? So more than anything on broadcast television. So people say, oh, you know, there'll be some people who complain about BET, but the fact that we have the single most watched show in black households. So that is a long way of saying we are always striving to be more inclusive.


So we created our streaming platform, BET plus, to be able to create even more content, speak to diverse audiences. We think our tent poles, like the NAACP image awards, like the BET awards, which this year is gonna celebrate its 25th anniversary. If you can believe that. We think our tent poles are those to their name. They are the things that allow us to bring a huge cross section of the community together to come and celebrate what's really important to us as a community. One of the things this year, over 3 million folks tuned in, sorry, as over 3 million folks moved in, sorry, tuned in to the BET Awards in 2024. And if you think about that, it means it's the single largest gathering of black people for a black event in the country, right?


There's nothing else that 3 million Blackfoot folks show up for. That is a specifically black event. And so you still have this opportunity to catalyze, mobilize, and engage our community. And you just have to be very thoughtful and have great partners like the naacp. All right, we have more with Chloe Bailey, the president of the naacp, Derek Johnson, and the president and CEO of BET Scott Mills. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren the Rosa is in on this interview as well. We're kicking it with Chloe Bailey, the president of the naacp, Derek Johnson, and the president and CEO of BET Scott Mills. The NAACP Image Awards will air on February 22nd.


Now, Charlamagne, what, What does BET mean to your generation? Chloe Is your 26th. Yes. I think, you know, for me growing up, you know, I'm a music lover. I grew up loving 1 0 6 and park like, I think I could speak for everyone in my generation, you know, I know certain things go into a lot, but that was like the show for me to be inspired to get excited. Like, that was it. Like I'd run home from school and that's what I'd put on. So I was used to seeing people who looked like me, who were succeeding in a field that I wanted to succeed in one day. So BET has always had a, a special place in my heart, especially think of all the groundbreaking performances, like, you know, when Beyonce had her incredible performance on there.


Yeah. You know, I'm so grateful that I got to be on that stage two, three times. One of my favorite performances that I did on there was on BET. It was like this surprise, treat me mashup. So it's like, I feel like BET gives a platform for all black artists, whether they are at the top of their game or whether they're rising. And I think it's really special to have that support. So When you hear that, Scott, what do you think? So first as a CEO, so I love it, and one of the things that we focus on is we understand people love 1 0 6 and Park, right? And so the fact that it's, it doesn't work as a linear television show, it doesn't mean 1 0 6 and Park is over because we can bring 1 0 6 and park back as a podcast. We can bring 1 0 6 and park back as a digital experience, and we can just, we, we are evolving what 1 0 6 and Park will look like in 2025, because it does have that very important role.


So Y'all are bringing, does It happen? I've heard, I've heard that you guys are trying to figure out a show like that. Yes. And we've got, we've got a number of really exciting executions because it's also, we're approaching the 25th anniversary of 1 0 6 and Park as well. So we will, we'll, A little bit a g free on that 25 Year, you know, we, we will, we will, you'll, there'll be some things that you guys will be really excited about and we look forward to coming back and talk to you about 1 0 6 and Park. We're a AJ Aey. There You go. There you go. Noted. So, but I think the other thing that Chloe shared that is so important is we at BET exist to be in service of our community and our culture. That's what we exist for. And we understand that there's a broad ecosystem of different institutions and individuals that make up our community and our culture, and we are part of that broader landscape and that broader ecosystem.


And we play a supporting complimentary role to our community and our ecosystem. And whether that's celebrating black excellence, whether that's mobilizing our community around important events, whether that's coming to the aid of our community post, you know, in the face of Covid. But to Chloe's very specific point, one of the things that our team loves is to be a platform that both celebrates our most successful artists who are absolutely at the pinnacle of their careers. And simultaneously to identify and support those emerging artists, to give them the platform. Because we were so many artists very first time to be on television, right? So many artists, very first time to perform the number of managers and, and label executives who come up and say, you know, we are so appreciative to be back at the BET awards because this is where our talent x, y, Z got their very first break.


That really resonates with our team. Can You tell us some of the performers that you guys have planned for the NAACP Awards? We will be revealing performers as we get closer. We're gonna, we, we're doing a rollout now, and it, it's very intentional because we are trying to build the audience, the platforms by which people consume information is shifting every month. You know, as you know, we grew up listening to Tom join the Morning Show, breakfast Club, took it over, but quite frankly, there's gonna be a podcast to take over Breakfast Club. And so we are 106. Whoa, What's happening tonight? Talking, first of all, breakfast Club did not take over. Tom Joiner. Tom Joiner retired on his own accord. No, no, no, no Audience.


No, but it's audience. Tom Joyer was urban adult contemporary. He came to the 25 54 demo. We came around 18 to 24. And The Breakfast Club is a podcast, not just a podcast. We the number one black podcast in The World and have nine. You do everything Perfect, but somebody gonna do a better later. Is that gonna be next month they come up or is it gonna be next year? You're doing everything perfect. Why, why do we do that as black people? I don't know. You started that. So we Here now you, we need something to replace something. Why all of these things can't coexist as one. It can coexist, but I, I'm, I'm, I'm responding to the tone. And the tone is we have legacy organizations, we have media companies that have, have been flagged part of our community.


We have a show we are on now where a podcast, it's been excellent. We had other shows that sunsetted it is a part of the ecosystem of who we are as a community and we should meet people where they are. Well, Who's replaced the naacp Derrick? That's a good question. They ain't ready. But that's what Emini here, when I say that like why do we do that as a, as a people, like, oh, just replace that. Like no, everything can coexist as one. You And I, we, we absolutely agree. Yeah, but the tone set with something differently, right? So if she is 26 and she can appreciate 1 0 6 in park, there's someone who's in a CP, but if an ACP is not the right vehicle or voice for them, I support them choosing the right vehicle voice. Because in the social justice movement, it's not a competition, it's an opportunity for our voices to be heard.


Inter entertainment community is not a competition. It is an opportunity for our voices, our culture to be, to be experienced. And that's how we should be approaching all of this. And so where BET right now is in the industry that's shrinking over overall, what Scott is doing is trying to figure out, okay, how do we continue to advance our culture and our voice where NACP we are in a political dynamic that has shift. It is our job being the largest organization in 47 states to continue to evolve with that. We're not going anywhere. I don't want The Breakfast Club to go anywhere. BET shouldn't go anywhere. We should all be leaning to our culture, our opportunity, and our voice. Well, I I, I agree These institutions shouldn't go anywhere, but I do think they do have to evolve.


Like I doubt absolutely, I doubt I'll always be here as a host. I doubt NB will always be here as a host, right? People like Lauren, the Justice will take over and, and everything. But when it comes to the NAACP or any of these institutions whose job is to tell our own stories, Us, it's our job, right? Yes. And that's why we took over, we, we saw the partnership with BTB on Park Paramount. We have a joint venture with Paramount tv. We will have a soap opera air next month on the 22nd on CBS daytime. We are working, we are about to launch our podcast is we have to evolve that I, our revenue streams have to evolve. How we approach this. Organizations should not be driven by a personality. It should be driven by mission and strategy. I agree, but we all have to evolve. Let me ask you a question.


Sports doesn't work well on BET Does it? Sports Sports works well on linear television. The challenge is sports rights have gotten insanely expensive because I, I look at all these HBCU, right? I, I DJ the, the Howard Hampton gamers on CBS the other day and I'm watching a lot of these college games on tv And I always thought to myself with all the HBCUs and how it's been a spurge of HBCUs, everybody supporting HBCUs was just always weird to me why BET didn't put their arm around and be like, I need all those games here. So people actually come next. It's, It's a great question. And in fact, when BET started, BET used to air HBCU games, I'm told that there's footage of Bob Johnson running along the sidelines doing live commentary. That's fine. HBCU games. So I'm trying to look for it. But the reality is, because of the evolution of college football and, and because of the proliferation of access to sports across all these platforms, the demand, the viewership interest in HBCU sports right now isn't high enough to kind of support the investment.


Having said that, the entry point that we think is really exciting that we're really focused on is you now have a bunch of brothers who went off and played in the NFL have said, we wanna remedy this dynamic where top black athletes feel like they have to go to other schools to be competitive. We wanna remedy that dynamic, right? So you saw, you know, you saw the recent announcements about the Jackson, right? That's Alma Ma, okay, there you go. And so was The university, Right? There you go. So, and that, so now the opportunity is we take our footprint, our platform, our relationships, and then we bring them to these luminaries who are going back to these HBCUs and building those teams.


And then we focus on the stories and the people and the journey. And we get a broader community to be excited about this. And we actually use it to build interest in HBCU football. And that we think is the way to actually elevate interest in HBCU football, which will then allow us to bring more games to the network. Alright, We have more with Chloe Bailey, the president of the NAACP Derek Johnson and the president of CEO of BET Scott Mills, when we come back is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. DJ JNB, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren OSA is in on this interview as well. Chloe Bailey is here, the president of the NAACP and the president and the CEO of BET is joining us this morning.


Lauren. Now Chloe, I gotta ask you. Yes. You bringing a date to the NAACP Awards? My Godmom and my manager. Okay, so we ain't gonna see no, we gonna see no more Burna boy, You'll have to ask him. You're Here. He's not. Oh, oh, Nominated. No. Bern's not nominated. Now he's not nominated. But you look at the sheet, he not on there. Chloe's on there. But I'm speaking of support and you know, we were seeing you out with him in Nigeria. So is that a new thing or Nigeria was so beautiful. I've heard I had the best time ever. What about the nightlife? We saw you in the club with Berna. Yes, the nightlife. It was so many lights, so many cut So many cameras.


I know so many cameras. You know, If we all like everything with you when you're whatcha you trying to ask Lauren? You were here was gonna Emini here now is Burna boy we wanna know, is that your boo? Is this the thing y'all together do y'all go together real bad? Y'all just having fun. What is it? Well, I'm a grown woman, so you do. I had a great time in Nigeria. I really did. So I guess I'm not gonna get an answer on if you cared about the, when you left, there was the video, people were like, oh my god, the Chloe time is over now he's out with this random other girl. What? I didn't See that burn boy burner boy. He, yeah, he was out a random other girl. He was snitch because I didn't even see happy snitch all over the internet all over there. But it's because we all were so heavily together.


We were like, oh shoot, we don't see her do this much. Yeah. And then, yeah, so yeah, He's a grown man. It's like I'm a grown woman, You know? And I couldn't imagine dating at 20 something and being put on the air by Being so, being super famous. Oh, When you were younger, somebody video you Expecting, the minute that they see her on that carpet, they gonna be looking like 'cause looking for who? I get it. Anybody, anybody that she's with is always a thing. Anybody she's with, like she, she could have Been going to bible study Emini here, you know, Girl, you had told me you was in there studying the Bible. I would've been like, you know what God is good all the time.


You my girls, you Can study anytime. Even in the club. I'm, I got my pen, I have the questions that I'd be wanting to know 'cause Yeah, no I don don't God Mama gave you that look. Keep it up Twice. No, me and God mom, honestly, God my already got or me before. So I don I love her. So, so She's gonna let you know though. But No, honestly, I don't mind Emini here. I hate to say this, but it's my life Emini here. It's what I sign up for so I can only expect it. It is just about how I handle it. Yeah know I handle myself. So I don't think it should ever be pissiness towards the people who ask me, You know?


And I think as a woman watching you navigate it, I'm always interested in how you deal with that. Because for instance, you're here about the NAACP image awards, but it's like, we wanna know that. So we have to ask of, and being a person who's now learning how to be in the, the light of everything. I'm like, how the, how do you deal with, because her Love life is very slow. Chloe like very, I don believe that. Very slow. I know you got a roster. I don She You like Her phone is Dry. Dry as heck. One thing I learned about getting on radio, guess intimidated date, very dry. I am just, I am a wife. All I do is stay home. I just wanna cook you a wife. But you got a husband.


She got a husband. Emini here. No, be a wife. Got a husband And I husband and I'm domesticated. This radio has made me be quiet. Okay, well guess what you get on here. Someone is ready for that. I know he is. So It's preparing you for that. No, it's not in person. I Appreciate it. Spicy chicken. Now back to the NAACP awards, Spicy ticket. Now how are these nominees chosen? How, how do you guys choose the nominees and how do you guys go to who's winning and How do y'all expand the categories every year? Because you know, things change, right? You got social media personality here now, podcast, post podcasts. Like how do you expand the category? So start with the last question. We recognize that, that the industry is changing. So we try to keep up and we add categories, digital content categories, fashion design.


There's a panel of close to 500 people. Half industry have non-industry that's been selected across the country. And those are the individuals that review the materials and they nominate oftentimes, I don't even know what's being nominated until I, I finally get it. And then once nominated, some of the categories are voted on by the public. And so it is by popular vote in some areas and then in other areas is by those who are critics in, in the space to ensure fairness in the outcome. So there is a, a mix that we try to balance those two, two things out. Gotcha. I was, I wanted to ask about comedy as well. You see Netflix is heavy in the comedy. You see a lot. They're giving comedy deals to damn to every comedian. Has BET ever wanted to jump back into that space because BET was one of the huge originators, especially of black comedy.


That's right. With comic view. Did Dion Cole put you up to this question because he's been beating me up about this. No, but He's been up here recently, but now he hasn't. Yes. So The reality is we are always looking for the way back into places, right? And, and we did a quick partnership with Kevin Hart and Heartbeat where we did a test run of bringing back comic view. And part of the thing is that really understanding how our community wants to consume content and also understanding some people will use certain content as a loss leader for other things. And I'm not saying who would be using it as a loss leader, but there are other platforms that are paying using content as a loss leader for other things. So we're weak working with Dionne right now to do peace Of the planet.


Charlemagne God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot


com.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I'm not here to roast you. I'm here to overshare everything that went down at the Golden Globes last Sunday. Everyone is already talking about what happened on air at the Golden Globes, but you are going to hear about what happened off air from the horse's mouth. Yes, I'm the horse me, Nikki Glaser. Join me on my podcast, the Nikki Glaser podcast where I will be telling you all the details. I can finally relax with my besties, my listeners, and Dish. What happened backstage, what went down, the things people are already talking about, the things that people should be talking about. I've got it all from what it took to prep for the Golden Globes to the behind the scenes of the Golden Globes. What went down in the rehearsals, who said what at the after party, who I saw at the after party who was dancing with who I'm gonna spill it. All secrets will be revealed. You do not wanna miss this episode. Listen to the Nikki Glaser podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Ed Zitron, host of the Better Offline podcast. And this January we're going on the road to beautiful Las Vegas Nevada to cover the consumer electronic show text. Biggest conference, better offline. CES coverage won't be the usual rundown of the hottest gadgets or the biggest trends. But on an unvarnished look of what the tech industry plans to sell or do to you in 2025, interrogating their narratives alongside a remarkable cast of industry talent and award-winning journalists. We'll have daily episodes on the ground interviews and special panels covering everything from the BS of AI to the ways in which race and gender play into how people are treated in the tech industry. And at these conferences, I'll be joined by David Roth of Defector and the writer Edward on Guso Jr. With appearances from behind the bastards Robert Evans. It Could happen. Here's Gare Davis and a few surprise guests throughout the show. Listen to better Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever else you get your podcast from. And check out better offline.com.


Do a really fun thing in standup comedy. He'll be thrilled that you put me on the spot and ask the question. But we think comedy clearly works, right? We see it working with the Miss Pat show. The series we have with Dion average Joe is a thriller that has a comedic line through it. We really see that our audience loves comedy. Miss Pat, in addition to her Miss Pat show, we do Miss Pat Settles it, which is her doing a crazy court show. And so our audience is loving it. We think in 2025, given the way The World has changed, people need to laugh even more. And so there'll be an even greater demand for comedy. So we're leaning into it in a big Way. Have there been conversations, Derrick, about changing the name of the NAACP since some people think colored people is a slur? No, No.


As we sit around the table, we got all the colors around the table, don't we? Yeah, no we have not. Emini here, we, we get caught up in semantics. We lose focus and, and there's no need to go to the semantics. We are an organization that's been around 116 years. That's significant. When you talk about this concept of a, of a surplus mindset that what we can do, we can stick together, we can work together, we can prosper together. Oftentimes we say, well, black folks won't do what we can't do, but we haven't done, we gotta get away from that and not get caught up in semantics. At the end of the day, are we being effective with our mission? Make a democracy work for all to ensuring opportunity for our community. That's our focus. The semantics go out the door. Yeah, I asked that because I think it was, was it last year?


It was a pre, it was one of the presidents I, I forgot from which chapter. The naacp, he, they were upset because somebody used the word colored people somewhere. I have no idea. I don't vie wonder every time I run across him he asks a question. 'cause he's been saying y'all need to change the name. He's been saying that since like 9 82. Yeah. What does he see about the name that Shut up Mean Shut up. I haven't Shut up. What? I'm just asking a question. It's a lack of subtlety. But At the end of the day, the image awards is, is the crown jewel of shows for African Men. Right. It gives us an opportunity for all of us to come together and appreciate the culture we bring to the Table. Save him. Save him. Right. And we do that intergenerationally across all of all of the platforms.


That's right. And you can, the voting is now open to the public@naacpimageawards.net. That's right. And we appreciate you guys for joining us this morning. Yeah. So stop dragging Chloe around for no reason. She's busy. She got things she could be doing. She wants to be here. She up here for her people. Okay. Okay. Yes. Okay. That's right. Ladies should, yes. And I do you want a host? Yes. I would love to host if you were as the host, I think it would make so much sense. I would 'cause you out here outside, we don't know what y'all plans. Y putting pressure on her. They might have another host and you just fing and she say she want a host too. Wow. Yeah. Or or if I don't host, I could sing a little song. Listen, we've been rolling. When we announced the host, everybody gonna say, oh that is a great choice. Good decision. The host gonna come on with Scott.


They gonna to talk about why that person is the host. So y'all gonna say this is the best thing that could have ever happened. Absolutely. Collaboration. Be dope, Chloe. I know that's right. Go Chloe. Chloe and Burner Boy hosting the end up looking that be too much. That'd be a great collaboration And You all can take credit for it. He brought that back up. I did. Oh right. Well Chloe Bailey, Derek Johnson, Scott Mills, we appreciate you for joining us. Check out the naacp, the 56 NAACP Image Awards February 22nd at 8:00 PM and it's The Breakfast Club. Go on. Yes. Morning everybody, it's DJ n Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yes. Thank you to Naac President Derrick Johnson and the president and CEO of BET Scott Mills and my cousin Chloe Bailey for pulling up.


That's right. Make sure you watch the NAACP Awards on February 22nd. Is Leon Thomas nominated for any NAACP and George? That's a good question. He should be. Yeah. That's a bad boy that Yeah, he's gonna be passing through one day this week too. We gonna be chopping, we Play Reon Thomas. No We don't. Well kind of What you mean, kind of. We play snooze every morning and he's a writer on Snooze. Man, shut up Manon. He's, he's by far the best male r and b singer out today. Yeah. He gets, he absolutely positively gets Busy. How is we not, how are we not playing him on the radio? I Don't know. Pull up something from his album. The new album. Mutt. Mutt. There you go. Yeah, I thought Just say musty. I don't know why I can't wait till summertime when people stink And I go Must That's that's all you wanna do, huh?


Yes, but shout to Leon. Leon now you know he's started on Broadway, you know his history and all that, right. Childhood star and all that. No, not really. Okay, well if she come by I'll find out. All Right, well let's get to Jess with the Mess Your is real Moore Jess Don't do no lie, don't Dot nobody Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. All right, so you got some more alleged beef with Drake. Alright, so Chris Griffith, he's a designer and he designed stuff for like sports boxers and all that type of stuff.


He posted some dms between him and Drake and he alleged that these dms are real. When he posted about it, everybody picked it up, all the blogs and everything. Academics said he spoke to Drake and he said Drake is saying that the dms aren't real. So, and when he posted these he said that he, he never intended for this to go public or anything like that, but Drake apparently switched sides. So he wanted to put it out there. Now he had sent, I'm gonna read the dms. He had sent Drake a picture of some gloves or whatever, right. And he said, damn gang, you wanna follow me. Now what he does is like he put the, the OVO stamp on the gloves or whatever, right. And he basically was just like expressing the drink like yo, I was down for you, you know, from college days playing viewers on repeat with the Valium high and all that from standing outside your shows in the cold with my baby brother whose OVO deal fell through the cracks after coming to Toronto or whatever, whatever.


He basically said he put the OVO patches on Javonte Davis gloves and all of that for free. On the shorts? Yeah, on the shorts. Yeah, On the shorts. On the shorts, yeah. For free or whatever. And then Drake commented back, Emini here wrote back and said, you asking me to post a tape about you ratting on people GI just really don't come from a city or a friend group or wear that is acceptable. I live by a code that become law. That's become law. We all just gotta deal with our own s And I don't really, you know, I don't condone into this. I ain't got nothing to do with this basically. And so what he's talking about is what Chris responded with. He said a nigga tried me on some gate ish while I was designing his collection.


He's talking about Stefan Diggs, who he names in this. He said I didn't go, I didn't go for it. And that's not Rat Champ. I survived the hit and I had money on my head so I spoke up. So basically he's saying Stefan Diggs came onto him or whatever, but he didn't oblige in it. And so he had got attacked, he had got beat up in 2023. The attack was caught on camera in the LA apartment building. And Stefan, he alleged that Stefan Diggs little brother actually was the one who started the fight. He, you know, got beat up by, yo you know about Stefan, The football player, Stefan Diggs. Wow. Yep. So allegedly This is All allegedly, allegedly.


Yes. Drake. So he said, so he says that's like me telling you that you ratted for pulling this is Chris saying this to Drake. He said, that's like me telling you that you ratted for pulling Universal's card because they played with you in front of the entire world. Much like my situation, you survived with your head held high and you spoke the F up. So Drake responds like, look y'all Emini here. I don't know details fam, I'm just showing you outside of perception, I think there's better ways to go about it. My opinion, me and Universal was like, and pay attention to this me and Universal is like if Nike was funding a campaign about LeBron cheating on his wife, not Adidas or Reebok, Nike, the company he been with since he started my situation is not no street ish.


And that goes back to yesterday when we reported about this freestyle that he got, he said he was gonna drop receipts or whatever. So people were speculating that that that he was going straight for LeBron's family and these, these dms would confirm that everything that he was trying to allege in his freestyle would be true. So Chris, I know Stefan, Ty having his name in people's mouth though. Mm. Didn't they say he was sleeping with Cardi too? Yeah, Cardi a a, a host of people. He, he, he actually put on his Instagram. He said, I'm stop going tit for tat. He said, be weird by yourself. I don't give a f stop. Keep my name out your mouth pretty much. Oh, okay, you too. So Chris was like, yo, yeah, I get your point of view. I feel you to a degree. Crazy. It might be or whatever.


But he just wanted him to like help him out. He like, yo, how you think it feels to see myself getting beat up on this video or whatever by some people I know did it And I know the reason behind it or whatever. Right? So Drake, the last thing that Drake said was, I'll thank this one out and write my response somewhere else then other than ig I'm on a plane right now. And so Drake later posted the, a picture of him in the studio and the caption is three money bags. And it said, I thought this through. So again, I don't think he think it at all. Drake. Yeah, he said he he he thought it through, but that's what he also said in the dm.


So they trying to put that together with that and it, it just looked like he, he just trying not to admit that the dms are real Emini here. He could be, who knows, allegedly they are, but we don't know. Yeah. Drake gotta get to a point where he, he has to, he can't go back and forth with people. He's the bad guy. So everybody wants to take this time to post a a, a DM post a text message, post a phone conversation. He has to. But doesn't, Doesn't it all seem calculated though, like, you know, you put out this one message and it says something about LeBron that goes viral. Then you reach out to act, tell, act to say it's not real. But then you post a picture from the studio saying, I thought this went through after saying in a freestyle, you know, don't make me ruin your public image.


Everybody said that was about LeBron. Come on guys, don't let the come on, come on. Well I pray to God he could be the petty king. I pray to God he doesn't go that that far. Like I Don't want you praying to your life skinned God. No, I'm just saying. 'cause if you got a problem with somebody, take it to that person. Right. And I hate when people do this where if you gotta punch me in my face, stab me. But when you start bringing my family involved here he go, Jesse, I don't want that punch me in my eye. He, he's no tough guy. No, I'm not saying, I'm not saying don't being tough go, but I'd rather take a That's what you would do, right? You punch him by an eye, right? No, I'm just saying I would rather take a punch in the face than somebody mess with my family. Okay. Right, because because bro gotta go home and deal with that from Savannah. He gonna, he gonna be scoring two points a game. But that's what Emini here one Rebound.


That's why I say it's, that's, I don't bring my family into it. That's why I say it's all calculated. And I don't know why we playing this game. He says this in the record, I wanna ruin your public image. And he says the thing in the DM about I'm, I'm not even gonna repeat what was said. Then he turns around and says it was fake, the academics. Then he turns around and says, I thought this went through. Stop letting these biracial Canadians play with y'all man. Okay, cut us out. It's all ish. So Jesus, it is what it is. Alright. It's just with Dema. Thank you Jess Charlamagne. We giving that down KA Two man four after the hour we need a human jar. Helman's mayonnaise named Aaron Elizabeth to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with her. Speaking of getting punched in the face. This part she needs to get punched in the face. Alright, we'll Discuss it. We'll get to it next.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club And I just wanted to know how you came up with the donkey and The's a bunch of donkeys out in you're mean. We live a life where we bite our tongues based off who we may offend. We never would say anything today. That is why Charlemagne, He was a charlamagne guy. He's a donkey that he mother. Oh man. Charlemagne you giving donkey the day The who now that damn Taylor drop on a co bombs for Taylor made it. Man, if one thing Taylor gonna do, she gonna earn her money that she don't get.


Okay? She work hard for money that she don't get. God Damnit SLU to Taylor Donkey today for Wednesday January 8th goes to a 26-year-old human jar of Hellman's mayonnaise named Aaron. Elizabeth Aaron is a registered nurse who shouldn't be a registered nurse anymore. And she was arrested because she's never gotten her ass beat in life. What do you mean Uncle Charlotte? She's never gotten her ass beat in life. Emini here. Exactly what I said. See I was born in 1,978. Okay? And when you 46 years old like I am, then you can tell when a person has never been punched in the face. Okay? Not just punched in the face, never had to go pick their own switch. All right. My dad beat me with an extension cord one time and made me go take a bath. Why? Because I was taking a lighter to the carpet and our single wide trailer in most corners, South Carolina, you can read about it in detail.


And my first book, the New York Times bestseller Black Privilege Opportunity. Opportunity comes to those who created. But what we are talking about here is consequences to one's actions. Okay? Aaron is doing BS because she's never been checked for her bs. Matter of fact, I can't even call it this, just bs. This is pure evil. This woman Erin Elizabeth not only needs her ass beat, she needs an exorcism. What do you mean Uncle Charlotte? She needs an exorcism. Can you tell us why she's getting donkey today already? Yes, but just know if you're a parent, it's gonna trigger you. Let's go. Let's go to the report please. Henrico County's top prosecutor letting reporters know her office will continue to work very aggressively into the investigation into Henrico doctor's, hospital's neonatal intensive care unit.


In less than two weeks, one woman has been charged and arrested. 26-year-old Aaron Elizabeth Ann Stratman of Chesterfield County, who was denied bond by a judge Friday afternoon. While there has been an arrest for one person for allegedly inflicting injury on a single victim, I would emphasize this is an ongoing investigation spanning potential offenses committed in both 2023 and 2024. The ongoing investigation centered around seven babies in total. The hospital alerting the community online that four babies had unexplainable fractures in 2024 is similar to an incident in 2023. The Stratman now facing charges for one child out of the seven.


That news report came from a b, C news. By the way. This chick was arrested after the hospital had to close the NICU due to mystery attacks on newborns. She was breaking the bones of newborn babies. Look man, and my and my second book shook on anxiety playing tricks on me. I speak to the anxiety you feel as a parent every minute of the day. I call it parental paranoia. When our kids are out in The World at school or you know, whenever they are in the care of another adult. We want that adult to treat our kids like their own. That's why I respect all jobs where people have to watch over other folks' kids because it takes a special kind of person to show someone else's child love, care, and affection.


This evil, sadistic, wicked, ungodly, unholy woman who looks like a Twitter egg with a salmonella outbreak is not one of those people. Okay? Folks who take advantage of the elderly and children, especially newborns, there has to be something worse than hell for folks like you. I don't know what that place is because I'm not God, but I do know we can create hell on earth for people like that. And it starts with her getting punched in the face, okay? That should be part of her punishment. She's been charged with malicious wounding and child abuse. I think those charges should be upgraded to attempted murder because when you break the bones of babies, newborns, you could potentially kill a infant. But I think she should have to also square up with these kids' parents, the daddy and mama F all that.


Ain't no grace, ain't no mercy. Daddy hola while Mama gets off on her ass. Okay? I'm not trying to understand why Aaron Elizabeth did what she did. She got mental health issues. So what so do I, okay, but this is so diabolical, so deliberate done with such intention And I don't want to hear anything about Aaron Elizabeth's mental health issues. I don't wanna see her pleading insanity playing crazy. This woman knows exactly what she was doing and even if she is crazy, which she clearly is, even if she is mentally ill, guess what? Batman still beat the hell outta every villain in Gotham before he got sent to Al Masala. So please give this woman Aaron Elizabeth an ass kicking and let Chelsea handle it. Give her the biggest, he haw, He haw, he haw. That is way too much Dan.


Mayonnaise. Sometimes you gotta get medieval on people. Broh Medieval. That's what I said. Okay, I know what you heard. You heard mea 'cause you a nigga, but I say medieval. Okay, alright. And I, and sometimes that's what you just gotta do. You gotta get medieval on people. Okay? That's it. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now this is coming from the movie Mufasa. Have you guys seen the movie yet? No, not yet. I was out the country. I wanna see Mufasa And I don't wanna see the Clarissa Shields. The Fire Inside Movie. Jess, you didn't see Mufasa yet? No. Okay, so let me, let me, let me, let's, let's open up the phone line. So in the movie Mufasa, if you haven't seen it, the reason that Scar and Mufasa have beef is explained and of course it's over a chick.


Now what happened? Why are you telling the movie? I'm just gonna tell just a little bit. 800. You Just told the goddamn movie movie. You just told The whole plot movie. No, I did not tell the whole plot movie. Yes you did. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The question is, if your friend is interested in someone and, and talks to you about how to kick it to this person, but that person is interested in you instead, what do you do? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Jess, this has happened to you before. Your friend was interested in the dude, but the dude didn't like her, liked you instead? Yeah, well we both liked them but she just jumped out there and wanted to talk to him and then he jumped out there and told her, nah, 'cause he had been looking at me and so I started talking to him.


That's it. Why would Mufasa and ska be beefing over this though? I was ready to say so they changed up the whole premise of the movie. It's about a bitch. It's not, I don't know why he said it's this about the whole premise. I didn't say that, but That's exactly what You're saying. That does happen in the movie, but it's, it's, I don don't want to give the whole details, but I ain't even know I can't under, I don't wanna explain the whole thing. Like I explain You sounded Like Red retard right now. Come on now. Explain. You can't say that word. Yes I Can. No you can't. I'm bringing it back. You cannot say that word You Unless you identify as one. I am. Okay, make sense then? Then you can say it all you want. Yes. Say it again. No, I'm talking to you Lou Red talk. But listen, explain. You just explained the whole concept to the movie. So 805 8 5 1 0 5 1, right? That the question is concept.


If you are interested in someone, but the person you are interested in is interested in your friend instead, what do you do? Tell me about Mufasa. And again, 'cause I don't understand why this would be the premise of the movie. Like what they were beefing over a woman. You want me to break it down now? You want me to explain it right fast? Yes. Okay, so I'm, I'm explain it right back. Everything. This is Crazy. So his name wasn't Scar at first he had another name, right? And he was interested in this young Tiger Mufasa was a young lion, a long lion, a young lion, this Guy here, and then turned the Lion King to the Titan. So Mufasa Mufasa was his ride or die. And basically he told Mufasa, I like this chick, but I'm not really, I don't know how to talk to chicks. Can you help me out? And then Mufasa was telling him things to say to make the chick like him, but he was saying it, but the chick still didn't like him.


And the chick wound up liking Mufasa. Okay, okay, so Mufasa. So Scar was like, yo, bro, like I told you, I liked her first. And he was like, well that's not my thing. And Scar turned on Mufasa and then you can, you can imagine the rest. Well, you know, lions have no concept of incest or any sexual standards. Sometimes the male actually comes back to the pride they're born in and then challenges the male and claims the female as the mate. And sometimes that female can be their mother or sister. So what's the problem? They could have been sleeping with the whole family and nobody would've been tripping. This is so crazy. Emini here. At least they ain't gay Emini here. They be trying to put that in anything. So, all right. I take it we ain't, I didn't know it was such a backstory about that's so crazy. Like They ain't seen movie yet. Jeff, we don't know if they gay or not.


Scar might have got his car 'cause he was fighting, fighting for his bunkie in Lion Jail. Been Everywhere. Would've been, oh my gosh. Caught a buck 50 cross the face fighting for his bunkie in Lion Prison. Oh my Goodness. But 805 85 1 0 5 1. If your friend is interested in someone, but the person is interested in you instead, what do you do? Has it happened to you? Let's discuss As I find the person is Jesus Christ. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's True. The Breakfast Club Steady. Call my phone, call my out, man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DEJ envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne. The God we are The Breakfast Club if he just joining us. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. This conversation is inspired by Mufasa, the movie that's out right now. Now in the movie, Mufasa, when you watch it, you realize Mufasa and Scar really started beefing over a young lion, right? Scar liked the lion. He went to Mufasa for advice to, to how to talk to the lion. And Mufasa told him, but the young lion didn't like scar, liked Mufasa. And that's where the beef started. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If your friend is interested in someone really likes somebody, but the person is interested in you, what do you do?


So Jess said, this situation has happened before your friend, like somebody, but dude liked you. That's the thing. We both liked him, but she, well, I, I just thought he was cute. Like, she like liked him. You know what, Emini here. So she jumped out there and went to say something to him, you know, he was like, damn, you know, I, I like her. And I was like, oh, okay. She came back and she told me, I didn't think it was a problem. 'cause she ain't say it was a problem the way she presented it, like, oh girl, like he, he like you, like, you know. So I was like, all right, that's what's up. I'm gonna talk to him. Was It ever a problem or No? That's What it was. She, she just stopped talking to me. So of course it, It Was a problem. She kept a, she, she just kept capital a hunt.


Now, now Solomon, you've been married for a long time, but before that, if your friend likes somebody and the person liked you, what would you do? That has never been ever, ever a thing. I don't know. I don't know. Let me put myself back into the space. When I was out here, whiling being a complete mutt, like Leon Thomas said, hold on, gimme a minute. Oh my God. Okay, listen, is that A Dog barking? I think it depends on how good the woman looks. Okay. If she's, she's Supposed to depend on how good you look to who, pick somebody else, who picture you over Somebody serious. Don't act like I'm not handsome. Come on, I'm handsome. No. Yes you are. I'm handsome and I'm charming. All right. Okay. But I think it depends on how good the woman looks.


If she's fine and my guy wants to get with her, but she wants to get with me, then why should I miss my blessing? And if my friend is really my friend and he should want me to receive my blessing because what God has for me is for me. Okay? So if he going to hate on you, because this woman wants to get with you and not him, I shouldn't be friends with this person to begin with. And you know, another thing that I can't stand, guys do what I hate. When guys be like, I'm a hit that how, you know, why are you making the decision for the woman? How do you know? How do you know that woman is gonna give you any play whatsoever? Just because you called? And that sound crazy to say, just 'cause you called divs on a woman don't mean she want to be with you.


Am I lying, Jess? That that is the truth. But, but most people don't look at it like that. They say if they call dibs that's there first, like even when I'm talking to, to Oyo Eli, right? Oyo Eli, I asked him if that's happened to him and he said, yeah, it happens all the time. But he said, really, whoever calls first and goes forward first they let Him live. Yeah, but what about if you strike out, if you strike out next, man up the back, we, we, and by the way, we on the same team, right? Correct. So if I hit, it's a win for us all. I'll tell you about it. I'll tell you about it. I tell you about, I just smell my finger. I ain't gonna do all that. All right. I'm sorry I ain't, I ain't never been to smell your finger time, but I tell you about it. Right? Well, let's go through the phone lines. We got Shelly on the line. Shelly, good morning. Good morning. Hey Shelly. Where you calling from? I'm calling from North Carolina. Shirley.


Hey, 7 0 4. Now this says, it says it happened to you twice before, Twice. And I'm still really bad because I thought I would do the right thing as a friend. But then I realized I just quit it. Like I feel bad telling my


Peace to the planet, Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide that everything you're into or want to get into, whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker, prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby? You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is The Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play, and a panoramic moonroof make Driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even look at the switch things up, add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something. That Last State Farm. Understand early career development is key to long success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I'm not here to roast you. I'm here to overshare everything that went down at the Golden Globes last Sunday. Everyone is already talking about what happened on air at the Golden Globes, but you are going to hear about what happened off air from the horse's mouth. Yes, I'm the horse me, Nikki Glaser. Join me on my podcast, the Nikki Glaser podcast, where I will be telling you all the details. I can finally relax with my besties, my listeners, and Dish. What happened backstage, what went down, the things people are already talking about, the things that people should be talking about. I've got it all from what it took to prep for the Golden Globes to the behind the scenes of the Golden Globes. What went down in the rehearsals, who said what at the after party, who I saw at the after party who was dancing with who I'm gonna spill it. All secrets will be revealed. You do not wanna miss this episode. Listen to the Nikki Glaser podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Ed Zitron, host of the Bet Offline podcast, and this January we're going on the road to beautiful Las Vegas, Nevada. To cover the Consumer Electronics Show Tech's biggest conference. Better offline, CES coverage won't be the usual rundown of the hottest gadgets or the biggest trends. But on the unvarnished look of what the tech industry plans to sell or do to you in 2025, interrogating their narratives alongside a remarkable cast of industry talent and award-winning journalists. We'll have daily episodes on the ground, interviews and special panels covering everything from the BS of AI to the ways in which race and gender play into how people are treated in the tech industry. And at these conferences, I'll be joined by David Roth of Defector and the writer Edward on Guso Jr. With appearances from behind the bastards Robert Evans. It could happen. Here's GA Davis and a few surprise guests throughout the show. Listen to Better Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever else you get your podcast from and check out better offline.com.


I'm like, they don't like me, they like me. I'm not really interested in the person, so it really didn't, it didn't bother me, but yeah, definitely. It's hard. Oh, so you been, you, you I'm like that person don't want you. Oh, so you've been Mufasa in this situation. You've been the woman that, you know somebody else. So your friend wanted somebody, but that person wanted you. Yeah. And, and you And you did it twice to your friend. That's the thing. Damn. The person, you know these guys out here, they, they, they don't really care. They're not too picky and choosey. So I feel like, you know, if I turn them down, they'll eventually go to my friend. So Did you sleep, did you sleep with both of the guys?


One of them, I guess. Oh, okay, okay, okay. All right. Yeah, but that gotta hurt your friend 'cause your friend gotta feel like maybe she doesn't look as attractive or, or she doesn't look as, Is she pretty, That's why I don't trust them because No, and it's not that there's, you know, everybody has a preference. So Would you sleep with your friend? Are you trying not to say your friend ugly? You try not to say your friend ugly, basically. No, I'm not everybody Preference, you know? So like, you know, some guys like that. Latino women, some do like white girls, some men like, you know, chocolate, dark-skinned female. So I love it. Everybody Has a preference. How much does she weigh? Jesus. See? Did he wob you? Oh, now we getting somewhere.


Now we getting somewhere. Play wobble, wobble, wob, wobble, wobble, wobble pack Twice. One friend is small, so that doesn't really count. It's, that's what I said. It's The preference. The the other friend, the other friend, the other friend was at risk of a heart attack is what you said. Jesus Christ. No, I'm not saying that. Goodbye, Shelly. See, Y'all are messy. I'm Messy. Messy. You messy You all you had to do is say, no, my friend ain't fat. But you can't say that you No, My friend is not, I'm not saying that. Goodbye. Good morning. Goodbye. I can't say that. I can't lie on this radio.


Ron. Good morning, Ron. Good morning. Good morning. Now Ron, you broke, broke cold, man. Your, your man tried to holler at a, at, at a woman and, and and and you started talking to her. Yeah. Who was in college. So he would tell her, oh, I'll talk to him for you. Let's go to eat. And I don't make him pull up, but he never told me. So he, he was doing blind dates with her not letting me know. So one day she ran into me at tour. She's like, yo, how come every time you invite me out, you not showing up. But Jaysha went up. I was like, what are you talking about? Because she told me the whole play, man, we ended up getting married. We celebrated 25 years anniversary last month. Wow. But you don't speak, you don't Speak to him anymore though, huh? Nah, We don't speak to him anymore. Damn.


Yeah, but this goes back to what I said about why wrong, should you allow me to miss my blessing? Like what God has for me is for me. Like if, if, like, that's why I understand when God's be like, oh, I'm, I'm gonna call dibs on her. Now, don't get me wrong, you know, the first time I saw my wife, I knew that was gonna be my wife. Right? But clearly that was meant to happen. But that's not always the case. Just 'cause you say you want to get with a girl, don't mean that girl wanna get with you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. This is inspired by the movie Mufasa. Right? If your friend is interested in someone, but the person they interested in likes you instead, what do you do? Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now you just joining us, we're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. This is inspired by the movie Mufasa. If you haven't seen it, you gotta see it. I took the kids to see it the other day and it tells the story of Mufasa and Scar and how they don't f with each other right now, if your friend is interested in someone. So Scar was interested in someone, but the person that Scar was interested in didn't like Scar, liked Mufasa instead, and Nat started the beef. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. In real life, what do you do? Hello? Good morning. Hello, My name Nick. Hey Nick. What's up brother?


Nick? So I'm, I'm, I'm asking the question again. So if your man was interested in somebody, but the person was interested in you, what are you doing? I'm gonna tell my mans like, yo a girl, Phil, me, you know, it really gonna be mad. Like I'm, I'm gonna ask him like, if it's really gonna affect our friendship, like if he really in love with this girl, I'm gonna probably fall back. But at the end of the day, I grew up in the Bay area. I I grew up up in the two church. So I'm be like, hey, she choose man, like, that's right to get over. I'm gonna make sure she got a friend or something for him or you know, and then I'm gonna, I'm gonna see how much I like her. If I really like her after, you know, we do what we do, I'm gonna keep her around. But if it's just whatever, I probably just smash and pass. You know what I'm saying? But as for the movie, because I, I saw the movie with my kids And I felt like in that movie, Fox kind like was Sam.


I don't wanna give away the movie, but like, if somebody saved my life, he, my brother And I wouldn't even be here if it wasn't before you. And man, there's a million lines I, I could, you know, killed my thing with. That's, That's the thing. Yeah. Yeah. But, but no, but no, the reason I disagree with that is 'cause of what you said, my brother, you just quoted the grade two short and the woman is the person who gets to choose. I don't know why y'all men think y'all got the, the option here. When you say to yourself, Hey, I wanna highlight that girl, it's that woman's decision on whether or not she gonna give you some brother. Yeah, but Mufasa should have told him like, look bro, But you know what's so funny? She's saying a movie I'm choosing you. She said she Mufasa tell her, Hey, my brother Nikey and she say I'm choosing You.


She definitely said I'm choosing you. So Scar's a sucker. Mufasa should have told Scar though. Mufasa, he Was a sucker. Mufasa should have told Scar For like, scar was a coward. He was lying, but he, that was still his weapon though. So I know that. Yeah, scar was Scar. That Scar killed Scar killed Muso over a, over a woman. Basically. He Did. But look at this, look at Nino Brown and, and you know the ct, There you go. Look at these real rap in these RB groups back all the back in the day people, it's always been because of the women. Almost every rap group, every beat started off as a woman Susan. And the one with Shorty was a clown.


That was her fault though. That was the, that was Shorty fault in in New Jack City. That that was her, she was a hoe. Emini here, whatever. But he was in love though. It be sensitive, they feeling hurt because Mua and Scar would've never had a beef if Scar wasn't so sensitive. It was so much other things that happened in that movie that started to have been like, dang bro. Like, but it was all over SIM's mama. That was So what I'm getting is this isn't a movie for adults. I shouldn't even take my son to see this. I should just go see. Nah, It's good though. I ain't go front like it is it, it is a, they be singing a lot though and the songs be kind of funny though. Like bye bye. You're gonna die. Bye Bye bye.


First of all, Ashton Gro as hell. Okay, Okay. Yeah. We going have to see this. This don't sound like no kid. This don't sound like the same Lion King. I grew up on It. It is different. I enjoyed it though. I ain't even gonna front. Well what's the moral of the story? If there is a moral Emini here? The moral of the story is man, women make the choice. So I'm glad that they even said that in the movie because I don't know where the delusion comes from. Where guys, where guys can just look at a girl and say, I'm gonna hit that. I'm gonna get that, I'm gonna f that. No, it's up to the woman whether or not she wants to F you or if she's going to allow you to hit that. So when young woman chooses, let the woman choose. I'm not about to fall out with my guy because you know, she think my man look better than me or she want to get with my man for whatever reason that that's, that, that's extremely lame to me.


All right, well I'm sorry if you haven't gone to see the movie, if I spoiled it for you, I apologize. Go see it. Emini Here. It's made a lot of money already. Yeah, from what I saw. Yeah, so it, it's it is. But we got just with the mess coming up, what we talking about. All right now we gonna get into Dwight and Shaq and all that comes with that. Alright, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I Just got a new toy in the mail. Okay, What's wrong with you man? I Got a new toy in the mail and this toy is amazing. Okay? It is. I can't say it on the radio. Can I? Oh You can say a penis light. It's A dick Tracy laser. Okay, he can say that. He can say that. Yes, he can say That. It's a D laser and C what does it say? One laser plus five D's. You remember the light that they shined?


Remember you told that story just about Jamie Fox? Yo, take that My face. Take that up my face man. What's Wrong with you putting the penis laser on him? I got one he's Been walking around all morning long with his penis. Laser shining on people's faces. Not people, just men. Okay. Harassment to do it with anybody else. Okay, Let's get to justice with the best. What's wrong with you? Real? Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spare nobody Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a coach. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on.


All right, so Dwight Howard recently appeared on Ray Daniel's show and they got on the topic about his longtime beef with Shaq. That's what he said. Never disrespected him, but he's always had something to say and you know there's times where I got upset and I'm like, yo, Shaq, this gotta stop man. Oh So you actually talked about it Literally during Dancing with the Stars somebody said that they're really close with Shaq And I said hey man, do you mind sending, sending Shaq a message? Yeah. You know to try to figure out like, yo, what's up? Yeah, can we have have a sit down conversation? 'cause every conversation or every time I hear or see something about you is you disrespecting me on some type of level. And at this point I'm like, do we need to throw heads?


Like what? What are we doing? Because I have not ever, like for me, the only thing I would do with Shaq is mimic. Mimic his voice. Emini here do like that. Oh okay. So that wasn't audio I was looking for but that was good that we played that 'cause we needed that too. But Shaq responded once he saw the response, once he saw what Howard said, ony Daniel show. And he said the fact that you think I care about you is funny but I won't ever bring up your name ever again. Sensitive big man. You are a jokester that can't take a joke, won't ever say your name ever again. HaveAGreatDay. And now you have been deleted HaveAGreatDay again. I don't know how many times he was gonna tell him HaveAGreatDay but he really wanted him to HaveAGreatDay.


He also put hella hashtags. Hashtag I never cared. Hashtag trust me. Hashtag don't need validation. You do hashtag stay off podcast. Yo Shaq is so petty. Hashtag the fact that you think I care is funny. Hashtag you gotta show respect to get respect. Now you're dead to me it's pretty, pretty big for that. But Dwight said, I know you cared 'cause your big insecure been hating talking ish for 20 years. You too big to be insecure. Whatever. Whatever he told he said, you always been jealous of me. You've been jealous of Kobe Penny Andy Weed. You also jealous of Charles too. So Shaq says still don't care. Nice move. I see what you doing. Your legacy is your new podcast. That's how you will be remembered.


And you need views. Damn I taught you well great job Hall of Fame podcaster, but still don't care. You need to sit down, you need my validation, I don't need yours. Basically repeating what he was saying and he said, he also said that he was too big to squabble or whatever. So he declined 'cause he's too old. Dwight responded and said, by the way, I don't want people to get entertained by two black men going back and forth. Come on to the podcast and let's hash this out. Now the beef between them that is, they've been beefing since Shaq was still in the NBA and it started because Dwight Howard had started calling this off to Superman. But Shaq used that, that name first for himself. So ever since Dwight took the name, you know Shaq been on his body real heavy calling him, calling him out about everything.


Why Y'all think Clark Kent feels guys Emini here, the original Superman, you know? Yeah, Well they mad at each other about it. And Dwight, he like he said, like you heard the audio before he actually tried to squash the beef when he was on Dancing with the Stars. Somebody he tried to get somebody to know Shaq like to squash it but it never happened like that. So we just waiting to see. It's Interesting that Dwight called Shaq insecure 'cause Shaq has never struck me as the insecure type and he's never struck me as the hating type. In fact, if listen to Shaq over the years, he's always talked about how it's his job to help you know, other people be better. Whether he wanted to go help community Kobe be the best or he wanted to help Penny Hardaway be the best, or he wanted Dwayne Wade to be the best or he wanted to go to Cleveland and help LeBron win a championship. Like I've al, he's always seemed very selfless to me.


I don't know him personally, never met him, but that's just how it seems. But He will always criticize, he will always do his job. Like if he's watching a game and he feels like a player is not giving his all from a basketball standpoint, he will criticize a player. He feels like this player is not doing this. He feels like this player is soft. He feels like this player is weak. So Shaq ain't gonna hold his tongue when it comes to to sports though. But I thought they said they were gonna fight too. What? What? What? Didn't they say they was gonna throw hands or something? No, Dwight said he wanted to throw hands. He said let's throw hands. And Shaq said I'm too old for That. I ain't, but Shaq was like, I'm too old for that. I'm 50. Like you know, you're trying to squabble at 50 Emini here. Best thing you should do is just stay on your podcast. That would be an interesting matchup though because we've never seen Dwight in action that I can remember. But Shaq fool is always down for a scrap. Like Shaq has always been willing to fight. But I've also seen Shaq throw a lot of punches in Mist.


He threw at Brad Miller in Mist. He threw at Charles Barkley in Mist. And the times I've seen him connect, he hasn't dropped a person but he does get active. Yeah, but Shaq is 52 years old, like Shaq ain't fighting. Yeah. And Dwight is in better shape right Now. He said that. Yeah. Dwight. Dwight Just say Shaq and Harley run somewhere. So it's not I, I still happen But Shaq probably got that old man script for now. Dwight have to fight dirty. Yeah, Dwight have to hit below the belt. And I wanted to get to this real quick. Yo Angelo ball has a hit and everybody surprised about this. He dropped a song last Friday, it's called Tweaker and a lot of celebrities is, is actually surprised that they like it. Where the song at? We got it. I might swerve in that corner. Whoa, hold on tight because I go And I heard that she wanna show who she be.


I'm kind. Show me some head to give a, give a, you want to tweak it over me and Yeah I see everybody saying it. Something like that. Yeah, it's if you come from a certain era, it sounds like some early two thousands. Cash money. Cash money, you know, juvenile, something outta Louisiana. I would Definitely say yeah, juvenile. Yep. Louisiana. I could see Booie on it and actually Booie actually wanted to be on it and so did Money Bag. Yo they inquired about hopping on the remix. Meek was on tweet Twitter trying to find it and everything. And now Rolling Loud has announced Lean Angelo will be performing during his first rolling loud in LA in March.


So He's just gonna do one song Emini here. Yeah, absolutely. He ain't headlining it. Nothing Emini here but this, this song is actually pick up bang. A lot of people been liking it. Yeah, Roland Loud is doing exactly what they're supposed to be doing. Yeah and if I was a radio station, if I was a program director, I'd be telling my DJs to play that in the mix show And I probably would even have that song, you know, programmed after 6:00 PM Spike here and there just because of the way that social media is talking about. But why do things that make sense nowadays? Right? Right about that. Oh and a person on Twitter say Angelo Ball bringing back the bling bling era of hip hop by himself and he will be remembered. That's crazy that he would be remembered for that. Wasn't he some good in in the, in the league? Nah, he was like He played in the G League.


Oh damn. I don't think he ever made his league right. He just played in the G League and played overseas for a little bit. The other two brother on The league three got some hot fire. So that's, that's what's up. Alright well that is just with the mess. Thank you Jess. Yep. People's choice mixes up next get your request in. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club salute to the NAACP president Derek Johnson, the president of BET Scott Mills and Chloe Bailey for joining us this morning. Yes, lut, all three of them. Chloe should be hosting the NAACP image Awards. I don't see any other reason for her to be running around with them. Right, okay. But like she said, if she can't host, she wants to perform. To me that's a no brainer. But what do I know, right?


And I don't forget the awards Air February 22nd, the nominations were announced yesterday and you can actually go to their website if you want to cast your vote for your favorite artist. All right. And and salute the Dwight Howard and Shaquille O'Neal again man, it makes me just really wish that celebrity Def Match was coming back. We were supposed to bring Celebrity Def Match Match back. It was supposed to be produced by myself and Ice Cube and MTV Green lit it and they announced it but they never put it out. But stuff like that is what would make for great celebrity death match. Shaq and Dwight Howard on there fighting, you know, Dwight fighting, hitting below the belt. Whoa going for Shaq Sack. Okay. Sad part is when he does that, folks gonna say, Dwight not fighting here and there having a good time.


Don't do that. Dwight is engaged to a woman. So don't be, don't be trying to do that. Trying to say all that. That's saying He's newly engaged to a woman. He ain't on that no more. He was what if he was delivered? Like he don't do all that now. You know Jesus Christ. All right. All right. When we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I Do Hold up before he do that, before he do that I will be in Cab Zone California to girl Ja will be there with your guy Desi Alexander at Morongo Casino and Resort.


The show starts at 8:00 PM Get your tickets@ticketmaster.com or jais official.com. We'll be there. That's my first time in Cab Zone. But they said ain't nothing there, but like a bunch of Native Americans. So calling all the the Native American Ka Amazonians, I see Allall Saturday, All the indigenous people, all in people, the foundational black foundational Americans, you know, And I here that's what's up. You look at a lot of indigenous people, they look like black people. So yeah. Yes, yeah. Get you tickets. I reach you tickets, not just hilarious official.com. Now the positive note is simply this man. You know, we always talk about hard work and you gotta have hard work, you know, to get to where you want to be. But we never talk about perseverance.


Perseverance is a word that we gotta start coupling with hard work. 'cause perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. A lot of people do the hard work and then they get tired of working hard and they quit. But the ones that actually usually make it are the ones that have perseverance. So perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. Have a blessed Day Breakfast Club bitches, do y'all finish or y'all done? Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into are getting into.


Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now, Do you want a shortcut to the best version of you? Here it is. Feed The Good Wolf. I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the One You Feed. Every week I talk to brilliant minds and brave souls about the art of small powerful choices.


Our listeners say it all. This is a lifeline Transformational, the Best antidote to a bad mood I've ever heard. Join the pack and start feeding your best self. Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. So I host the Golden Globes at Hollywood's biggest party. Honestly, you've probably seen all the headlines this week, but like any good party, there's a lot of wild stuff that goes down behind the scenes that you don't know about. And since I hosted the Golden Globes, I'm letting my podcast listeners, my besties in on all the behind the scenes tea stuff that didn't make it to the live TV taping, what went down in rehearsals, who said what at the after party.


You're going to hear it all. Listen to the Nikki Glaser podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I'm Ed Tron, host of the Be Offline podcast, and this January we're gonna go on the road to beautiful Las Vegas Nevada to cover the consumer electronic show text. Biggest conference, be offline. CES coverage won't be the usual rundown of the hottest gadgets or biggest trends, but an unvarnished look at what the tech industry plans to sell or do to you. In 2025, I'll be joined by David Rother defector and the writer Edward Ono Jr. With guest appearances from Behind the Bastar. That's Robert Evans. It Could Happen here, his GA Davis, and a few surprise guests throughout the show. Listen to Better Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever else you get your podcast from.


Hey y'all, I'm Dr. Joy Harden Bradford, host of Therapy for Black Girls. This January. Join me for our third annual January Jumpstart series. Starting January 1st, we'll have inspiring conversations to give you a hand in Kickstarting your personal growth. If you've been holding back or playing small, this is your all access pass to step fully into the possibilities of the new year. Listen to Therapy for Black Girls starting on January 1st on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.