
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Okay, I got some good news and I've got some great news. The good news is that Amazon Prime Day is almost here. The great news this year, prime Day will last four days from July 8th to the 11th. We're talking about four days of unbelievable deals in every category you can think of. So this is your chance to save big on well, whatever you're into. Tools, appliances, clothes, toys, everything. The countdown is on Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. That's hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne will be here in a couple of minutes and it's Friday. Hey, the weekend is here. Yes. That almond head man. Come back here today. Yes. He'll be back today. He's on his way. He's on his way. Alright. That's dope. How you feeling? I'm feeling good. How you feeling? What you do yesterday? I'm feeling sore. Yes. From the gym. Yes. So if, if you didn't hear yesterday, Jess trainer, Dr. Chuck Morris. Yes. Decided to work me out yesterday. And if you don't know what his training is about is the way that he runs his training business is that you can train for one day for 20 minutes.


And it's the same workout is working five days. Okay. And I know it sounds crazy. It does. And it does. There's no way that it, it makes sense, but it is until You go and actually experience it. Right. So I went with Jess, we worked out Together. Yes, we did shout To Chris. Chris was there as well. Yes, yes, yes. And you know when Jess, Jess started to work out first and Jess is screaming like crazy. Ah, All that. Oh yes. I'm like, What is so crazy? I'm like, Jess must not never work out. No. Then it was my turn right now salute to salute to your husband, Chris. So Chris is there now. Chris walks in. So I'm like, I gotta be tough. You know what, Emini here, I right. I ain't gonna be screaming like Jess if we go, ah, I'm screaming like a little girl.


And then he cussing the cussing the trainer out, I'm cussing. He's like, it's all you got. He like, MFI am. What the F you mean F you? And I was like, oh my God. But they like that. They like that. He Was like, push harder. Push harder. It got to the point Chris is behind me, like, go in, we Go. It was, yes. It Was crazy. So the workout is good. So the workout, like, like you said, if you didn't see the interview, you could, you could go to our YouTube page. His name is Dr. Chuck Morris. And he talks about a, a training regimen where you only work out one day a week for 20 minutes. And it's the same intensity and workout as five days of a workout. I, I know it sounds crazy, but you Know I got this footage right? Yeah, I know. Oh, I got This footage and it's going up today. I believe you. I know. Yeah. And I was trying to make fun of you and everything.


It really was. You Was like, dang, what she having a baby? What is this a freak off? What is this? What is she? Why she so loud and what cracking up? As soon as he sat down and got in that chair and he worked on two machines. So he has two machines. I only did one. Envy did two. And then you was talking extra ish. 'cause you was like, they was only, they was only gonna warm you up. You was like, ain't no warm up. I don't want no demo. This what I do. Like I'm, nah. I said, all right, let's see what Logan say about this footage. Yeah. I Can't wait till that footage goes up and it ute to everybody that celebrated Juneteenth yesterday. Drop a ball off. Everybody celebrated Juneteenth. How was your event at American Dream with Lauren La American Dream was dope. I met Honey Baby Honey, baby. Oh, talk to her, right? Yeah, yeah. Artist Honey Baby. So she's supposed to be coming up soon. Hopefully her album just dropped. Then I did an event in Queens, which was pretty dope.


So it was where I grew up in Queens, well, part of close to where I grew up in Queens. I was South Side. I'm from North Side. But it was just dope. It was 8,000 people in the park. Damn. Yo. Like Just, it was a free event. Wow. It was music, it was slides. It was, yeah, events for the kids. It was, it was so many vendors. It was just a dope community. Until I got on, when I got on it was only like 2000. What? You went Late? No. 'cause it started raining. Oh yes. It was Thunderstorm. It kept raining Yesterday. Right. So I got this, I'm like, oh, I'm about to kill it. Yeah. Then the rain came out, you know, black people in their head. They was out Uhuh Out, out, Out, running out. But we still, we started an amazing event. They had 8,000 out there.


I brought out a bunch of Queens artists. Salute to Lu, got Cash, bass, swag, CashCo, Bain, dsi, Jim Jones came and Pulled up. Okay, Jim. It was just a dope event. So salute to everybody that came out and showed love yesterday. I really appreciate you guys. That's so, but let's get the show cracking. Kiki Palmer will be joining us this morning. My girl, she has a new album called Just Kiki. We gonna kick it with her. And let's start off with some bull crap. Cardi B got a new record outside. Oh, I didn't hear it. Oh, outside. Let's listen. I don't know if it's a disc record or outside record or both. It Would definitely sound like a disc record. Might be both. Let's get to it now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Front page News is next. I like that established. Oh no, she definitely throwing shots. Oh yeah. She damn shots. Yeah. And she doubled down on the line. Oh my God.


From invasion on privacy. She said, how is mother raised the be? Oh my God. She loved telling somebody, I can't wait to see your mother so I can tell 'em how she raised the bitch. Oh my God. Jesus Christ. Thank you. All right, well that was Cardi B outside. I'm sure we'll be playing the next hour as well. Let's get in some front page news now. Last night in sports, the pace is tied to series. They won 1 0 8 91. The series is tied Three. Three. Game seven is Sunday at 8:00 PM and we'll see what happens. Also, the bus family is set to sell the Lakers to Mark Walton. Now Mark Walter also owns the Dodgers, correct? Yes. They're selling it for $10 billion, which is crazy, but Woo. That's a lot of money. What's up Morgan?


Hey. Hey. How we feeling on a Friday? You already know girl. Good? Yes. Cheers to the mother from weak. Okay, let's get to it. All right, so first off, front page, the White House says, president Trump has a timeframe for when he will make a decision about the possible intervention, US intervention into the Israel Iran conflict. Yesterday during a White House press briefing, press secretary Caroline Levitt spoke on the conflict saying she had a message from the president, directly from the president. Let's take a listen to her comments. I have a message directly from the president, And I quote, based on the fact that there's a substantial chance of negotiations that may or may not take place with Iran in the near future, I will make my decision whether or not to go within the next two weeks.


So White House press secretary Caroline Levitt went on to say, president Trump's stance that Iran can't have a nuclear weapon shouldn't come as a shock and added that we will, the President will always choose diplomacy if possible. Let's take a listen to the remainder of her comments. The president has made it clear he always wants to pursue diplomacy. But believe me, the president is unafraid to use strength if necessary. And Iran and the entire world should know that the United States military is the strongest and mo most lethal fighting force in The World. So there has been wide speculation whether Trump will use, authorize the use of US bunker busting bombs to take out Iranian nuke facilities.


The president has expressed concern over Iran for years and has long maintained the stance that they cannot have a nuclear weapon. Meanwhile, Senator Tech Cruz, I I do have a question. So just so far, as far as right now, right now we're just shooting down Iran's missiles, right? That's, that's our only involvement to this day, right? No, No, right now we're just waiting for two weeks. Essentially. Those, those, I believe those are coming from Israel, the defense. Okay. I don I believe that we're not involved at all. At least that's the stance that we have been taking as of right now. But did you see that it was a shutdown between Ted Cruz and somebody where Yeah, the Guy Dr. Carlson? Yes.


Yes. He actually did. Let's say that we, oh, okay. We got that. We, yeah. Go kid, girl. Yeah. So we could get into that real quick. In fact, we could just run right into the audio. There's a clip that shows conservative personality. Tucker Carlson, quizzing Senator, Texas Senator Ted Cruz about the population of Iran. And they had a little bit of a spicy exchange. Let's take a listen to that audio. I, I don't know the population at all. No, I don't know the population. You don't know the population of the country you seek to topple? I how many people living around 92 million. Okay. Yeah. I I How could you not know that? You don't know anything about Iran. So, country, I'm not the, the Tucker Carlson expert on a ranch.


You're a senator who's calling to the government. You're the onet know anything about the country. No. You don't know anything about the country. You're the one who claims they're not trying to murder Donald Trump. Listen, Tucker Carl said he might be on the conservative side, but baby said, look, you got to know what you got to know. Okay? But it's also the part if, if, if we would've kept that going a little bit longer, he actually said like, Ted Cruz actually said, we, we are like, he took accountability. Like, like we doing this together, like America is doing this together with, With maybe in, in tandem with its allies. Yeah. And he said, and, and take Cruz Emini here. And Tucker Carlson told him like, okay, well this is exclusive. You're, you're breaking this right here. You're saying that we are involved.


What are you talking about? And then he changed it to, no, no, no. We're supporting them doing that. No, we're Exactly, because Israel is our ally. No, as of right now, we are not involved in this so-called gotta Be careful. Gotta be careful. You, you definitely gotta be careful. But as of right now, we are not involved in this so-called war outside of being a support and ally to Israel. So crazy. I'll keep you guys posted as to what happens. As the president indicated two weeks. Two weeks, he, we will make a decision or he will make a decision in terms of what will happen, in terms of what we do moving forward in this conflict between Israel and Iran. So stick around at seven. We will talk about, yeah, the president and how he feels about Juneteenth.


That was yesterday. So yeah, we'll get into that. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Maybe, maybe you had an amazing juneteenth or maybe it was a horrible one. Maybe you wanna get at your, your baby mama. Your baby daddy, whatever it may be. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, man. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk away, That you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly.


Hello. Who's this? Anonymous? Anonymous. What's up? Good morning Everyone. Anonymous. Anonymous. What's up? Get it off your chest. Anonymous Man. Listen, I'm a gringo, you know, with these holidays, most of my, my Latino friends And I, they don't really celebrate the memorial and all like that. And another thing, when I go to they restaurants, they offer, Hey Papi, you want food? You want food, you want soup? I say, sure. But when I opened the pot, I say, I don't eat the mommy. I'm a green bowl. I don't eat chicken claws. I don't, I'm a and negro Green Bowl. You are crazy. Goodbye sir. It's Friday. I can't mess with 'em today.


Hello? Who's this? Hey, good morning. Good morning. Give off your chest. So I just wanna say that I have the worst baby father ever. That what? The worst baby father ever. You have the worst baby father ever. What'd he do? What? What's he not doing? I should say? Yes. Well so he, we, I had his first child, then he left and he went to and he had four other kids and he just don't support them at all. It's just like, it's horrible bro. So be safe. Choose them wisely. Yeah, that, that's good advice. Choose who you procreate with. You won't say his name though.


I will. Na Damn. Wow. Okay. All right, well thank you mama. Hello. Who's this Vie? What's up, Envy? What's up Trav? Hey chilling. What's up Lauren? Lauren's in the back. Lauren Night. I in the back. Oh okay. I thought she was doing, what's up Jeff? What's up babe? What's Y'all man? You running? He be in a second. Oh. He'll be in little second. Okay. Okay. Okay. Y'all his primar and his black music Mo and y'all know I'm gay And I do music a yo, so. Yes. Yes. What you say John? It's the way you said it. Ol you know I'm gay And I do music, so, okay. So what, what you Got dropped A little song. I dropped a little song for pride. You know I'm always putting out little music.


Okay. This, I dropped a little rap. You know what Emini here we're doing? Doing a little rap so you can go check it out on YouTube. Twin Williams. It's called Pride featuring Greg Green. And that's a cute little song. Y'all gotta check it out. Lemme drop a little there. Alright. All. All right. Cool. Thank you Trav. You been turning up for pride? I've been doing a little something. You need to doing a little something. What is the big parade? The parade was June 1st. Oh, I Missed it. Oh it was on the first Philly. Oh. I'm talking about the big New York parade. Like there's a huge spread out. I think New York is next week. New York Pride is next week. Right? You, you're not DJing in the parade? Nah, they haven't hired me to DJ in the parade. But if they, if they pay me I would dj, I don't care. Absolutely.


Yeah, I definitely sure you. You better get that bag. They be paying the bag. Yeah, I don't mind. I would definitely dj But Alright. Y'all have a good, All right, well Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's A new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up Whether you're mad Or blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what up in, what's The word? What's up? Who's this Man? This Tim Bur from West Bag, Gary, Indiana, Indianapolis facing stand up.


You know what's going on. Ooh, y'all series is tied. Three. Three. I ain't go front. Yeah, you know what's going on Morning ladies, how y'all Feeling? I still think this is the year for y'all. Like y y'all slid through the Milwaukee. Y'all slid through Cleveland. Y'all slid through the Knicks? I think this is y year. Yeah, it's a blue collar city baby. We working hard. You know what's going on. Hey, You got one more game? What's up though? What's up? Hey can, can I say squirt on the radio? Go ahead. Yeah, so I had, I was having intercourse with my girl last night and she squirted on, we went to sleep. Right. And we woke up, she told me how bad I smelled And I went to the bathroom. I realized it was her. So you Say I don get off my Did you tell her it was her Eat most fruits and vegetables? Ah, Did you tell her that I stink 'cause of you?


Yeah. See How you, Oh Just here go my baby. Hey, How you doing girl? Don't be scared. Now we on radio. Hey yo. Whatever. UTI. What's that? Damn right. Yeah. U-T-I-U-T. So Yeah, she might, man, especially if she told you that you stink. But sometimes it take, it takes. Don't tell me I smell like girl that is you. Ooh Ooh. You know you never again. Never. Right. That Relationship is over. Right. And I can eat that butt. I gonna eat that butt right now. Okay, look, he don't even about The spank. You nasty. Hey yeah Though. Front the back. You hear me? All right, well enjoy your weekend. I guess All God bless Allall man.


Alright. Right. You definitely sounding out like he was in one of 'em free calls. Yeah. Yo. Hello? Who's this? This is Terrance. How y'all doing this morning? What's up brother? Talk? I had a question. When it comes to Donald Trump all this tough talk, he talked about Obama for eight years every day. But he waited Obama left office to run for president. Right. He didn't shout him. Now when it comes to the women, he won against Hillary, he lost against Biden. He won against Campbell. Harris. So he only won against women. He never won against a man. So wouldn't that make him a president? Not, not a president but a press herent. Hey. Yeah. No, he's still a president. That make more sense.


Emini here. No, I'm just saying he is a president. But since he won against women, wouldn't it be press herent? I, I'm not playing this game with you crowd. He's the president. I see what You're saying buddy. See what he saying? Yeah. Unless y'all, y'all enjoy your morning y'all. Thank you. You too. You know he was waiting a whole Yes. Long time joke. Thought it out. He was like, this is gonna hit. Could wait. This is gonna hit. Hello? Who's this? This Is Keisha from Miami. What's up Keisha from Miami. Get it off your chest. Stop dating men that are jealous of you. These men will set you back because they can't get ahead. And today I'm telling all the message. Make it happen to leave. They asses alone. They hate you. Jesus. What a God did to you.


Why was they jealous of you mama? What you doing that made him so jealous And you, I hope you left them if that's how you feel. That's crazy. 'cause I still talk to them. So who's the problem? They the problem. You can't be bad that people can do stuff and you can't do it. Like, you know what I'm telling too much in my business. And they might know me. See you. See you said he jealous of you. But you can't get over that deed though. Oh we don't even, that's a crazy thing. We don't even do that. We, this is just fun. This is fun. So he ain't giving you no good deed. He jealous of you and you still around who? The fooling. I'm Just here today because this just dumb as hell at this point, right?


Yeah, It's crazy. He like, I got it off my chest. That's all A good one, mama. You too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up. Alright. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? Yes. We talking new music. Cardi B dropped her first song of 2025. She's letting us know as we've been seeing she's back outside. Yes. Offset dropped as well. But he's getting some unfair criticism. Okay, we'll talk about that when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight Man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la sometimes. Sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Alright y'all. So Cardi B has dropped her first song of 2025 and it is called Outside now. Cardi B definitely is talking about her current situation being single and starting to date and being around. Let's take a listen to some of the verses. So she, she talks about her choice in dating right now.


So athletes, let's take a listen to Cardi B on the Patriots. Yes. Mm. So then she, she does another line where she throws a direct, another direct shot. She talks about people's mothers and how they were raised. So take a listen to that. She Doubled down on that line. That was one of our lines from a invasion of privacy. The worst part about that is when the mama be like, yeah, your bitch just like his daddy. Damn. That's when she agree with her. Damn. Now this, this, this song drop. Of course fans are excited because Cardi has been teasing her new album that is gonna come. But yesterday Offset posted a video to his Instagram and in the video he's sitting down and there's like a lie detector test, like a polygraph test that he's on.


And then there's a bunch of different women in the liner that are coming up to him as he's sitting on his desk. But it's a visual for his new song that he has called Bodies with JID. And in his comments, they are in his comments. The Cardi fans are there for sure. So the that he dropped that before his song actually dropped. Right. So of course you're thinking like, okay, before her song actually, I'm sorry, yes. Before Cardi B song actually dropped. So then the conversation begins that, okay, they're dropping on the same day. We know of Cardi Song is called Outside. What this is gonna be, it's gonna be a battle between the songs they're Dropping on the same day. 'cause Friday is the day you're release no music. Yes. But with the way that the visual looked, the name of the song, everything that's been happening, people started to draw their own conclusions. When I tell y'all it was so unfair.


It was so unfair. Take a listen to Offset song, which is a great song. Let Bite set the Fly, Let the threw million dollars into pay all the free Dagg. Sleeping and Dreaming, talking to the Rocky. He told me Go up. I told him that I got him from Mr I got it, I Got it. I pick up a stick. Admit The heart pick up. I ain't gonna lie, Nigga did it Cut off. JI go in JI kills it. Did Hear I Offset the song Is Fired Offset To be a hater So bad that No, and that's what I'm saying Went, They both went crazy. Man. I listened to that three times on Way And I like that song hard.


Wow. Like Offset makes good music. But that was, oh my god, it was so good. But when I, that's why I was saying it was unfair because people didn't even give it a chance to be something other than what they're currently dealing with. Right. Well It was just a pres speculation that he thought they thought he was gonna be going at his ex-wife Emini here, his wife. You know what Emini Here? Yeah, I guess it was called Body. So That's what they assumed. But now That song was tough and it is hard. You didn't have to do that either. Lauren, you chose to play those two records together just now. I did Choose that. I did. You didn't have to do that. I did. You chose to do that. I did. You chose to contribute to the Mess. No, I cho not contributing to the mess what I was trying to do here. But Mr. Messi wanna live in in Mess over there. I know you ain't. What I was trying to do here was clarify what act, what the record actually is about and giving it some praise because it's a great record, but people are just not giving it the time to take or taking the time to listen because they think it's adding to the Cardi B offset drop.


Well, what Is it actually about then? Because I really don't know, so I just know it's hard. So If you listen to it, it's about, he's just, he's he's, it's about bodies dropping on the floor. It's about basically if you come at him, they how they handle you. Oh, it's just like a, A rapper's record.


Hey, what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts. Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say Do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC.


You know what Emini here? It's like all that stuff. A rap record. Yeah. You talking about cooking people up in the kitchen like a omelet and all of those things. Like Okay. Yeah, it's The best way to, you know, stop that from happening is not to put those two records together. Like all sitting ain't got nothing to do with Cardi Music. Cardi ain't got nothing to do with all sex music. Well, Cardi ISS throwing shots either way, but Offsets record is just a hit. It's just a regular ass record, which is dope. It's, yeah, the, it's a dope record. Switch up everything. I ain't dope. Record ain't here JID part, but that is not Oh, not j killed it too. Yeah. Cool. Both of 'em salute to both of 'em. Yes. Alright, y'all now I'm gonna be heading back to court today. So just wanted to give like a brief, oh, we got a couple minutes so just, I know, right. Just wanted to give a brief kind of like catch up from where we last were. So Charlamagne, you asked me today if the prosecution was gonna arrest because originally that was supposed to happen between Wednesday and Friday of this week.


I reached out to figure out if that was still gonna happen because Wednesday court was canceled because one of the jurors got a vertigo. So from what I'm told today may not be the day that the prosecution rests because of that day that they lost. It'll depend on the questioning of the witnesses, the back and forth and things of that nature. So yeah, Anybody taking the sand, that's anybody They've been having verifying witnesses on the stand. They had a investigator, they had a former assistant, like these are people that they're speaking to text messages from like Diddy's, personal assistance, kk and just different people at this point. Everything's just like a summary. They play those audio or the freak officer court. Yeah. Sort of kind of to do that as well. They recently too just released a audio of Cassie from months ago where she was coming at somebody who found one of the freak off tapes or whatever because the defense is gonna use this.


But I think the big question here is now people wanna know where the defense is gonna go and what they're gonna do. Like how do you shoot back at a lot of the things we've been hearing over these last like, what, six weeks? There's only one star witness that can shoot back. You really think, did he shoot on The scene? And that's Sean Combs. Yeah. Man, if I'm facing life in prison, like why wouldn't I get on the stand and speak for myself? I Don't think, I don't think he's gonna do it though. Right? They, they said he's not gonna do it. Or, or have they decided that yet? There, so there is a People magazine article that did in exclusive saying that they have sources that say a hundred percent he's not going to, I have not been able to confirm a hundred percent he's not going to, or that he's going to as well. I don't know if, if they Know and if, and if you feel like you not guilty. Right. And you really believe that you not guilty. Stand on your truth.


Yeah, I Emini here. I, I don't know. 'cause maybe there's some things that maybe they could catch him up on that lawyers know that we wouldn't know. But I'm kind, I was on drugs. I'm kind, I'm retarded. I'm, you know, I'm saying okay, the power got to me. I was ego tripping. I was bugging. Okay, I did that, I did that, but I ain't do this. Y'all saw me do that, but I ain't do this. But Some of the things they could say is illegal. Like, Hey, did you fly in an escort, sex trafficker have Sex? They got him on that already though. Like that's a, that's a thing. They know that He can't deny that one. Yeah, I So what is he going up there for? If they got him on all those things already To try and humanize himself. If he does get on the stand, that's the only thing, in my opinion, that's the only thing I think he could do. Because it's like, if they got him on things, which I feel like they do that he's not gonna walk away from, it's like, okay, can we make the blow a a little softer?


Whoa. Oh shit. I was power tripping. I was on drugs. Okay. I was bugging. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah, for real. Throw yourself on the mercy of the court. Yeah, Well and so re had a baby and her birthday is today. So who Happy Soray. Joey Badass baby mama. Oh, oh, oh. Congratulations today Empire. Congratulations. So yes, Congratulations and happy birthday. Happy birthday. All right, well that is the latest with Laura. Now when we come back we got an announcement and then front page news and Kiki Palmer will be joining us. All right. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage. LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30.


Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Now, last night the Pacers beat the OKC, I should say the Thunder 1 0 8 91. The series is tied three three. Game seven is this Sunday at eight Eastern time. All right. Now also the bus family. That's the family that's owned the Lakers for a long time now they are selling the organization to Mark Walter for $10 billion. Now Mark Walter also owns the Los Angeles Dodgers. So I believe that she'll still be a governor for the team, but they are selling it for $10 billion, which is a lot of money. Damn. Alright, what's up Morgan?


Alright y'all, so let's get back into it. I hope you enjoyed your Juneteenth because apparently this President, president Trump, he's not too fond of people having the day off in a post on truth social Trump wrote quote, too many non-working holidays in America. It is costing our country billions of dollars to keep all of these businesses closed. The workers don't want it either. Soon we'll end up having a holiday for every once working day a year. Not sure what he meant there. It must change if we are going to make America great again. Now, during a White House briefing yesterday, press Secretary Caroline Levitt was asked if President Trump planned to mark the occasion Juneteenth in any way with a celebration of sorts.


Emini here she was asked the question twice. Let's take a listen. Does The president plan to commemorate the holiday today or make any comment On it? I'm not tracking his signature on a proclamation today. I know this is a federal holiday. I wanna thank all of you for showing up to work. We are certainly here. We're working 24 7 right now. Nikki, go ahead. Actually That was my question. Will he plan to Mark Juneteenth in any way either today or with an event later on maybe next week? Sure. I just answered that question for you. Yeah, so she said, I said what I said, and for those who don't know that Juneteenth commemorated the end of slavery in the US June 19th, 1865 is when slaves in Galveston, Texas found out two years later that they were free.


Which is so crazy. 'cause I, I feel like even with Juneteenth, I feel like a lot of places don't take it as serious as we should. Like kids still had school yesterday, you Like Oh really? Yes. Like, you know, it, it was supposed to be a, a national federal holiday where everything was closed, but kids still had school. Wow. Which is wild. You know what, Emini here. So I, you know, I don't, I don't feel like they take it as serious anyway. What up Charlotte Emini here. It, it's also new too. We don't really have no traditions to go with it yet. Well, if it's live, I've been around a Long time. But if, if it's a holiday, it's a, a holiday. Even Martin Luther King Day even they have Do nothing on that day. That's just a day we got off. That's what June team kind of is. It's just a day to have off. Like we supposed to celebrate The Couple years. It's become a federal holiday. It's things that do you just gotta go do them. Like what they do, they do.


There's like in Brooklyn, they do like a huge day where you can come out and you have like black vendors you can shop. I'm Talking about nationally like 4th of July. We know what to do on 4th of July. I, I'm riding in just, And I heard about five 4th of July commercials. Mm. Yeah. Know What I'm saying? Emini here. You right. See, But even Martin Luther King Day, like the kids don't have off school on that day either. They don't, like you said, it is fairly new in terms of it being a federal holiday. Emini here. Biden signed the Pro proclamation in 2021. So to your point, Charlamagne, we just gotta create whatever the official, what's the tradition statement is, like you said on 4th of July, you know you're gonna have cookouts and fireworks. So what's the full whatever what we do on Juneteenth Fried chicken, mac and cheese guys.


Now you into another culture now. But yeah, that's, that's what it should be all. So all You know, diabetes too. Hey black. If we're gonna make it black, go all the the way back to the diaspora. Include 'em all. Okay. Yes. Alright, well let's move on guys. Tensions continue to rise here in the United States when it comes to matters of ice and immigration. The White House says sanctuary cities will increasingly be targeted by ice press. Secretary Caroline Levitt said, Trump is securing the homeland, noting not a single alien, illegal alien was released into the US last month. She also touted the decrease of illegal immigrant crossings at the southern border. Let's take a listen to her comments. The efforts by President Trump to stop the illegal immigrant invasion and secure the border in this short amount of time represent one of the greatest achievements by a presidential administration.


In the history of our great country, illegal criminals who are hiding in America's largest so-called sanctuary cities will be increasingly targeted for removal. Radical Democrats will no longer be allowed to shelter illegal to threaten public safety. As part of their cynical efforts. She went on to say that Homeland Security is ramping up efforts to arrest and deport millions of illegal aliens that former President Biden let in. There were initial anti-ice protests in Los Angeles when the immigration operations began, but they have since died down. But check, but check this out. A federal appeals court has ruled in favor of President Trump and his administration regarding the deployment of those National Guard troops to California.


The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals says the president is within his rights to deploy to troops amid the protests in Southern California over immigration raids. Now the ruling by a three judge panel allows nearly 4,000 National Guard troops to remain in Los Angeles, California. Governor Gavin Newsom sued the president over his decision to deploy the National Guard. Last week, a federal judge agreed with Newsom and ruled Trump's actions were illegal. But since then, a new, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has said, well, Trump is the president and he is within his right to deploy those troops in California. Now, LA Mayor Karen Bass just wants to know why, because President Trump has decided to send another 2000 National Guard troops, as I previously mentioned in this report, that those protests have since died down.


But Trump is going to send another 2000 National Guard troops to those protestors in LA and LA Mayor Karen Bass wants to know why. She says LA is a city of immigrants and immigrants and this is creating a lot of fear and that anyone can be targeted. And she questioned the need for the troops. Let's take a listen to her comments. Why do you have these young people here who have to miss work at school, leave their families and they're, and they're here for no reason. In some instances, And I'm sure you've seen the pictures in some instances sleeping on the floor of the federal building. Why are we doing this to them? It sounded like the audio went out, cut out a little bit there. But she said, why are you doing this to these young people who have to miss work Miss School? She's talking about these National Guard troops.


So the US Northern Command said Tuesday that defense secretary Pete Hex Seth activated the troops under an Army code, which allows the president to call the National Army, the National Guard into federal service when the US is under invasion. Yes. So California Governor Gavin Newsom, of course, has been critical of this deployment and said the soldiers were diverted from critical wildfire work and are now twiddling their thumbs for Donald Trump's political theater. Furthermore, I just think that with the tensions rising with Iran and Israel, it just, we need not spread our resources then. That's all I'm gonna say about that. But, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, y'all could follow me on socials at Morgan Media.


And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@vinews.com. Thank you very much. Peace Morgan? Yeah. Alright, now when we come back, Kiki Palmer will be joining us. Her new album Just Kiki is out today and we gonna kick it with Kiki when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This seems like this is like, it's a different type of Kiki this time. Yeah, for sure. Emini here. I think the life changes, it changed me, my experiences after having my son turning 30 and even all the public stuff. So I think it just made the music more personal. 'cause I was personal in those other projects, but I wasn't the me that I am today.


So when you get more personal with you, it always impacts your art. Do you feel like people try to sometimes keep you in that box of being a, a childhood actor and entertainer and not say, look, I'm 30, I got kids. She grown. She grown. You still look at Kiki as that young child actor. Yes. Yeah. Even with Leo, people still do. I'm not mad at it. I, I love it Emini here. I feel like I'm everybody's little cousin. So Emini here, you know, I do think people think of it like that, but it ain't a bad thing. Yeah. You know, When, when was the turning point for you of like, okay, like you felt the change of like, this is mother Kiki Palmer versus ki it's your girl Kiki Palmer. From the moment that I met my son, literally on my, on my stomach right after I had him, I was just like, son, I'm so glad to meet you and everything changed.


I'm sure you know, as a mom it, it sounds crazy, but the blink of an eye, all the things that you used to think about, worry about what bothered you. As long as that baby is good, yeah, everything else is great. You Don't care about nothing else. You don't care about nothing else. Yeah. The stakes become way less in your world and way higher for them. Now break down this album a little bit. This album, we could tell that you got your director hat on. 'cause this is shot like a movie, right? Yes. There's an intro, there's a middle and there's an outro. And, and you if for people that that haven't heard it yet, you break it down kind of like the problem. Yep. I'm wilding out and then we're gonna make it work. So break it down a little bit. Yeah. So I think it's definitely like, kind of what you said the beginning is like, you know, I wonder how I got here.


We start out with Off script, Usher Got you here. That guy got here Us Some things. Usher Got you here. But go Ahead. Yes. So we go from off script to and, and kind of is like a sketch show 'cause it's just Kiki the show, when you enter, that's the device that kind of takes us through the vignette to the music video. And pretty much we get into that middle and it's kind of like, this is how it happened, this was the love story and then this is how things went left. And, and now we end on misunderstood. Where it's kind of like, it's still open-ended of how do you, how do you now make sense of it all and being okay with not actually having made sense of it, but know you're moving forward. Especially the best possible way for my son. Now we're joking about it, but was Usher the, the, the problem or was it just the, the thing that, that that made everything burst.


It was just the public, you know, thing that made, that was like an inciting incident. But you know, relationships have problems. You know what Emini here Usher is, you know, decide, you know, besides what you think 'cause of the boondocks episode, he don't, you know, he's not the person. It's just life, you know. And after having a kid and just whatever else, growing, needing to mature. But the usher moment just made it like a public thing because Of y'all. If, if when I take my wife to see Usher, oh and he comes with the cherries, I'm grabbing the cherries. Yeah. And he like Put them in my, per my Mouth. Like put in my mouth. We here together. Y'all are silly That that's what we doing. So you broke it down. Obviously it, it wasn't just the usher. 'cause we've been listening to the music and you get I'm so glad like to it. You know what Emini here, like we, Lauren, you know the tracks, the, the one she, well it's, it's a, it's a lot of the one you start.


I wanna know particular One, the Steadman one, the ones you wanna start. I wanna know. Well I think they're talking about what was the off script? Off script. Off script. That's so when you start with off script you, which I thought was an ironic play on your life because we've seen you so scripted and so what that we think so what puts you together. But this was the first time where we're like, wait, what's happening with Kiki coming? Like that is going on right now. Right. So in that you talk about, first of all you say that it wasn't even about fighting for money. You guys were fighting to figure out how to work with your child, you and your ex or not ex Yeah, no, your ex. Yeah. And then you also talk about you, you're basically, you, you're trying to show him that you love him and you're like, I even let you get me pregnant. And when you said that, I'm like, wow.


So before we found out about all the usher things and all that stuff that happened, I found out. But before that happened, were there like insecurities in the relationship from his part and you felt like being, you know, bringing a kid into The World would change things or like what was that line about Yeah, Emini here, I think, I can't speak for him, but obviously there was discomfort. Anytime you're dating somebody in the public eye Yeah. And you're not a person of the public eye, it just brings a dynamic that really you don't, you can't explain it unless you've experienced it or if that person is also in the public eye. And then when I said the thing about my son, it's like you do think when you decide, when you and someone come together and decide to have a child and y'all made that decision and that, you know, that was my son was brought in purposefully that hey, we're on the same page.


But it doesn't mean that, And I think even more so after you have a kid, you start to see things that maybe you didn't see the way you saw them before. Yeah, right. It almost opens up whatever insecurities you have, whatever insecurities they have. Because you go from being a one to a two and now a three. And so yeah, I think, you know, having a child, it really will test the relationship and, and show you who you have to be to show up for that child. You felt like you had to prove yourself in a relationship. Just like, 'cause you are a star, right? You are in the public eye and sometimes for somebody that doesn't understand that, it feels like you're kind of leaving them. So do you feel like you have to prove even more that No, I do love you. No, I am here for this situation. Do you feel like you had to prove that even more? I Think there are elements of that. Even if you don't go in thinking that that's what you're doing.


I think that there could have been, I, I felt like I grew so much in terms of learning better boundaries with myself because honestly I never would really even be public with a relationship. Yeah. But this was a different love, right? This is the love that brought Leo my son into correct. Into my life. So it was, it was a different level. So I was pushing the envelope with my personal and professional boundaries. And I, I don't wanna say I regret it, you know, because it is what it is and it opened up a new phase of my life of how I want to be less fragmented and be more integrated in there. But at the end of the day, yes. It's like I'm never gonna not be Kiki Palmer. Yeah. You know, I can't turn it off. It's not a, a costume that I can remove. So it's gonna always kind of be a thing that whatever relationships I have are gonna have to understand or work around.


You know, you got that line in there that they mentioned that you thought he was gonna be your Steadman. Okay. Right, Because Emini here, because That, when my dad heard that line, my dad said it was a good role, Emini here. All he had to do was be stabbing. That was it. It's a good Emini here. Stabbings chilling in my mind. Chilling, Chilling, Playing, you know, lean Back. He letting it, letting The World, letting Oprah be Oprah. Yeah. It is what It is. You know? So yeah. Did on stabbing, when he heard The line, was there a conversation with you and him when he heard the line? Steadman doesn't, you know, He never said nothing about the Steadman line actually. Okay. Yeah. He never, he never said nothing about that. Yeah. I don't know what he thinks about the Steadman. Do he know Steadman? Right. Exactly. Probably don't even know, man.


Did You never hear the album? I did. What was his, his, That's what I wanna Know. What was, yeah. He was happy for me. He was like, I'm glad you you, you're transmuting Emini here. He didn't use those words transmuting, but he was like, I'm glad that you're telling your story and you are allowing yourself to be more open in your music in a way that you weren't before. You know, And I, again, I don't know that I would even know this part of myself without this experience. Experience having not happened. Even though it wasn't, it wasn't on script. Right. Sometimes going off script is better for the movie. Yeah. So, hey, I'm a ride to wave. Yeah. So are y'all cordial or are y'all Yes, Emini here we're in a, the relationship Like Now we are in a greater place, you know, co-parenting, putting our son first and that's what it's about. And so I'm very grateful I Emini here at the minute when it all went down, I was not sure how we were gonna move forward.


Yeah. And I really do in the album, take everybody through that journey of what am I gonna do now? Yeah. But now again, the great thing I've learned, my mom has always said, just keep living. You know, sometimes people are ready to step up in the ways they need to. So I'm happy for my son how We got more with Kiki Palmer when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Kiki Palmer. They always say like, there's the Mary album, there's the Keisha Cole album. There's certain albums that breakups push this project for writers and, and for yourself. Like, this is my, I want y'all to hear me now. Is this this album for you? I think so, for sure. I, I think it's, And I would've never been able to do without Taylor Parks.


I think she's, she's, oh, there she is right there. Very talented too, because we've been best friends since I was nine years old And I was thinking when I was approaching, 'cause my, my manager was like, okay, so what's the next album? I just dropped Big Boss, which was also a visual album. And he was like, so what's the next project? And I knew that I had something to say, but I was afraid of what that would be. And so when I decided to actually sit down and start working on a project, I was like, I, I, I Taylor needs to executive produce this whole thing because she's the only person I'm willing to really share my feelings with to get to what I wanna get to as an artist. You know, you, you have to grow and evolve at a, as a person for your music, for anything that you do to be true. And I didn't wanna step into the studio and do anything that wasn't gonna be true to where I am today.


I did not wanna be on the surface with it. To me, that would've just killed me. Yeah, but there's something you had to take out that was a little too far. We gonna bring you up in a second tail. I wanna know that if there's something that a little too far, you'd be like, nah, you're not putting that in there. Or Nah, this is going a little too far. And now I ain't talking about his mama like that. Like, was there something like that Emini here? All of it was probably something I would've been thinking. Oh, no, no, no. But the way that it came together in the studio and the love and the safe space that it was, I was, I really was like, okay, Taylor, let's, let's go. You know, when we, when she was say when we, we had conversations and she was like, we need to say that. And I'm like, no, no, no. And she's like, we need to say that. And so I was like, okay, I'm gonna hold your hand the whole way through it.


Let's say that Emini here, especially in off script, script Emini here you let me get me pregnant. Oh shit. Yeah. That remember when we that I was like, Taylor? No, no. Can we, Can we bring tail up to the mic? That was crazy. We gotta take your secret Pull up. Tell this mic. Oh My God. That's why I think it's really important. Like, would you agree that it's important that you have to have, you know, like some type of like relationship with your, your writer because this person, this is your real life. This ain't no game. Like, you know this. Yes, it is very, it's information that can't be told the wrong way. So you have to have a person to really, really nail your narrative. That's right. And I, here there's a reason why Jack Anton offense and Taylor Swift don't, don't, you know, separate apart.


Because at the end of the day, you need that person that just what you said can help tell your story within the tone of you. And these are such big themes of heartbreak. You know what people not say at the top of the album, you know, you just another baby mama. Yeah. Anybody that it didn't work out you. Those are the thoughts. Those are the things. Those are the feelings. But one thing that's true about Kiki is that there's also so much joy and humor. I'm the type of person that's gonna crack a joke in the middle of a crying session. Right? And so that's what I love about the music that we were making. Taylor knows that about me. And so there's humor to it. There's levity to when I'm saying some of these things where it's like, did she really just, you know, now we only argue about my way, my way. Wait a minute. You know where it, we have that moment where you feel like you hear Yes.


The pain, yes. The grief. Yes. The anger, but also the joy. Yeah. Now Taylor, I wanna tell you, before you walked in, there was like, her writer is coming. She picked up the paper Sip Taylor, she writes up Chris Brown. Oh my gosh. She knows everything. Chris Brown, anything. Chris Brown. You ask that. She would I That's right. Come on Girl. Girl. And I Just say anyway, is one of my favorite songs. Wow. Yes. Even though it, it's back, back in her. Come on. But listen, I love it. It is a different vibe. It's a whole like, you are very, very talented. So you work with a lot of great mike. Yeah. What? Mariah Carey, Ariana Grande, all those hits. What? Ariana Grande, all of that. Thank you. So It's been a good time. You good to meet you. Yeah. Doing this with, with the bestie, I was like, oh, this is gonna be a new thing.


What's The difference in working with HUD and working with all those other people? Mm. I think like my brand specifically, like as a just a writer is always like this, everything that I want to give to you as a creative is like, they're not gonna get this in the interview. And like that is the moment that they tune into the album. And I've been able to do that with so many other people. But with doing it with you, somebody who has been one of my oldest friends, it was like, okay, we're about to talk about something that was one of the, I don't know, the craziest time periods in your life. And it's gonna be really hard. And it's not easy for artists to open up to anybody you like. It's not easy to say now, okay, we got an hour, boom, boom, boom, spill your guts.


That's really hard to do. Right? And, and also when you're still processing it. And, and we were able to do that like throughout this, This whole thing, I'll never forget the conversation we had the first day. First of all, we did off script and misunderstood in the same day. And Te was like, so what's going on? And I said, you tell me what's going on. She's said, you tell me what's going on because we need to talk about it. Where are you now? And I'm like, well, I don't know. And so then I start talking and we have a long Emini here. The conversation went from inside to outside. We were smoking, we were sipping. And I started crying and I'm like, damn, I didn't know, know that I needed to get this out because I am that person because I'm always positive, like positivity, joking, humor.


It's who I am. But it's also a defense mechanism to process. Right? Wow. And so I spent so much time putting all of the, all the ugly stuff to the side about how I felt about this in my life that when we sat down and talked and she was making me look at it, I was like, wow, I really needed to get that out. Right. Right. And we could still do it in a way that, which is what makes that nobody else could sing these songs is because only you cope this way in this particular way. Like, I can't write these funny kind of jokey type of things for other artists because it's your personality that makes the song. Just so you and your experience and your way of dealing with the hard what, Why was this album healing to you?


And did you see outside healing as well? So what do you mean by outside healing therapy? Oh yes. So I've been in therapy since I was like 17, not consistently, but I started the therapy thing and, and like knowing that that was a normal thing to do at about age 17. So I love therapy. I was in therapy before, after, you know, whatever. Why the album was healing for me was because we talk about the inciting infinite incident of the Usher concert, but the inciting incidents of of love changed me and made me start seeing myself differently because it shows you who you are. The closer you get to people in relation, you start to see sides of yourself that you maybe have forgotten. Right? Yeah. So there was a level of fragmentation from just being growing up in the show business that I hadn't addressed either.


I got piles of in the corner, you know, that I hadn't dealt with. So all of it brought me back to,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that, let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot new sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy covering more rural markets than many large banks. And nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC.


Me. And that's why I think it was ultimately healing because it was just, it was healing that Kiki that used performance as a way to bring joy to her family that grew up in poverty. It was healing that girl that realized that The World doesn't really see me for who I am, but I'm gonna keep performing anyway till I can buy my way to my own stage and be able to tell my full story on my own time. That's who it healed it. It started the process of integrating not just Kiki Palmer, the persona, but Lauren Palmer, the dramaturg, the person who's been the awareness behind, you know, it's your and the gag, the real person. That's who it brought me back to being at the forefront of. I was gonna ask you, 'cause you talked about like things coming on, people seeing things.


I remember there was the images of you guys getting into the physical altercation and you got the restraining order. Yes. And that was so different than what we were used to having to talk about when it came to you and people were really upset, what was your first thought in your mind when those, the images came online and then the audios with your mom and his family going back and forth. Like what were, what was Kiki behind the, the gag is thinking, I hate that people had to see that. That's not what I want people to see. I wasn't even thinking about me Emini here 'cause I already knew what happened, you know? Yeah. It was, oh no, this isn't what the, this isn't what I want people to see. But then on the other hand, I was like, obviously I don't condone this and that's why I had to move. That's what I'm saying. I had to call the lawyers. I had to handle, I had to move the way I needed to move because that's not what I, what I, that's not cool to me.


But just the fact that people had to see it. I hated it for my fans, for the people that cared about me. I don't believe in stressing folks out and giving them drama and all that type of stuff. So for me it got out because I took it to the court and people give information. Some of those things as a public figure, you really can't control. Right. But always know I'm gonna handle it. All right. We got more with Kiki Palmer when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Kiki Palmer. Lauren, I wanna ask you about, well first of all there's skits on the album that there's different shows that you emulate. So you have Moisha, then it's Living single You, the A, Kiki and a b.


I thought that was cute as well too. When you play into in Living single, the next song is, I wanna know. Mm. That's The song I thought y gonna bring right now. So, So did Darius step outside? Like did he cheat on you because this song is about you finding out about another girl? Yeah. You know, a lot of people thought that I'm saying that he cheated. I'm actually saying this is what I was thinking when it was over. Oh, okay. Yeah, because, okay, so you're envisioning it's over, y'all are going through what y'all going through. Yeah. But you still have that love and you don't wanna see him with anybody else Sonos. Exactly. It's about the emotion you have when a relationship is done and you like, damn, I don't want nobody else there. You know, wait a minute. So what are y'all doing? Exactly. Exactly.


And that's a feeling and an emotion that I you, that's like some stuff you don't want nobody to ever know that you thinking about. And so when that, that that actually one song is done by Rico Love, when I first recorded that one, I was like, there's no way, you know, this is the cringes shit ever. But then also I was like, well that's why I gotta put it on there because it's how I felt. You know? And I know so many people have felt that way. It's over. But you just like, so are you kissing her to sing what's happening? And so yeah, that's, it's a real emotion. It's a real feeling. And it, and also it showcases just the confusion that that happens when you know you wanna move on from something, but the love is still right. Nah, That's real. Do you still feel that way though? Like if he brings somebody home, she better not look better than me.


She better Not me. Knock up that she sorry to that girl. Exactly. Now I also gotta ask, when you were going through that part, how many people were in your dms at the time? Oh my gosh. Everybody named Mama. Well everybody in their father, everybody, the fathers are there. Yeah. Fathers are there. Yeah. Yeah. Did It help you with your, and not that you need it, but like sometimes having that self worth like, damn my is popping here. You see all that? Like, did you have that feeling? No, because when it's that, when it's, when you feel that in the dumps kind of thing, especially after just having my son, I was just kind of like, I'm gonna go right into work.


You know what Emini here And I was trying to have fun and get up out there, do my thing and stuff. But it doesn't feel Emini here. And it probably was also the postpartum just my, I was just thinking about my son. You know, I was kind of just like, I gotta get, I gotta get, keep myself right. Mainly, you know, obviously why the living single thing is like, it really was me and my girls, they really held me up. They were the ones that were making sure we go out. We have a good time. Even if it's just us dinners, you know, sitting up in the house, me and my sister watching movies. We love ing movies all day. Like that was really what helped me, you know, what Emini here through that time the most. Gotcha. Now let's get into one of them days. Child. Good. How So? Are you gonna give us a cameo on one of them days too?


I, I sure will. Come on. I absolutely will. I love the first one. You in Scissor Man, y'all some clowns in the movie, but how was that shooting that shout out to Issa Raye? How? Shout out to Issa Ray. It was really hard actually because we shot it in 22 days. That's not you don't do you. That's not y'all. That was like crazy. Yeah. And so it was very tough in terms of like that, but it was so much fun working with ssa. I don't, me and her don't have no idea why we meshed like that. It was just like immediate. You seems like that girl though. She's very much that girl in the neighborhood that's just so cute and cool and you're like, girl, what's up with you? She always got something she done made on, you know what Emini here, it's like, who, where you get that from? Girl? I got it for Target. I sliced up in half and put it with something from fashion, you know?


Okay. And so she has such a lovable energy also, somebody explains why her music is the way it is. Vulnerability is her superpower. She'll sit there and be like, yeah. And she's like, but I'm good though. It's like, you are good though. So I loved being around that, you know, just to see that as a form of strength because I have vulnerabilities. Right. But Emini here, I think her, she takes it to a different level of her honesty. And I think obviously her music reflects that. That was So y'all weren't like super close or friends before that? Well I was a, I was always a fan. Yeah. I remember I danced to, what was it, broken clocks many years ago when control had come out and she dmd me and she was like, Hey, I love you.


You know, I've always been a fan of yours. I was like, BA I'm fan of yours. You like, we gotta link up at some point. But we just never did. And we would actually text randomly and be like, Hey boo, hey boy, I love it what you did. But we never really actually got time. The first time that we really met was at that chemi, at the first chemistry test for one of them days. And Emini here for her to have never acted before. It was just like, she was so ready. Yeah. And I think that's why it worked. When are we getting Kiki Palmer doing the Angela Bassett biopic? Where are we getting at playing? Well I just seen a thing where Angela Bassett was like, I would love Kiki to do my biopic. Boom. So I think we're closer than we think Guys. Okay. Come. I would love to see it To do that myself.


And I love who like Angela Bassett, she is the icon. Like I live for her And I love that. People want that for me. I really do want, I've been seeing it, I've Been saw it. I said, man, she more Angela. Angela and Angela. Alright. Said that on mine. Like, why does Kiki Palmer look more like Angela Bassett daughter than Angela Bassett daughter? And I'm like, y'all crazy On Here. One more before you get outta here. Oh yeah, The you Lawrence says one more. There's this YI about No Orleans. Don't ask I About nothing in court. It's Not in court. It's not in court. But I know it's Kiki Palmer. Yes. You make all of your creative decisions, right? Yes, yes. I love that for you. And I love the ownership that you have. Thank you. The people are still wondering why the Jonathan Majors episode did not happen. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. It was, you know, obviously Megan's my girl, I've grown up loving her.


She's honestly a mentor, you know, to me and representation for all, all of us young black women Emini here. I was happy for her to get married. I was excited to have the conversation. Yeah. And I think this is the thing too with me as a public figure and entertainer when I'm doing my host thing, I'm here to be un y'all know, I'm here to be unbiased. Everybody that's sitting your chair, you don't greet everything they did. You don't love everything. But you gotta you gotta have the conversation. Exactly. You have to set the stage for them to speak and for people to watch and take what they wanna take from it. So that's why I was open and excited to do the interview. Yeah. But I think ultimately with my partners, it was just decided based off of, I guess the reaction if people felt it was insensitive that maybe they, we shouldn't put it out Emini here. It's, it's always there. I imagine if, if people wanted to see it.


But I always wanna be respectful and understand where everybody's coming from. And you know, if they're not gonna feel like they're gonna receive anything good from the interview, then okay, cool. But, you know, I sat down with the brother for us to talk and let, let 'em be heard Emini here, people sit down with serial killers. I'm not comparing him to a serial killer. I'm saying if we could sit down with dahmer them. Exactly. Why can't I sit down with, do you know what Emini here? That's The headlines. Yeah. Palmer Compare. Jonathan made Serial Serial. Literally That's what they got. You know what, Emini here. So it's like, oh, oh. You know. Yeah. But at the end of the day, I just felt like as a journalist, I'm supposed to talk and we supposed to hear and let the public decide how they wanna feel, you know? But that didn't get a chance to happen. And you know, I, I wish them all the best. I really wanna say that because I don't ha I don't, I don't judge nobody.


'cause I don't wanna be judged. Right. No, I, you know, Hey, so at the end of the day, I'm happy for Megan. I'm happy for them. And you know, maybe one day we get a chance to put it out. I'm not sure. It's been amazing to see you navigate though. 'cause you do get it hard because you're Kiki Palmer and then you, you're trying to be in that neutral space. And I know it's tough being in girl. They be eating me up, But it's like y want Me to Ask it? Exactly. You know what? Emini here Can't Imagine what I'm saying. They want you, you know, I'm trying to what y'all want. What do you want from me That when they turn it into a beat, what more do you want for me? Me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Yo, we appreciate you for joining us. The album is out today.


Just Kiki. Kiki and which one? He up the album. What? What's, oh My gosh, you don't play off script. Let's turn him up this morning on script. Off script. We'll get into that. Now it's The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight, she gets from somebody that knows somebody. She gives the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. So Fat Joe is being sued currently for $20 million by a former hype man who claims that Fat Joe engaged in sexual acts with minors and coerced him as the hype man to engage in various sexual acts as well.


Oh God. How much money? $20 million. The Pay Me too movement strikes again. Crazy. Yeah. I don't even know why we doing this. This is the Pay me. This sounds crazy. We will get into why we are having this conversation. So, and and please your sentiments are, are felt because what Sentiment gotta do With this sentiments, I Want a little sentiment. Your Sentiments, Y'all is stupid. Y'all. Yes. Cinnamon. Gotta do this because there we have a audio clip of Reverend Al Sharpton. He spoke to Alia from TMZ. What the hell is Reverend Al gotta do With this? He also, he shares the same feelings that you guys share. Let me get through the report. Oh, I'm sorry. Dang. Cinnamon and Reverend Al. Okay, so yes. So he's, he's claiming that there was coercive labor exploitation, financial fraud, sexual sexual manipulation, violent intimidation, and psychological coercion.


He's also claiming that, or alleging that there were minor women involved when it comes to the sexual acts with Fat Joe. What Now, here is the thing that I didn't like about the reports. When this was reported, people reported this lawsuit and all these claims, but nobody reported the fact that Fat Jew, fat Jew Fat Joe Fat What? Fat damn Learn Fat Joe sued the hype man. Fat Joe. Lord, fat Joe sued the hype man himself over a month ago. And when he sued the He that Fat Joe sued the, i I do remember that story. Yes. Fat Joe sued the hype man a month ago. Okay. Yes. He su So the Hype man was doing interviews. Fat Joe sued for defamation. The character said it was all lies. And now I guess he's returning the lawsuit with this, right?


Yeah. So back in April, fat Joe sued his hype man and his attorney, his attorney is Tyrone Blackburn. After he alleged that they See, of course. See, there we go. That's usually my favorite question. Like why, why we doing this shit? Who was the lawyer? Like, like, like, like why? Like why? And then this is the whole thing. How, how is he suing for some other stuff that has nothing to do with him? Allegedly. Like, you know what Emini here, you, you the hype man, but you gonna say he he he was doing all this other stuff that has nothing to do with you that don't Sound crazy. And I didn't know Fat Joe had a hype man. He has had a heightman in a long term. I don't remember. I never remember this. No, not for, Yeah. Yes. So Fat Joe says in his original lawsuit that he actually received two letters demanding financial compensation before any lawsuit happened on his own before Fat Joe went and filed for defamation and all these things.


He received these two letters. One of the letters was asking for a $20 million payout. That letter was sent April 21st. There was that post online that you're talking about, about Envy. And then Fat Joe dropped his lawsuit. So I just thought that it was kind of unfair that people were quoting one thing and not talking about the other. But we talked about Rev Reverend Al Sharpton. Let's take a listen. What Reverend Al Sharpton had to say about black men being targeted. I I think that as long as we have seen this country, that blacks that have been prominent and now wealthy and prominent have been targeted. 'cause it's easy to go after them. I think we've got to be very balanced and say that we are not gonna believe every accusation given against somebody. But at the same time, we need to hold them accountable.


If there is evidence of them doing wrong, they should not use their wealth and celebrity in our community to justify some misbehavior. So I've not said some things about some cases because the evidence bothers me, but others are just, in my opinion, just scam artists trying to take advantage. So I think that right, the price you pay for being wealthy is you have to behave like somebody under the spotlight. He's right now, you, You, what did you say Envy when the audio went up? What'd I say? Nothing. So they, they were talking to him about different cases that are happening right now in different lawsuits. Say they were talking about the Tyler Perry lawsuit that we talked about.


They were talking about Diddy and that's where this conversation came in. So yeah, I I just think in these situations it's not some of these stories Oh, could start with black. He said Black man you was talking about Fat Joe. But now it makes sense that you said he was talking about Tyler Perry Did You said Fat Joe's not black. He's Puerto Rican. Yes, He's Latino. Well, speaking of, Well, it'd be not black either though. I am black. Oh wait, I have a gold audio clip, right? I can, I was so happy to get through this segment because Envy actually spoke out about his blackness on Juneteenth. Oh, let's take a listen to this. Nice. They asked Me on Juneteenth, you are here celebrating as a black person Because I'm black. I don't know where it is that people think I'm Dominican or they think I'm Puerto Rican, but I'm a hundred percent black. My Now protest is black. My father is black.


Now my dad's dad is from the island of Dominica, which is a Caribbean island. People think Dominican Republic asked you all that. Not at all. The Caribbean island. I let people laugh and joke and it's funny 'cause I actually DJ the Puerto Rican day parade last week. But so Did people ask you if you A Puerto Rican at the Prairie last week? Because I didn't. No, they just started speaking Spanish to me. And I know no Spanish not a lick. Probably just like C And I CI see. Which is so, So I do no crime with him. Spanish yo. No. Ever do crime with him. Just start telling on stuff. Ain't got nothing to do. Nothing. Ain't nobody ask him the origin, the background or nothing. He asked him about yo blackness and you start, that's it. You start defending why you not Dominican? It was crazy though. 'cause even her questions, she didn't think you was black. She said, you are here celebrating drinking as a black man.


She was so Confused. I'm black. I hate y'all man. The the title on the video on TM Z's website says, DJ Envy confirms he's black. That is ridiculous. And, and, and, and ridiculous just came out. 'cause I thought of this. They taught it because that, that is insane. You started this. Why are you spraying stuff? Because It's a black bottle. Nobody even asked you anything about that. I'm to sue You. Defamation of charact. Lord, that was silly. I'm about To sue you. Defamation of Character. That was silly. That was silly. But you know, I do hope though. I do hope that when more, when we talk about these cases, nobody ever talks about the fact that most of these cases always get dismissed, get Dropped and dismissed time, Never hear about 'em again. But everybody thinks it's some type of payday when the reality is these cases get dismissed because they BBS.


And I hope Joe fights it all the way. And I hope he doesn't settle out. 'cause sometimes it's easy to settle out because I want him to fight all the way. People gotta, they gotta go all the way to the, I don't Think he will. He been fighting it before it became a case. You know what, Emini here, Joey Crack and they did love you, brother. Yeah, The pay me too. Man. That has to stop. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Crazy man. Like that's, it's just a racket at this point. Like, that's literally what it is. And these people are not getting paid. Every case is not Diddy. Mm. Okay. It is wild. Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, Charlamagne, who we giving that down Q too, man. We need Ted Cruz to come to the front of, front of the congregation. We like to have a world with 'em, please. Yes. And then when we, and then when we come back, can we open up the phone lines and go to breakfast at Court? Oh please. I got a story for y'all. I got a story for y'all from cans that we need to discuss on this air this morning.


These people not gonna make me think I'm crazy. It involves a man with shit. Shout out. Don't say nothing. I don't want you to give nothing away. You talk too much. Let, let hush We'll tell the story after Donkey. Alright? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning,


You checking out The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LC licensed in 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Hashtag 33 Made it. This is a miracle.


There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a donkey. The latest on that police Killing of a black man. Now to new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him. And this is What he Did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always have been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white, The Breakfast Club bitch. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the Day? Well, donkey today for Friday, June 20th goes to Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. Now, you know, I was in Kansas all week, but I was still keeping up with current events.


And this back and forth right here tickled me because I love when the right calls out the right and the left calls out the left. That is how it should be in politics. Okay? The only party folks should want to be a part of is the party of truth and no bs. And it takes the red calling out the red and the blue calling out the blue in order for that to happen. Well, Tucker Carlson did just that because he had an interview with Ted Cruz and Ted Cruz came into the Tucker Carlson show demanding regime change in Iran. But he doesn't seem to know anything about Iran. When Tucker asked him about Iran's population and ethnic makeup, Ted knew nothing. Let's listen. How many people live around, by the way? I I don't know the population at all. No, I don't know the population. You don't know the population in the country.


You seek to topple How many people living around 92 million. Okay. Yeah. I I How could you not know that? I, I don't sit around memorizing population tables. Well, it's kind of relevant because you're calling for the overthrow of the government. Why is it relevant? Whether it's because it's 90 million or 80 million or a hundred million? Why is that relevant? Well, 'cause if you don't know anything about the country, I didn't say I don't know anything about that. Okay? What's the ethnic mix of Iran? They are Persians and percent predominantly Shia. Okay. It's not even, you don't know anything about Iran. So actually, okay, I'm not the, the Tucker Carlson expert on a ranch. You're a senator who's calling's. The government's the one don't know anything about the country. Listen, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I the strongest avenger.


But if you're calling for global intervention, maybe just maybe first learn how many people in which people you're talking about. Okay? Tucker Carlson was absolutely cor correct to call this out. All right? I want you left-leaning media personalities to take a page outta Tucker Carlson's, you know, book. All right? Now, there was a time when Tucker Carlson would ride conservative penis and tell the balls fall off. But at some point you have to pick up those balls that fell off and put them on yourself. It is okay for liberal media personalities to criticize liberal elected officials. We need it. Okay? And it's okay for right. Media personalities to criticize right. Elected officials, we need it. Okay? People need to be pushed on the nonsense and the BS that they are allowing to happen in this world.


Now I wanna play another part of this clip. Now, when it comes to Israel and the Iran conflict, the National Security Council says the US is not conducting strikes. American support is mostly defensive refueling jets supplying intel, helping intercept counterstrikes, not sending bombs into Iran. Well, pet crew says otherwise, let's listen. No, you don't know anything about the country. You're the one who claims they're not trying to murder Donald Trump. If you're the one who, no, I'm not saying that. Who can't figure out if it was a good idea to kill General Soleimani? And you said it was bad. You don't believe they're trying to murder Trump? Yes, I do. 'cause you're not calling for military strikes against him in retaliation. And if you really believe that, don't carrying out military strikes today. You said Israel was right with our help.


I'm said we, Israel is leading them, but we're supporting them. Well, this, you're breaking news here because the US government last night denied the National Security Council spokesman Alex Pfeiffer denied on behalf of Trump that we were acting on Israel's behalf in any offensive capacity. No, we're not bombing them. Israel's bombing them. You just said we were, I we are supporting Israel. It This is high stakes. You're a senator. If you're saying the United States government is a no, we're at the run right now. People are listening. I don't understand how Ted Cruz, Senator Ted Cruz can beat this Kali. Okay. Iran Supreme, Lita warned And I quote, any military involvement by the Americans would cause irreparable damage to them. Trump's press secretary Caroline Levitt, said Trump will make Iran decisions within the next two weeks given chance of negotiation.


She said there have been six rounds of direct and indirect negotiations with Iran. Well, what if Iran, his Ted Cruz saying we're bombing Iran? And he hears Tucker Carlson put him in a crippler cross face and they say f that we not waiting two weeks. Boom. Terrorist attacking America. I don't know, I just, you know, I just feel like certain con conversations shouldn't be happening on social media. Certain conversations shouldn't be happening on podcasts. Certain conversations shouldn't be happening on digital talk shows. You ever heard the phrase loose lips Think ships. That phrase was created for people like Ted Cruz. Do your Google ads chat GPT however you fact check nowadays. Look up the phrase loose lips sink ships.


It originated during World War II as a propaganda slogan specifically used on posters and other materials by the United States Office of War information. Okay? It was a warning to avoid careless talk. So you don't reveal sensitive information, even seemingly minor details. Okay? 'cause those seemingly minor details could be overheard by enemy spies and undermine, you know, your war effort. The phrase was created by the War Advertising Council. But I wouldn't expect Ted Cruz to know that because he doesn't seem to know much of anything. Ted, if you're gonna talk tough and claim military action, at least know a little something about the country you want to topple and at least know what country's bombs you're talking about. When you're talking about who's dropping said bombs.


Please give Ted Cruz the biggest. He haw Jesus Christ. That's crazy. That was a very dangerous thing that he said, Barry. Very. Now let's go to Breakfast Club Court. I wanna talk about something else real quick. Oh, so, so what happened to you with cans, sir? Well, listen, I'm gonna tell y'all something, man. This is why I don't like to go out. Okay. First of all, I had a great time in cans. It was a works trip. It wasn't, it wasn't a business trip, you know, I was out there representing Black Effect and iHeart Media. But every year our guy D Nice drop on a cruises bombs for D Nice. He does club quarantine and camps, you know, and it's a vibe. I've been like three times. My wife loves going, Dolly Bishop, the president of the Black Effect podcast network loves going. So we was out and it was my girl Debbie Devs born day.


She turned 40 drop Oh nice. Dropping from Debbie Dev. So we was outside. Now salute to my guy Juan. Juan Woodbury Juan. You know, he, he takes us in, he puts us in our section. We all good. As we know, nothing is free in the club. Okay? You have to buy drinks. So I'll order, my heart is just palate, even thinking about it. I'll order three bottles of Dom Peron Rose. Oh wow. That's expensive In France. Needless to say. Oh wow. Don't you spent a grip. Don't nobody ask me for any money for the rest of the something he was balling. It's over. All right. I don't Got it. Okay. Buying, looking into the club is one of the biggest waste of money ever as hell. Absolutely. I do not recommend.


Okay, baller. I'm not, I'm not even gonna tell you how much the bottles cost, but it, it was a grip and it was in Euros on the goddamn menu. So I was really confused. Okay, But you did it.


But hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey Fab. If you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot new super. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company. Wells Fargo Bank, NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Now there's a brother named Blakely Thornton. Okay, I don't know Blakely, I know him now, but I didn't know him then. Tall brother, bald head. He comes into the section. Somebody introduces us briefly. I shake his hand. Keep it moving. Mind you, I don't know him. Okay? Never met him. Don't know who he is. Don't know he's with who he's with, but he's in our section. Whatever. I'm not tripping. Waiter comes over, you know, he, he's, he's pouring drinks for, for, for my team. I see Blakely is waiting to receive a drink too. Waiter looks at me to basically say if he's good. Yeah, he's good. Pouring a drink. Cool. No harm. No. Now this is not like Charlemagne. Usually Charlemagne security would a escort anybody out that Charlemagne doesn't know Go. Now later I'm sitting there bottle's in front of me.


The brother Blakely was sitting a little further down. He reaches into the bucket of champagne, takes the champagne bottle, pours himself a drink. Hmm. Another Wait, wait. He gonna pour his own, put Himself, pours himself a drink. Yo bottle, I Don't know. On Peron Rose. Exactly. So I lean over, I say, yo, you know you're drinking my liquor, bro. He kind of nods his head. Doesn't seem to pay me much attention. Cool. Nothing left to see here. Nothing left to talk about until I get tagged in a video. Hmm. From Blakely Thornton on Instagram yesterday. I want y'all to hear what Blakely Thornton said in regards to this experience. Dude play, play it, play it. RI have repeatedly been told would be the place to meet melanin friends. Upon entry, I'm escorted to a section with JB Smooth and Charlamagne the God I immediately get to barbershop five.


The way I used to describe what my black and queer identities are at Odd woman immediately ask, are you with Charlamagne? As if the thigh high YSL boost don't imply that I am also talented. Then when I pour myself some champagne, Charlemagne says, you know, you drinking my liquor dog. Look, maybe Charlemagne's particular order was Dom Perignon Rose champagne in the south of France. And perhaps he paid, but after 39 years in this body, I can feel when I'm getting 50 shades of homophobia. So I stood up and took my happy ass home. Ooh, 50 shades. 50 shades of Homo. Wow. So, because I said something to a man, I don't know nothing about helping himself through those overpriced bottles I paid for. Hmm. I'm 50 shades of homophobic.


Mm. Somebody gotta make this make sense for me. Ain't I let you sit in my section? Didn't even know who you was. And I usually don't even Do that. Why did he turn that into this? I just, I just simply didn't know the brother. That's it. I didn't know the brother Blakely. I, I just didn't know him. And if you, if you listen more in the video, he brings up, you know, wheezy flu to wheezy from decision to decisions. Hey Weezy and Nina Parker. He says that those are his people. Neither one of them said that to me. 'cause we were all together. Neither one of them said that to me. Okay? Neither one of them said Charlemagne, he's with me. Neither one of them introduced us to even say this is why Guy, a friend of them would be a friend to me. Yeah. Six inch Chisel. No, he didn't have no damn heels on You talking about heels. I thought he said he had six inch something. No, No. He said he had on The, by the Way, none of that matters to this situation.


I was asking none of that matters to this situation. I just want to know, how does somebody, I don't know, being in my section drinking overpriced liquor that I paid for. How did that equate to me being home phone? Let's open up the phone lines. 800 something to him. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And Charlamagne's in the club. He's in his own section. I I don't want tion those bottles with $10,000 plus. No they not. I'm just saying, I'm just saying those three bottles with 10,000 plus, they were not, I know what it is in half of that. So God, $5,000 for three. Jesus, you wanna take your head and pour my liquor? And when I say no, how could I be so stupid? You gonna try to flip it on me? Mm. Let's talk about it. 805. 8 5 1 5 1. I stupid. Yeah, you are dumb.


Yeah, we should have took his ass to court. I can't even believe you did that. Y'all can't even, you gonna spend 5,000 as you Are. It was actually more than that because it was, I cannot believe you. I don't wanna say nothing. You didn't get in trouble with your wife. You Didn't. Oh she was so hot. What? Crazy. Which is why I was fleeing the box. Right? So hot sip. You get so, so hot Sip like she Was so hot. That's disgusting. It. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Black Effect loves the go. It was my girl Debbie Devs B-Day. So we all was outside and I'm in club quarantine. We're in our section And I paid too much money for some Don Perry on Rosa. It, it didn't make no sense for that. It cost that much money, but it it, it did.


Right? And so in our section, a guy comes over, his name is Blakely Thornton. I don't know, Blakely never met him before. You know, might have gave him a pound, you know, when he came into the, I gave him a pound when he came into the section. But at some point he reaches in our bucket, grabs a bottle of champagne, pulls himself a drink, put it back. So I go, yo bro, you know, you're drinking my liquor. He seems to not pay me no attention. Cool. But then he goes online the next Day He tag me in this video and makes this video once Back on the corset. I go to club quarantine. I have repeatedly been told will be the place to meet melanated friends. Upon entry, I'm escorted to a section with JB Smooth and Charlamagne the God I immediately get Barber Shop five.


The way I used to describe what my black and queer identities are at all. I immediately ask, are you with Charlamagne? As if the thigh high YSL boots don't imply that I am also talented. Then when I pour myself some champagne, Charlamagne says, you know, you drink in my liquor dog. Look, maybe Charlamagne's particular order was Dom Perignon Rose Champagne in the south of France. And perhaps he paid, but after 39 years from this body, I can feel when I'm getting 50 shades of homophobia. So I stood up and took my happy ass home, got to see my friends Wheezy and Nina Park had already been out, out day. 'cause baby Wendy Energy is funny. I remind myself I'm not here for this shit. I'm here to make money.


See, I'm upset with you because the Charlemagne I know is not gonna let just anybody in his section period. Guy, girl, whoever if you In You getting outta section, especially you. And, and the Charlamagne I know was never gonna spend that much money On bottles. Mm. No. I, and, and the Charlamagne, you know, still wouldn't spend that much money on bottles. And also he says in the video that somebody asked him, are you here with Charlamagne? So I I I don. So you don't know This guy? I don't know him. I'm just trying to figure out how does me saying something to you about you drinking this overpriced liquor that I paid for And I don't know you, how did that turn into me being homophobic? And you still leaving out the fact that you, this was his second drink. You already let him drink a glass of it. Yes. Already.


Yes. And then you proceed to go get another glass yourself. Yes. 'cause the waiter came around and the waiter, you know, the waiter comes around and pop the bottle is Pouring drinks. Yep. As did bring it up. And so he was like standing there waiting on the drink and the waiter looked at me like, you know, he kind of like looked point And I'm like, yeah, he good. You know. So he poured him a drink. Now the guy did say he knows wheezy from Decisions Decisions and he knows Nina Parker and Wei and Nina was with us. We all left from Debbie devs Borne De and went over to Club quarantine. So they with were with us, but neither one of them introduced me to him and was like, yo, this is my guy. They was like, yo, this is my guy. You know, a friend of them is a friend to me. Nobody did that. So there wasn't a proper introduction made. But even still, I just think proper etiquette in the club is if you didn't pay for these drinks and you ain't with these people, you shouldn't be touching their bottles.


Not At all period. Not at all. Especially when they cost that goddamn damn much money. Yeah. You, you stupid. I don't mean like what the bottle girls be pouring a shot. Bitch you gonna put in on This? He stupid. You work here, you stupid. See but you know what I don't like? And, and this is the thing that we always talk about. The reason he went that far and said Charlemagne is homophobic for not giving me some drink is because he knew it would go, it would go viral. I Hate that though. He knew it would go round. That's So bad. He knew would gold this, that he ever, but it's, it's a lot which is effed up because somebody might believe Him and that and that, that, that is a very dangerous label. 'cause I really don't know what his sexuality got to do with this situation. Yeah. Like your sexuality has nothing to do with this. Right. This is the fact that I paid for overpriced bottles in the club and this person, I don't know, is in my section drinking my liquor.


And yes, I said something to him. I said yes to you. I said, bro, you know you're drinking my liquor. Mm. It didn't even know he was gay until he made the video. It word Out. That's crazy. But let's go to the phone lines. We got Devin on the line. Devin, good morning. Devon. Devon. Devon. My Bad. Devon, what's up? What, what's your, what's your thoughts? Alright, Right now. I'm gonna tell you right now, homeboy, I'm glad Charlamagne called him out. 'cause don't take your broke ass into somebody's section and then call him out like about homophobic stuff. We're not doing all that, bro. I'm glad Sean May called him out. Oh Yeah. He, He, he's an internet personality and so being that he's making content with his experience, I'm gonna make content with mine.


Because you live in this world where everybody's got their own reality show going on and they treating everybody else like extras. Yep. Yep. So let's, let's, let's let you use your platform. I'm gonna use mine. I ain't mad at it. Hello? Who's this? Hey. Zay. Zay. What's up? Talk to us Zay. What's your opinion? Hey man. Hey, good morning to all y'all first of all, but hey Charlemagne, you shoulda have scruffed him up by the neck and took him out the section. Man. No, I'm not. He giving groupie energy. Nah, I wasn't Gonna do it. Can't treat no man like a groupie. But, but somebody, somebody did say to him, are you with Charlamagne Emini here? He said that in the video. So you know, if somebody said that to him, I don't know what what it is. He said, I also don't think he was broke because he said those was YSL thigh high boots. Them things gotta be a grip. Now he wasn't broke.


That was, it could have been a gift. Annie and cans could have been a G I don he Broke. Yeah, he definitely ain't broke. Hello? Who's this? This Leon. Leon, talk to us. What's your thoughts? What's Up man? So Charlemagne, let me tell you something. You, you were better than I am bro, because like that's how they do overseas. So me and my brother, every year we go overseas to watch the NFL games and we went to Munich last year. They lied us and told us like we had to pay like to get a, a full bottom minimum in the club. Mind you just me and my brother there, we get into the VIP section. It was literally the dude in the club with just one bottle. What was even worse is that somebody came And I bottle and came into our section.


They had no security. Just like you. The dude comes and takes our bottle of white champagne, our moat champagne jumps out the VIP section. We wouldn't had to run after him, No man To get out. Bottom him. He already had drunk it. Security did nothing at all. That's how it was overseas. So bro, like I would've been pissed. But you definitely in the right, that dude was definitely in the wrong. And it, what's even worse is that I made a Google review about the guy who stole our bottle and the people the club owned, hired a lawyer to try to get the review taken down. And I had to provide proof like two days ago that we had a conversation with the club owners and they did nothing about it.


So I'm out of like $400 and they tried to get my, and they tried to sue me. Hey man, I wish that it was just $400. I wish I, I really wish it was just $4. Hey, my wife just texted me something too. She said, you forgot to mention that no one else that came in this section that wasn't with us touch the bottles. Everybody else ordered their own drinks. And my wife was so smart because she was like, close your card out right now because people are coming into this section and they're just ordering stuff. 'cause maybe people just don't know. Maybe they thought that everything in there. Nah, that happens All the time. As soon as I order something at a club, I close the card out immediately. That's right because people will start saying, yo, let me get a shot. And what what do they do? They just put it on that tab and you look at the tab. I ain't order this. I ain't, nah, I close out immediately. I ain't even You want order, you better buy your own world. Right. So here, here, here go.


Everybody else in this section with proper section that a getting hit come his audacious ass. But he might be, he he might do that on a regular. Like that might be his thing. Yeah, but it can't be your thing when it ain't your section. You Right. And everybody and crazy. Everybody that did came to this section, it's like either I knew or I met for the first time, but they were introduced like I never met Lucky Day, but my mom, oh My god, that's my guy. Yeah. My homegirl Karen was like, yo, come, come here. Lucky day I don you meet. Shout me. So we we kicked it. Yeah. My man Miles Katten from center. Mm. Never met him before. Yes, but he was brought over, introduced what's up. Right. Everybody else I know like DJ Trauma was there. We know trauma. That's our guys. Steve Stout, JB Smith, we know all of these individuals. I just didn't know the brother Blakely. Yeah, that's all. Yeah, Blake. And, and and that's, that's it. Well you know him now.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Charlamagne was out in Cannes. He had a section and a gentleman came and and tried to take his liquor at and then when Charlamagne said, you know, you drinking my ish right? He said that Charlamagne was homophobic. Goes on Instagram and says I'm homophobic. Ain't even say it to your face. God dang it. He went home. That's crazy. Alright, We'll discuss more when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club if you're just joining us. Charlamagne has been outta town the last couple of days after the country actually he was in cans. Yeah, I was in cans all week, you Know, and you were at a club quarantine with D Nice. Yes. And I want everybody to know Ks was business first and foremost. That was a work trip. But my man D Nice does do club quarantine. He does it with group black I think. Yeah. Group Black does the party, you know, every year. So salute the group black. So we were in club quarantine, you know, cool over vibe. I've been there a few times in cans and I'm in my section. My brother comes over named Blakely And I'm not, I'm not trying to on Blakely at all. Like I'm not, I'm not doing this to disrespect Blakely. I'm just telling the story because he told his side of the story, right? Blakely is in our section, I don't know Blakely from a can of paint.


I got three bottles of Don Peron. Rose Blakely reaches his hand in the bucket, grabs a bottle, pulls and stuff, a drink. I say, yo, you know you drinking my liquor. He didn't say nothing, he just kind of like nodded his head and just kept looking straight. But then he goes on Instagram and makes this video Once back on the corset, I go to club quarantine I have repeatedly been told would be the place to meet melanated friends. Upon entry, I'm escorted to a section with JB Smooth and Charlamagne the god I immediately get to barbershop by the way I used to describe what my black and queer identities are at all. I'm gonna immediately ask, are you with Charlemagne? As if the thigh high YSL boost don't apply that I am also talented. Then when I pour myself some champagne, Charlamagne says, you know, you drinking my liquor dog. Look, maybe Charlemagne's particular order was Dom Perignon rose champagne in the south of France and perhaps he paid, but after 39 years in his body, I can feel when I'm getting 50 shades of homophobia.


So I stood up and took my happy ass home, got to see my friends Wheezy and Nina Park. I had already been out all day because baby, when the energy is funny, I remind myself I'm not here for this shit. I'm here to make money. So we're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. What's your thoughts? We got Jay on the line. Jay, good morning. Good Morning. Good morning. What's up Jay? What's good? I got going. Good, good, good. What's your thoughts? What's your opinion brother? Charlemagne? Look that that some messed up crap because first of all, you paid for that bottle and for somebody to go and say Oh that's homophobia or they don't wanna give me nothing.


Like, you know that, that's stuff. Yeah. And I know he is an internet personality, so he gotta create content, but damn bro, like, like why would you weaponize that? Why would you label me homophobic? Like your sexuality got nothing to do with this situation. And by the way, I wasn't even thinking about his sexuality in the club. That's he a tall brother, bald head, kind of diesel had on a black tank top some jeans, thigh, high YSL boots. I didn't assume nothing. Who don't dress like that today? Every Rap I'm saying every young rapper been dressing like that for at least the past eight, nine years Without high boost. Look, I'm on, I'm on my way to work right now And I swear if I had a customer, because I, I work at Amazon And I deliver all day. So if I had a customer just come up to me like, you know, if they, if I didn't have their package, like, you know, say if I did not have their package that day And I could not deliver it and they'd be like, oh well they didn't deliver from phobic.


That's, that's, that's, that's not, that's Crazy. It's crazy. And let's let go to some women. Man, I ain't hear from no women yet. No women on the line. Bunch of dudes on the line. Oh Jesus Christ. Hello. Who's this? Because women don't pay for bottles. Nope. Yes. Hello? Good brother. Oh, what's your thoughts? Yeah, how y'all, how y'all doing? Good on this is Sean Haw. How are you? Happy Pride. What's up Sean? Talk to us At I was saying Charlamagne you wrong for that. You know what the girls love do. Right? You know, we love What that gotta do with me. Buy your own dom then. Well you was offering I I'm pretty sure you told to come over there because everybody in the know what it means when somebody's telling to come over What happened.


Now you from, You from New Orleans, ain't you Sean? I'm from New Orleans. Yes. Hey baby, how You I paid the, the community because letters. So I just mixed them all together. I said So You feel like Charlemagne should have gave that guy the drink? No, no, no, no, no. That's the wrong question. Do you, so do you feel like Charlemagne is homophobic that made Charlemagne homophobic? I don't think so. I think he should have had a drink ready for him when he got turned rope. He did. But that's, that's the thing he did though. But no, that's the thing. Look, Sean, he he did, he did his rr ass had a drink before and then his RR ass reached over and got his own, got the second one.


I don't know you Sean And I gotta give you drink. Oh you know he phone he shouldn't have did. That's like Wete. You gotta file connect. That's the whole, it is this club etiquette. Like you don't know us, we don't know you. You don't just reach your hand in our bucket. Said Forgetting that detail gave him a drink at all. I don't know you why you're in my section saying Listen, I don't listen. Here's thing's, there's Nobody, I don't know Anybody intersection thank when the first time he got a drink was when the waiter was popping the bottle and he was pouring the drink. Yes. And he was kind of just standing there. I don't know if he asked for one but he was just kind of standing there waiting for one. Right. And so the waiter looked at me like, you know, is he good? Is he good? And I'm like, yeah cool. Sure. I don't even know if Blakely know that's why he got the first drink.


That crazy. That's what I'm saying. Don't leave that part out then. But It shouldn't be in my section because Blakely left that part out. Right. But I don't know you, I don, I don't know if you, I get it. You could be man, woman, you could be black, white You In my, I don't know you. Yeah. And to get out my section go That way and to label me homophobic is just as crazy 'cause a lot of gay people do that. That's not cool. I'm mad at you Charlamagne. That's crazy. That's crazy. Why do you let that man in your section? You don't even Know him. I didn't know. Listen, I, I wasn't tripping by the way, the way that they were doing it. They were bringing different people in different people's sections. I don't, I don't Like you said they were just introducing you to people. Yeah. You met people so you didn't know who was who, whatever, whatever. But when he popped the squash sat down and down that first glass. That's right. You know what I'm saying?


That's right. Alright, thank you. I appreciate it. Now you either floated up outta here or you said you look all right or you asked is it okay if I have another drink or whoever asked the person that you know that you claim that you was there with? You know what, Emini here. That's Right. And if I pay for these overpriced bottles, I don't care who it was. If I see you reach over, grab the bottle and put yourself a drink, I'm gonna say something to you. And I wasn't even disrespectful. I was just like, bro, you know you drinking my liquor. The Crazy part is Charlemagne's my guy. If I'm there, I was gonna ask yo Charmine if I get have a another glass. Yeah, I'm gonna ask. But this is my guy I'm gonna ask, would you gimme a drink? Few. You gotta think About it all Because look how much That cost. By the way, I would be mad if you asked me because we crew, we team like it's a difference. Like if you with my team, it's all good.


I just did not know you. So Blakely, that is the moral of the story. If you felt any funny energy in that section, it was simply because you were somebody that I did not know who grabbed this overpriced bottle of champagne that I paid for and poured yourself a drink. Simple as that. And then he said it was giving barbershop. It was nothing but women with me. Yeah. They like, it was like me, we these dude And then, and then if he gay, you know if it's giving barbershop that's right up your alley Up man. Emini here, He should be Happy. Oh right. His sexuality had nothing to do with this situation. It, it is just, it is just interesting that he would go online as an internet personality and choose to make that kind of content. Like said He push that narrative. Everybody is in their own reality show when we're all extras in their reality show.


He knew what he was doing. Not cool but, but Blakely salute to you. Maybe it'll be different next time. No it won't. Nah it Ain't next time. Emini here. I know him now Look, if y'all Had Hook could he'd probably try to Shut Up. Shut up. Now when we come back we got past the S But now listen, don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club in Morning. The Breakfast Club. Nyla. Yeah. DJ come spin that come spin. What's up Myla? What's up guys? Hey Girl. Nyla, I like it being three verses One.


I know, right? I just Wanna start with that. You like that? I do. Why? You wanna start with me? No, I'm not starting with you. I'm just saying the energy feels higher. I was gonna throw a shot but I ain't gonna throw a shot. Now what's up Up Nala. Thank you guys. Okay. Alright. We're gonna get straight into it. Sorry. Kenon Dixon and Nce Martin dropped a Cola project And I know I played like a song off their ep. Jess, I know you really liked it. Yes. And I played it a few weeks ago, but they just dropped their full project and my favorite one on there is called not like that. I love it. I like that. I really did. So I like the Teddy Riley audio tool. It guitar, I that guitar. Very classic. And I like the message like I need Jesus to return asap. You probably say y'all getting two ghetto, I'm gonna leave your ass right there. No please.


I'm a whole nother come right now. I Do want him to come back right now. I at least want Figure I'll buying a house first. What? You not gonna need the house you in heaven? I just Wanna figure some things out first. Okay. You gotta figure out the man situation first. Oh my God. Vy. I'm one. I'm sorry. Alright, next. Whoa. Yeah, I don't know. I anytime they do that I just ignore that. But next I got little Teca with oh oh, oh, sorry. Like pronounced. That's okay. You like it? Okay, okay, okay, Okay. I rock with Teca. Okay. All Right. Alright. I like the sample, the O. Oh yeah, it's fun. Yeah. Okay. Shout out to Teka. You know, a lot of people thought he would be a one hit wonder, but he actually has been getting better throughout the years, so Nice. Just went to school him on that. And then my last record is four bats in Wale with when I get home I like, I like Wale part Lucy, I'm home.


I like Wale Too. Whose son was in the beginning? I'm screaming. That's four Bats. Four bats. Four bat four. Oh, okay. Okay. It sound like like a kid, like This is why no matter what Wale do, York could never make me hate Wale. Even though some people have issues with certain things he does. He is so good at what he does. Music Wale gets busy man. Oh God. Yeah. That should be the conversation Always. And he wears his heart on his sleeve. That's just Wale. Yeah, always. Yeah. And I do too. So I feel him. I would be mad too. I Kai not that thing was crazy. How? You don't know how, What do you mean? How you don't know Wale? How you don't know? Wale The chat knew who Wale was. Ka didn't know's 20 what know Ka 23, 20 25. It wasn't just, He didn't, it was couple.


He didn't know mad people. But the thing is that what I like about Kai, he wanted to know. That's true. Yes. After a while. No, I have no beef with Kai. I like Kai. Yeah. I actually really enjoy it. Wale is that God this is nice. Yes, I do like this. Okay, I agree. Shout out to real quick, shout out to Third Music who won the beat battle that we did on Friday. Hey, make sure you guys check him out on the, it's a certified vibe Instagram page. And then also make you guys tune into the certified playlist. It's available. And my Instagram, you can click the link in bio at nyla simonon. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. You got me listening to Kenon Dixon. Yes. Yes. Good. The vibe. I do like Kenny's, that guy Kenny got fool.


All right, well what you doing this weekend? What is this weekend? The 21st? That much. All right, the 20. Oh, you know what? No, I have nothing going on this weekend. I'm super excited after Juneteenth, I'm, you know, I need a break. Chilling. Okay. All right, well when we come back, we got the People's Choice mix you and we throw it back on the Friday. So let's get to it. It's, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's djj. Nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I wanna remind you today we announced my New York New Jersey car show. Of course, July 19th. We are in Hampton, Virginia. And August 16th we are in New Jersey. The Meadowlands is outdoor in indoor, so if you can't make it to Virginia, we are doing one in Jersey. You know I do two car shows a year, so I can't wait for you guys to get it.


Get your tickets now. It will sell out. It's gonna be a whole bunch of of cars. The BBS Boys is brought to you by Lincoln Tech and Monster Energy. So get your tickets Kids, five and under are free. All right. Also salute to Kiki Palmer for joining us today. Hey, her new album, just Kiki is out today and when we come back we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Now. Where you at this weekend, Jeff? I'm in Buffalo tonight and in and tomorrow as well at the Helium Comedy Club. Get your tickets if you have not yet guys. And then Virginia Beach. Next Friday and Saturday I will be at the Virginia Beach Funny Bone Comedy Club. So get your tickets for that as well. Jess Hilarious official.com or funny bone.com.


The Virginia Beach location. I can't wait to see y'all tonight though. New York. Yeah, I'm in Winnipeg, Canada tonight and in Albany tomorrow. You gotta go to Canada. Yeah. Crazy. That's actually, that's close to where I'm at. Buffalo. Aint Canada close To, I think it's on the other side. I'm all, I think I'm closer to the Detroit side, I believe. Okay. Winnipeg, it's not Toronto, it's Winnipeg. Dope, Dope, dope. All right, well Charlamagne, you got a positive note. I do. I want to tell everybody too, man, make sure you go out there and pre-order no holds barred. A dual manifesto of sexual exploration and power from Mandy B and Weezy WTF of Decisions. Decisions. It is in bookstores Tuesday. Okay. It is available everywhere you buy books this Tuesday, but you can still pre-order now. So the positive note is simply this. Being humble means recognizing that we are not on earth to see how important we can become, but to see how much difference we can make in the lives of others.


Have a great weekend Breakfast Club. Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member ft IC?


Show me how good it could get today, God, and show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer, and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeves. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer, hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast. From iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned no town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I Was calling about the murder of my husband, the murderer is still out there. Each week I investigate a new case. If there is a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeartPodcasts.