
American Public University. With service members like you can access high quality, affordable education built for your lifestyle. With online programs that fit around deployments, training, and unpredictable schedules, a PU makes it possible to earn your degree no matter where duty takes you. Their preferred military rate keeps tuition at just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's tuition. And with 24 7 mental health support, plus career coaching and other services, a PU is committed to your success during and after your service. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. That's ap.apus.edu/military Meetings.


Deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bolds premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Some people watch tv, but you live for it. You've got theories, memes, hot takes. Your Sundays are reserved for new episodes and your favorite on iHeartRadio. And you called that plot twist two seasons ago. So take that obsession to Xfinity's Instagram and TikTok feeds. It's the hub for if you know, you know buzz about your favorite movies and shows with celeb interviews and first looks. Finally, people that love TV as much as you do. Love it back. Give Xfinity a follow on Instagram and TikTok.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. Good morning, Jess. Hilarious. How are You? Why you cut me off? I was going to finish it. You Don't say good morning to yourself, Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, y'all. Charlamagne. God. Good morning, Charlamagne to God. Oh my gosh. Nevermind. How you doing Lauren? I'm doing great. Hang. She's here off five of y'all. Heavy is gone. Yeah. If he's playing golf, he's playing golf. No, He not. Shut up. He's on a book tour. Him and his Wife. Yes, they are. They are. How y'all feel this morning? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. How are, how are the ladies doing? How you doing, Jess? Oh, I feel Good.


I look good. I feel good. And I'm on a billboard in New York. Yes, you are Real crazy. John O'Brien had his operation Green Socks. Yes. Day yesterday. And he put us up on billboards. Jess Hilarious. Has a, she's up there. Yes, There's A few people up there yesterday. But yes, you were on a billboard in Times Square. Yes. Yes. What you mean a few people? The one I saw it was just me. Well, Emini here. Yeah, because it flashes so it was like, oh yeah. Yeah. So it was different people. Oh. But our Operation Green Stock is a nationwide initiative aimed at raising awareness and promoting financial literacy. If you know what John O'Brien does in Operation Hope, then you know how they, how they get down. Lauren, you finally putting some lotion on. Thank God, man.


Dropping a food wrong for lotion of all this is not Lauren. Be around here looking foggy. I'm glad Just Because you lotion 10 times a day. Yes, I do. I Had to ask somebody yesterday like, what's the cue? How do you Know? To more girl and it'd be five lotions, the five different Ones. And then yesterday she had the one shoulder out and it was just that one shoulder Ashe. And ain't nobody said nothing. You kept saying something all day. That is true. And look, even, even Curry Washington was like, oh, you got that little shoulder out Because she noticed it. She ain't say the girl was saying She now. That's what she wanted to do. She wanted to say something about it. Char, listen, I did a date night last night. Me and the wife went out. I went to go see Stranger Things on Broadway. Do y'all watch Stranger Things on Netflix? I used to watch it. I used to watch Stranger Things.


Man, that is the greatest stage play production I've ever seen in my life. I'm just talking about the production aspect of it. Right. They did things on that stage. I didn't think you could do. Really? Yes. Like, like falling out the sky in slow motion. Like Mm. Monsters coming from the ceiling. Like they, yeah. So Production was Amazing. Oh my God. The stage play production was incredible. Yeah. Drop the Includes bombs for us. Stranger Thing on Broadway. They only been doing it for two weeks. Yeah, I meant to see that. Yes. Yesterday was Rachel, Rachel Edwards Born Day. That's a good friend of mine. So we went to go see Stranger Things. So my wife and oldest daughter loves Stranger Things. But if you are ever in New York City, even if you not a fan of Broadway, even if you've never even seen the Stranger Things play, that is something that Emini here, the Stranger Things show, that is something to go watch.


Yeah. Yes. Okay. You cannot be a fan of Broadway. Like people don't like I love Broadway Emini Here. Yeah. Well it used to it it got, it got like really entertaining for the youth over the years. At first Broadway used to be really boring in my opinion. And then when I saw, when I got like to be a teenager And I saw Wicked for the first time, then I was like, oh, I like this. But I think I was just going to see the most boring things. 'cause we used to go to field trips, go on field trips, all time To see Broadway. Oh, what's the first thing you remember seeing? You know? No, it was like a little slave play. Something like Really? Yeah. My History. Lion King. See you see that? You hooked. I Never seen that. My Little cousin was in it at the time too. Yeah. I wanna go see something about some sleeves That Lauren gotta introduce us to.


All this family she got. 'cause you met my aunt yesterday. Now her little cousin in Lion King other day, it was her Si her sister dance for Sza. Everybody Shout out to Mariah Hillard. She does dance for ssa. She's on the G NX tour. And you met my aunt, my Aunt Phyllis, who got you the book and who wanted to see you again at the Black Podcast Festival. Yeah, it's her granddaughter. She was her manager at the time. Well, For everybody doing so good, why you so ashy? Anyway, Karen Washington, Karen Washington will be here joining us this morning. She's got a new movie out called Shadow Force. It's out on May 9th. And we'll be, we'll be talking to her next hour. But we got front page news next. It's The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's The World Most Dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy is out, but Lauren la is in and it's time for front page news.


What's up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey, how y'all feeling? Happy Thursday. Feeling Good, girl. Plus black and Holly favored. What's happening? Alright y'all, so first up on front page, president Trump says, historically black colleges and universities should not be worried about federal spending cuts. Y'all know I had to get into the HBCU news, right? So Trump called into a News Nation town hall event hosted by Chris Cuomo and moderated by a Bill O'Reilly and Stephen A. Smith last night when asked if HBCUs should be concerned about their funding, considering all of the funding and rollbacks that the Trump administration is doing, Trump said he took care of the HBCUs and black colleges and that he got them more money than they ever dreamt possible.


Let's take a listen to those comments. They were going outta business. They came to me about 50 people that headed up and they came to me the first year And I took care of 'em. I got them more money than they ever dreamt possible. And they're in great shape now, and they have long-term financing I got, and nobody did that. But Donald Trump. So under the Trump administration in his first term, he did sign a bipartisan bill in 2019. That permanently provides more than 250 million a year to the nation's. Historically, black colleges and universities. If you were to, I guess sum that up over the course of four years, but again, it was just 2019, if you were to sum that up over the course of four years, that would equate to one $1 billion under the Biden administration.


It was 1.3 billion in funding to HBCUs. Whereas under the Obama administration it was 4 billion towards HBCUs. Now last week, well, Well if if combined, combined there, there's actually more than 17 billion in federal investments from the Biden Harris administration. That's right. That's right. That's right. Over the, yes, that's, that's correct. And then of course, last week Trump signed an executive order that will ensure HBCUs get the maximum funding they're entitled to. Now, Trump said during the town hall that they have a long-term financing and that of course, nobody else did it, did it but him. Now, Lauren, you went to A-H-B-C-U Del Indeed. Shout out to the hornets.


So what do you think of all of what he's saying? I Don't know how much of what is true, but I just know whoever's in the presidential office should make sure that the funding is going. Because if it wasn't for federal funding, I would not have graduated from college at all. So it's very important. And that's all I know. Yeah. They need the money. A lot of it too. Absolutely. Emini here. It should be a ticket. Like it should be. If you don't fund HBCUs, we don't support you. Like it is a big ticket. You're not gonna get no pushback from me. You know, you see Donald Trump supporting HB CU, the only thing I would say is we want more. But you know, Emini here, who wouldn't? Yep. Period. Period. So Trump addressed recent polling on his approval rating as saying they were fake polls where Democrats were interviewed. Yeah. He said Democrat, more Democrats were interviewed than GOP members.


When asked about making a deal with China, Trump said there is a very good chance, but there will be, but it will be on the terms of the us. And of course he shrugged off concerns about the economy and concerns that his policies only benefit the wealthy. Trump said he knows what he's doing is perfectly and that his is perfect and essentially that his economic approach will be better for the middle class. So, Well, you can't, well you can't, you can't lie to people because people are gonna feel it in their pockets regardless. So, you know, you can get on television and you know, say that, but if people don't feel it in they pockets, they, they, they going, they gonna push back. And when people start right, you know, when people are losing jobs, when people can't afford to pay their bills or they can't afford to put food on their table, they will push back.


So you can, you can't lie to them about that 'cause they feel it. Right. And speaking of which, the numbers don't lie. So the new reports have the US economy heading into uncertain waters this summer. As you have been saying, Charlemagne, the gross domestic product or GDP, which some of the value of goods and services produced fell three point, fell 3% over last year. Growth had originally been predicted by economists, but outlooks were revised to negative thanks to the reaction of President Trump's global tariffs. A separate report from payroll processor. A DP showed job creation slow to 62,000 positions last month, about half of what economists were expecting. So it does appear that we are heading into a recession and things are getting tight.


So, and, and Trump said that, that this isn't his GDP, this is Biden's. GDP. You did say that, that that's, that's not true. Absolutely. Okay. You are talk About this quarterly. That's right. You are the president of the United States of America. The tariffs and other things you have implemented directly have impacted America's GDP. You gotta own that. You know what Emini here, you can't keep pointing the blame at other people. You are the person that is governing right now. This is you. Clock is CPG, you Know how your grandma be telling you, like, keep money in the mattress and keep gas in your car. What you supposed to do right now in, in preparation for the recession? Like what's the That's A good question. Start. I was a, I was, I was thinking about, you know, just, you know, stocking up on things that you would probably need. Okay. But the reality of the situation is you probably can't afford to stock up on things you actually need.


Like, if you know that there's gonna be a recession this summer, So you Say, Hey, you know what, let me stock up on, you know, let's Just say toothpaste. You might can't afford to, to buy three, four months of toothpaste just in case. So I don't know. I'm not an economist. You do know we on people can see you, right Lauren? Yeah. I'm just doing my makeup real quick. All right. She used To do this all the time. Yeah. To Emini here. I'm in the conversation. We're here. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Okay. Asking. Alright, asking. Alright child. That's your front page news for 6:00 AM Stick around at seven. We will talk about Vice President Kamala Harris. She had her first speech out since losing her bid to the White House. And You know what's crazy? You read about that Lauren? Because I don't even see his Crown Royal purse up here.


Remember you used to have like, keep money in it. I don't even see that no more. You Need something. You need something from Upda toothpaste. You want a little soda or something? Yes. We gotta stock up So little Pepsi, I got you right there. I want Want a little nap or something? I got you right here. Whatever you need. Okay. Oh, Okay. Just checking for it. Get it off your chest is next one. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you want to call up here and tell us why you're blessed, you can do it. If you wanna call up here and vent, you can do it. It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla man.


Dany, what up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Good morning. Who's this? Hey, good morning. My name is Mark from Florida. What part of Florida are you calling from? Mark? Sure. I I stay out there in Orlando, but I'm a truck driver. I'm out of Missouri right now. Oh man. What's going on with you? Get it off your chest, Man. I just wanted to call man, just first of all, good morning everybody. I don't know who's up there, but good morning cag, DJ and B Lauren and Jess. What's Up? Good. That's, that's who all up here? My chest. Oh, okay. That's what's up. That's what's up. Yes. But yeah, I just wanted shout out man.


It's a, it's a bestseller author man. He don't wrote three books. It's my guy Jez Israel. You can find him on YouTube at Jez and Best. And I just wanna shout him out man, because he's doing great things for our people as far as just teaching us how to plant and teaching us how to grow food for ourselves. Because Second Bug just came out not too long ago and it's called The more we Grow, the more we'll see that everything we need is free. So I just want to shout 'em out man. So everybody have a blessed day, man. Hey, very, very important skill to have because you know, if, if everything comes to a halt this summer and them shelves is empty, people definitely gonna know how to grow some food. Are you worried about it being that you in the trucking industry?


'cause they saying that by mid to late May, you know, the trucking, trucking demand gonna come to a halt. Yeah. Yeah man. And I listen to y'all all the time on the podcast. I heard you say that a couple episodes back and not to worry about it, man, you know, I have faith in the mo side in terms of providing for me, but it's definitely something that I, I know will affect the industry I'm in. So, you know, it's just about just trying to find other ways to, you know, get to the money and you know, keep myself afloat. There you go. But Other than that, you know, I hope everybody just, you know, have that same idea and in that same way of thinking. But There you go. All, all praises do to God. My brother have a great day.


Yeah, Sure. Y'all do the same. All praises to the most. Yes sir. Good morning. Who's this? Oh This is Drea. Hey Charlamagne and Jazz. Lauren DJ Indy Dre, What's happening? Hey, I wanna get off my chest. I wanna invite you guys to Northeast State Homecoming. This is gonna be Michael Vick's first year of coaching. Oh nice. You said Norfolk State? Yeah. Michael Vick. Yeah, I'm going to the Norfolk State. Dell State game. Okay. Did you wanna go to the Homecoming? Yeah, She the nigga. I ain't asking. Come to Homecoming. I might have an announcement soon for Norfolk State Homecoming. I was there last year too. Alright. Yes, Charlemagne. And I want y'all to come. This is his first year, so I'm trying to get everybody out to support man.


I'm Trying to get them to come to the Dell State Norfolk game girl. Wait a minute. Damn. So when is this game you talking about? What is the homecoming game you talking about? It's October 26th. October 26th. Let we make sure that ain't South Carolina State University homecoming. 'cause I promise even if It's Charlamagne, I need you to make both. I can't lie and promise everybody, you know I didn't lie to hurt them. Damn. She said I right And no, she Said I need you to make both. I can't lie on the same date. You know what Emini here and they know I'm lying. No, I'm coming. I am going to one of 'em. Probably South Carolina State though. You, I feel like you already told me you was gonna come to Norfolk Dale State. I ain't seen that was Nv n Jackson. Remember you did too because you said no I'm coming.


Yeah. Hell yeah. I said I'm coming. Okay, well shout out to Norfolk State and I'm glad, I hope Mike Big has a great season, you know, And I hope y'all have an amazing homecoming. Thank you. That sound like you ain't going but I got you. Thank you. But you want me to line like Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. For sure, for sure. Let me know. Tell me, you already told me. You told me when it date. Okay. Get it off your chest. +1 800-585-1051. Call us right now. It's The World Most Dangerous Morning show. The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Is it your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed.


Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just Me, I'm with the coach of Feeling Good morning. Who's this? Good morning. Good morning Breakfast Club. This is Uber Mike. How y'all doing Uber Mike, what's up King? What's up? What? What's going on? Hey Charlemagne, you always promoting your Black Effect podcast? Yes sir. Black Effect Podcast Network. Yes. How? How, how can, how can, 'cause I have one for two years on Spotify. How do I like unite with you? Talking about ride sharing and how to navigate like safety situations for, for drivers. Damn, you should have been to the Black Effect Podcast Festival. You could have pitched your podcast at the Nissan Activation Man. They had a picture podcast.


I'll Be there next year, I promise. Okay. Yeah. Next year for sure. Okay. Yeah. But I just wanna help drivers navigate 'cause a lot of drivers can get killed and how to navigate, you know, this is my seventh year with over 25,000 trips. So Damn nice. I just want to, you know, like give, give some options and stuff for drivers how to move, how to navigate. That's good information man. Hit up black effects. Dm, we got to go on Instagram at Black Effect. Hit up. Hit up that dm. Okay, I'll do that. All right brother. Good morning. Who's this? Good Morning. This is lc Lc. LT as in Tango. Oh, hey Lt. Hey Tango. Tango. What up Tango. You be having to say that a lot because you was ready. I do. I really do. So first, good morning Jess.


Hilarious Lauren Issa and of course Charlamagne. I wanted to call in because this past weekend I did the meet and greet with you Charlemagne at your podcast ly in Atlanta. And I gave you my script. A Rosen Harlem. I got it. I don if You remember. Yes. What you mean? I got it. You got it. Yes. I got a Rosen Harlem. Absolutely. And you told me that you see a bitch Tiana Taylor in it. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. So you do remember, okay. Absolutely. So I was just following up with that. Just wanted to make sure, you know, you still had that. I haven't remember I told you I didn't want you to skin it black me. No, no. I haven't gotten a chance to read it yet, but I, but I, but I, but I have it actually, my, my, my good sister Dolly took it with her.


So I'm gonna get it from her this weekend actually. But I look forward to reading it because Thank you. I think for that opportunity as well, I had actually emailed Karen. 'cause I wanted to see about like the process. If you like, take meetings or lunches or anything like that. I, I I promise you I'll find you. I, I, if I like it, I'll find you. Okay, well thank you guys. I guys have a good day. Why you holding your eyes, Jess? Because you know You was not about to see Dolly this weekend. You just saw her last night. You lying. Y'all ain't gonna live in the same state. Don't do that. I'm gonna get her From her this weekend. Lying. She gonna mail it. Oh, okay. Good morning. Now she gonna mail it. She didn't even know she was supposed mail. Today is Thursday.


Good morning. Who's Morning? Yes. How are you? Who is this? I'm good. This is Nikki from Neptune, New Jersey. Peace Mickey. Hey Nikki. Peace. Peace. I wanna say good morning to Jess and Lauren. Good morning. Good to you Charla. Thank you. I love you. We Love you too. Aw, I wanted To, I wanted to get off my chest. I seen an orange man on TV last night. He came across my screen and the way he was sitting there lying, talking about everything is on Biden. Nah, he can't. He he got a hold this one. He is the president of the United States of America. When Joe Biden left office, the GDP was actually pretty good. And you know, because of Yes, a lot of the things that Trump has implemented over the first a hundred days.


It is not anymore. So he gotta own that. He don't own nothing. He lie about everything. You know What? And didn't wanna overtalk everybody. You know what's interesting? You know, we can't act like any of these tariffs and stuff is a surprise. 'cause he said he was gonna do this and him and Elon Musk, they all said there was going to be a period of economic pain that everybody was gonna have to go through. I would rather them just keep saying that as opposed to, you know, now trying to put the blame on on Biden, that's weak. Exactly. And he need to bring that manhole from El Salvador and bring him hold to his family. He knew he was wrong. What he did, if they did that to his family, he'd be bending over backwards and stuttering over his words trying to get his family home.


I thought they was trying to bring him. They they not, He said he wasn't doing it. And if, Yeah, he told them. He said he told them he's not bringing that man home. He can make a phone call if he want to, but he's not. Of Course he can. All right, well you, you, you got it. You good? I got it. I Kevin, make sure you got it all out. That's all right. Right, right. Thank you. You guys have a great weekend. You Too. You too. Thank you for calling. All right. That's Get it off your chest. We do that every morning, man. Anytime you want to vent, you can call up here and do that. Anytime you wanna call up here and tell us why you blessed you can do that too. Every morning on The Breakfast Club. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up next we Do. So Misa Hylton, Mary j Blige, the $5 million lawsuit.


Oh Lord. They still going at it. Well I talked to Misa Yesterday. No, Misa still going at it. Mary don't give a damn do she? Mary's team has not responded to me. But I did talk to Misa Hylton yesterday and she, she watched the segment that we did and she wanted to clear up some things. Okay. So we gonna get into that first thing in the latest. All right, we'll talk about it when we come back. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God Jess. Hilarious Envy is out, but Lauren Laro is in and it is time for the latest for Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fan Off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some well she gets into details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit About everything And she be having the latest on the Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. Alright y'all. So I told y'all that we was gonna get some things straight. Yes. When it came to this Misa Hylton Mary j Blige $5 million lawsuit or bravado. All right, so I spoke to Misa Hylton and she wanted to make clear Charlamagne. You had asked some questions about why $5 million in, is Vato even making that? No, what I said was, that's what you said he ever, I said, has he ever made that for camera on when he was signed the camera on, did he ever make that for Khaled when he was signed with Khaled?


What? What made them project $5 million for Vato? Alright, Well before y'all get to that, I didn't wanna say anything yesterday 'cause everybody knew who this man was, but who is Vato? Because I thought y'all was mistaken. Vito's name Provato. Who? Vito. Vito is a singer. Don't play with him. Put some respect on it. But no, Vito is really a good singer. He be with Eric Bellinger and Harlem. He be going viral online. I know that Is all the time. I love Vito the singer. And he, yo he gonna tank RB Money album and all that. Okay. You would enjoy him. But when you Saydo Is a rapper from New York, You should have pulled up some of his old records. Because see, I didn't know that Margie Blige had artists And I didn't know me neither. That I never heard of Vado. I'll get you a Vato song Okay. That you could listen to. Actually he has one with Mary j Blige, which is we gonna talk about it.


Okay. Okay. So according to Misa Hill, and she says when you calculated numbers, Vato was writing for two Mary j Blige albums as well as two tours that he was promised that he was gonna go on with her that are now not happening allegedly. So Misa says Mary, Mary j Blige removed all of this allegedly. And the number, the $5 million is not for her from them in


to American Public University is the number one provider of education to our military and veterans in the country. They offer something truly unique special rates and grants for the entire family making education affordable, not just for those who serve, but also for their loved ones. If you have a military, a veteran family member and are looking for affordable high quality education, a PU is the place for you. Visit apu.aps.edu/military to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu/military.


Some people watch tv, but you live for it. You've got theories, memes, hot Takes Your Sundays are reserved for new episodes and your favorite podcasts on iHeartRadio. And you called that plot twist two seasons ago. So take that obsession to Xfinity's Instagram and TikTok feeds. It's the hub for if you know, you know buzz about your favorite movies and shows with celeb interviews and first looks. Finally, people that love TV as much as you do, love it back. Give Xfinity a follow on Instagram and TikTok.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms. Not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


Yoki up is is your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before from producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are You ready? Let's go, let's go, go, Go.


The painting album sales. And it's not because they were supporting her label, it's because he's a super creative writer, vocal producer and ghost writer. And the song for instance, that he has with me of lives, the still believe in the still believe in Love song went 10 weeks number one on the chart. So basically she's saying that like there were things happening like he was supposed to be on tour which would've equaled bookings. And he has like writings and different things that he's been doing and was doing that he can't do anymore because allegedly Mary J is like, no, because you didn't come over to this side. I appreciate all that information but it still don't answer my question. Did he ever make $5 million for Cameron Ron, did he ever make $5 million for Khaled? What made him think he could make $5 million? Now I do agree that if he is stuck in a contract that he shouldn't be in anymore and Mary is the reason for that, then Mary should let him out the contract that I agree with.


Yes. And and you know, Misa also wanted to make it clear that her and Mary j Blige and their friendship of over 30 years did not end or Fallout or wherever it is right now because of Vato. And she did not file this lawsuit just because she's upset that they're no longer friends. To Charlemagne's point, it was about the business and it was about the contract and it wasn't honored. And you know, if, if it was the other way around where he had a contract he was supposed to honor with Mary j Blige or whatever and he did not do that, they could have taken legal action as well. So you know that she just wanted to clear that up. They Say it's no permanent friends or enemies when it comes to business. Business. Yeah, but what if you were already friends? Yeah, it's easy to say that when people you're not really dealing with, but I know you actually friends with a person, is it?


Mm. Yeah, it definitely can mess up. It's difficult. Relationships is definitely difficult. Yeah. I prefer not to do business with friends. With friends. Yeah. Yeah. And if I do do it, I'd rather be like stand off. Like maybe I'm just like, I don't know something because it gets a little tricky. But she also wanted to clarify the timeline on when they fell out. She says that she said it's been a year that they have not spoken. And again she doesn't really know the exact reason why but there's a ton of different things that have happened within that year. She said Jess, she heard you say that you saw them at the strength of a woman constant in 2024 and she wanted to make it clear she alleges that during that time Mary j Blige wasn't even speaking to her because she released, you know, collaboration of her own.


What's wrong? Relax Jack. No, because No, because there's so much going on And I didn't realize that she would talk directly to me while all this is happening, but okay, people be listening. I, yeah, I think she just wants to clear things up because even though, you Know what Emini here, I didn't realize that they weren't speaking. They literally sat on a panel together. But you know what it it, we don't know what's happening. Right? That's just another example. If you don't know what people are really going through behind closed doors, because I swear like it seemed like everything was fine. Like they were in the same rooms, we were behind stage together and no Murray not supposed to be like, oh I don't like that bitch and you know me not supposed to be, I don't like, you know, it wasn't giving that energy and these are two women that know how to govern themselves with with or without drama, you know? Yeah. But I just, I'll tell you who don't give a damn about none of this.


Who? Mary James Bly. I know. Okay. If you do that video that you sent me yesterday with Mary on stage and Mary just like, man, sing the damn song so I can get up out here if you think Mary care about any of this, you are your damn crazy. I ain't got nothing from that side. I've been trying y'all Mary. So stupid. Her Middle name is Jane. No, I don't think, oh, I was about to say that's so perfect. What is Mary Nickname? Mary Jane Blige? Yes. Oh yeah. Let's see what that J stand for. I can't believe we don't know this yet. Yeah, I know. I never thought about it Or no, I never heard nobody ask that before. What is the J? Because you know how wheezy F he always, he changed the F for something different. Every song because I don Oh It does stand for Jane Murray. Jane Blige, I don. That's so perfect. I like that.


Yeah. Yeah. That is the update there. But yeah, the lawsuit is still ongoing but she didn't wanna clear up those few things. Hmm. Basically she says stop playing what you know, artists and creative Charlamagne. 'cause you don't know what's in their pockets. I know it's not but that's why I'm asking the question. But you know What, you Know what thing? That's Why I asked the V, the V Divid, did the guy say anything yet? Nodo, this is nothing personal. Vito's always been a cool solid individual. I'm just speaking. Sure he has. From a business perspective, when I'm thinking about the business, so I think about Cam, I think about Khaled. Did he ever make Cam $5 million? Did he ever make Khaled $5 million? So what would you know, make them feel like, what would their, why would they project that he could make them 5 million?


I'm just asking, that's why I'm asking. I'm asking questions. Well, do we have a song? We still ain't got nothing in this system because I wanna identify vitals. The Mary J Blige song that vitals on. Because I may have heard it. You know how you hear something you don't even know. You don't put the name to the face, you don't know the name. And this is why it sucks to be an artist because you've been mentioning bottle for the last three days, but not one goddamn record play. Yeah and then he not even the whole record. I know. Lemme see. Well we don't have nothing. What the dj? I'm just sitting here. That's your damn problem Right there. I didn't mean to do that. No because that stress me out. You want me to scratch scratch too? I'm just sitting Here. Come on, get with it. We got front page news coming up next with Morgan Woods. It's The Breakfast Club.


You are kicking out The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy is out with Lauren la is in and it's time for front page news with Morgan Woods Morgan, what's happening? Hey Girl. Hey y'all. Hey Did Back, Can I do two NBA playoff scores First Morgan? Okay, get to it. Last night the Rockets beat the Warriors 1 31 to one 16 and the Los Angeles Lakers Timberwolves in five. Okay. The Timberwolves beat the Los Angeles Lakers in five games yesterday. So LeBron James and Lucas sitting they ass at home. And I'm laughing my ass off because I don't know if this was real or not, but there was a picture of Ronnie James and he posted missing the beach and Anthony Edwards left a comment and said, I'm about to send you, I'm gonna send you and your daddy home there early.


Oh and he did Tim Wolves in five. Okay. Petty As hell. What we got Morgan. Alright Cha. So former vice president Kamala Harris is criticizing President Trump's tariff policies in her first major public remarks since leaving the White House. Now, Harris delivered a keynote address at a gala for Emerge America in San Francisco, California yesterday, where she said, people are describing the recent months as absolute chaos. She spoke about current leadership, the current administration, and said that the country belongs to we the people, not those in power. Let's take a listen to former Vice President Kamala Harris's comments at Emerge American, The American people deserve leaders who make their lives better and make our country stronger.


But sadly we have seen quite the opposite over these past few months. This country is ours. It doesn't belong to whoever is in the White House. It belongs to you. It belongs to us. It belongs to we the people. She, She she's, she's absolutely right. Absolutely right. But when the media doesn't care, they don't care. 'cause I, I wasn't home yesterday so I didn't see any cable news. But was that speech ad anywhere? I, I don't think, I don't believe it. I ain't see it on social media.


I ain't see it on cable news. That's why we used to her first speech since I was like, oh, When did that happen? That was not televised. No, I remember you telling us it was gonna happen, Morgan, But I ain't, it was not televised. Dang. But yeah, no, no it was not, it was not televised. But so yeah, you I did have to go looking for it. So what you're saying is that that's something that more people should have saw. More people should have heard. Is that what You media? Yeah, when the media don't care, they don't care. 'cause I did not see that speech nowhere and it sounded like it was a good speech. I'm gonna go watch it in full later. So yeah, the former vp, she did say that the tariffs that Trump has imposed are clearly inviting a recession referring to what she now calls the greatest manmade economic crisis in modern presidential history. Now, elsewhere or meanwhile on Capitol Hill, yesterday I was out there, democratic lawmakers gathered for remarks on the steps of the US Capitol for an event that marked Trump's 100 days of what they call chaos.


Now Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer spoke alongside house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries, Georgia Senator Raphael Warnock, Delaware, Senator Lisa Blunt, Rochester and others also spoke. Let's take a listen to Georgia Senator Raphael Warnock's comments. This is the worst first 100 days that this country is seen in a very, very long time. And so know that as we fight on the inside, we need you to fight on the outside. And we will prove once again that this is the United States of America. And at the end of the day, it's the people who have the last word. Yeah. So Delaware, Senator Lisa Blunt Rochester, who is only one of two black senators.


Okay, real quick, just, you know, plug that real quick in the Senate and the other one is here in Maryland. Hey. Hey Al. Also Brooks. So Lisa, Delaware, Senator Lisa Blunt Rochester said that the, she has a message for Republicans across the aisle. And here's what she had to say in her comments on the steps. When I first came in, the word was unprecedented. But now the words are uncertain, chaotic, confused, and corrupt. Yes. Those are the words. And so to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, I say on this 101st day, there is an adage, the truth shall set you free.


The truth shall shut you free. Yeah. So what do you guys think? One, the first 100 days, it seems like the country is still divided, more divided than ever. And is it more of the same as you're seeing from Dems or do you actually see that there is some, there is some galvanizing there, some fight there. What do you think Charlie may No, I I still don't see no galvanizing And I still don't see no fight. But the reality also is, man, you know, we, we, we, we don't have time for division. And the reason we don't have time for division right now is because this is America, regardless of who's in the White House. Everything that's happening, you know, everything that's happening in regards to this administration is going to impact all American people. When the shelves are empty. It don't matter if you Democrat or Republican, you know, when people are losing they jobs and the economy is bad, it don't matter if you Democrat or Republican, everybody is gonna suffer.


So, you know, y'all can sit there and keep, you know, pointing the finger and saying, oh, you Democrat, you Republican. But at the end of the day, if everybody broke, that's going, that's what's really gonna matter. You know, Who kind of just said that about the a hundred days Nelly? What'd Nelly say? He Just said he looking at the glasses half full. He trying to stay positive. He did Just say so. It's kind of, I don't even know why you brought Nelly into the conversation, Because I saw it this morning And I was like, oh, Salute to Nelly. But I have no idea Because people, He was on Fox, Nelly had news, Nelly was on Fox News, he Gave a comment to Fox News and he said he's looking at the glasses half full because that's the type of guy he is. And he's staying positive. Emini Here, Emini here, you really don't have No choice. With the inauguration, You really don't have no choice but to remain optimistic. But you still gotta deal with the reality of life.


You know what Emini here and the reality of life is, I don't care what your political party is when your economy's back period. Alright, well let me just get into my last story real quick. Elon Musk may be stepping away from the Trump administration. There's no official announcement that he made. But yesterday during the cabinet meeting, he did indicate that it was an honor to serve. He touted finding $160 billion of government waste and predicted more accomplishments for the White House moving forward. Also, keeping in mind that he is just a special government employee. So his days are numbered anyway. He was only allotted 130 days. Now, Trump told Musk, it's unfair that he's been treated the way that he has. And Musk responded, well, they do like to burn my cars, which is not great.


And that's a reference to the ongoing acts of vandalism involving Tesla vehicles. Of course, he has stayed to take quite a loss as being involved with this administration through Tesla. Not so much the used ones, but you know, the, the, the, this is not a good look For him. So if you did find all this money and waste, what they gonna do with the money? Remember, remember, remember when they was touting those $5,000 stimulus checks they was gonna give to people if they found more waste? What? So, so, so what's up? I believe that all of this is gonna go into the efforts of that supposed, well this is what they're saying. De at least this is what Dems are saying, is that these tax breaks and all this money that, you know, he, he's supposedly finding it's gonna be lying in the pockets of his billionaire buddies.


Or at least that's what the Dems are saying. Can I, I I wanna say something about the media again. Media has not been mentioning Elon Musk like that in recent weeks. Elon Musk, you know, hasn't even been seeking media like that. You haven't really seen them tweets. He was making all that noise with Doge earlier and then it started impacting his business. I was gonna say his, his pockets is probably hurting now. So that's that's right. Yeah, That's right. That's right. So now he done went ghost. Oh, he Thought he was exempt. That's right. Oh, you thought you was That's right. Oh, You thought I was feeling you. Okay, anyways, sorry. All right y'all, that's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com.


Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Now when we come back, the icon living, Carrie Washington will be joining us. She's got a new movie out called Shadow Force. It will be in theaters May 9th. And we're gonna talk to her next on the world's most dangerous Morning show. The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building, the Icon living. Carrie Washington here. How are you Kelly? I'm good. I'm happy to be here. Always good when I'm with you all. Yeah. What's your energy like this morning? I feel good. I feel centered. I feel grateful. Yeah. And curious, Did you have an intention this morning when you woke up? I didn't state an intention when I woke up this morning, but I woke up with a lot of gratitude.


Amazing. Yeah. Amazing. What's the gratitude for? You know, I feel like this is gonna sound so cliche, but I'm very aware lately, maybe I'm trying to cultivate more awareness lately that as much as things are challenging in The World, like I feel like the circumstances in The World are tough at the moment for a lot of people, but also two things can be true. There's so much of my life that is truly answered prayers. Ooh. Like I know when I wake up that the career I have, my marriage, my children, my health that like I am living, I'm walking in prayers answered. I love it. And this a time for Emini here.


It always, never a time, but I want people to return back to, to God in this moment. I really do. 'cause if you are a person of faith Yeah. Then you gotta believe everything truly does happen for our greater good. Right? Yeah. Or at least for some reason that we may not understand. I do believe that. I, I do, I think that I, I try to remember though also that that faith is not just about being like handing your power over. That for me, faith is about listening for God's will, which is also pointing me in the right direction toward action. Right? Like faith is not just about like sitting back and saying like other people will do or somebody else will provide. It's also about like, how, how can you use me today, Lord? Right? Like, how can I be of service today?


How can I show up? Because faith isn't just about being inactive, it's about like really stepping into your purpose, your calling, your responsibility. Action. Is that your word for this season since you're in shadow four? I do. You know, it's funny, I feel like the last time I was here may have been to talk about my memoir thicker than Water. It was, and when I was writing thicker Than Water, I was making this movie. And so there was like an awareness of a strength that was growing in my life. Like an emotional strength, A spiritual strength with my family. And I feel like the film allowed me to put that in my body, like in my cells to be like, what does fierceness really look like, feel like on me?


Yeah. Not that I know that Thinking about back to that conversation, I can, I've seen a movie so I can kind of see what you're talking about. Yeah. But did you ever think that you'll be taking on, 'cause this is your first action film. Yeah. You'd be taking on action in your career in a, in a role like this. So I Emini here. I'm, I'm just gonna be honest with you. I did an action film 20 years ago. I was Angelina Jolie's best friend and Mr. Mrs. Smith. And I got to like climb that mountain with Angelina and shoot some guns. And I was like, I love this. I loved it. Oh, so you loved doing it. But I never had a chance to remember do More. I remember that because you said it just now. Yeah, until I then I, like my career kind of took a different turn And I was doing drama and TV and movies and comedy, but I'd never had a chance to do action again.


And I really wanted to. So my production company, Simpson Street, when scandal ended, I was like, we need to find a great action film. Yeah. And when I read this one I was like, this is it. Because I feel like my favorite action films are the ones where, you know, why the explosions are happening, where you care about the characters, where there are real emotional stakes. And so I felt like to have an a big, this film is like a crazy big ass splashy action adventure. But at its heart it's about love, it's about family, it's about the sacrifices you make for the people that you love the most. It's about what it means to be a parent. And like, I think most parents know what it feels like to be like, I would go to the ends of the earth to protect this child. But if you are a trained mercenary, like my character and you kill people for a living, what does that look like to really do whatever it takes to protect your little black boy joy?


Yeah. What was the training like at this point in your career? Yeah, for this action film versus that first action film? I don't even remember the training for that one. And you know, maybe because I'm older or just, it was so new for me, but this was intense. It was great Emini here. There was a lot of just weightlifting and Pilates even just to get in shape to be able to learn the choreography. And then there was stunt training and weapons training. 'cause we're not just shooting guns, we're loading guns, we're cleaning guns. Where there was the fight choreography, Emini here it was hours and hours of training. Did You not to bust your gun before? No, I didn't. What Was the first time you learned how to shoot? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Wow, wow, wow, wow. Emini here. I had done a little bit, but I, I really, and on all different kinds of guns and I'm a really good shot. Did it make you want to own one? No, It didn't make me wanna own one, but it made me grateful that I could use it if I needed to.


Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. Was it ever challenging? What part of it was ever challenging? The shooting was not challenging, weirdly. It was weird like that. It came Emini here. I have one of our targets that I'm framing for my office that I got like a bullet in each eye like crazy. I'm, I don't know why I'm such a good shot, but I'm, I'm not complaining. I think the physical, like learning the martial arts, especially because a lot of my fights were with people much bigger than me. So to learn how to fight Omar c who plays my husband in the film, who's the actor, many of you may love him from Lupin or Luan if you're seeing it the French way. But he's so much taller than me. And so to figure out like what is my fight approach to be able to take him on was fun and Hard, I'm be honest with you.


Sounds very tiring. Like what was the recovery process like? A lot of ice packs. Icy hot. It, was it, because you're also on a press tour while You're doing all of this. Yes. But I loved it Emini here. It's, I'm, it was, it was useful to have a husband at the time, you know, my husband who was a former professional athlete to be able kind of help me through some of that. But I love that, I love challenging myself physically And I love working out, I love getting into the body of the character. So it was exhausting. But I also felt, I don't know, I was really proud that when my kids would get up on a Saturday morning, they would come downstairs and see mommy, like with the boxing gloves on kicking ass in the driveway with my trainer. Like there was something really exciting about that. Yeah. Does a role like this help you to express your shadow, shadow side more?


I think so. I definitely like, I've, I think my go-to personality, I'm much more of a lover than a fighter. I'm not a person who likes to argue. I'm not really combative. I'm not, I'm not avoidant, but I'm definitely not an aggressive person. So this did help me tap into a level of anger and aggression and courage more than anything. Ooh, courage. That's a, that's a strong word. Yeah. Why, why courage? Because I think when you put yourself in situations where you can get hurt, it requires you to face those fears. And you know, the, it's funny, I was talking to Omar because he's French, and our word courage comes from the French word girl, which means heart.


So it's really about like having a strong heart, a capacity to, to challenge your heart. That's interesting because I, I was thinking about something earlier. I was like, what, what do you think your characters have taught you? That no human being or real life ever could? Mm. Emini here. I'm lucky because every time I play a character, I get to learn her greatest lessons. So it's almost like reincarnation in this lifetime. Like I get to learn what she learns and then fold it into my life to move forward. A lot of times what characters remind me, they remind me to be grateful. You know, like for this film in Shadow Force, it's, it's really about what it takes to protect the people you love from the systems that want to cause you harm, which I think is very relevant right now.


Oh yeah. But this couple, they used to be part of this spy unit. You know, they were trained killers together. They broke the rules, they fell in love. I got pregnant. So now we have to go on the run to protect our kid from the very unit that we used to be a part of the shadow force unit. So it, for me, the film is about like, when there are systems that don't want you to have freedom and love and joy, what do you do to fight those systems? And I think that's a great lesson to be reminded of right now. It's a great question for all of us to be asking ourselves right now. You know, like, I too, as a mom wanna protect my black boy joy. Yeah. I want my son to hold onto his joy in the face of a world that may not be invested in his liberty and strength. And so that, for the film, the film was a great reminder.


Also, these two mercenaries, you know, they have to separate. I kind of back off from the family to try to protect them from afar. And Omar plays the dad. It's this beautiful, it's such a perfect date movie 'cause the action is beast. But Omar also plays, he's doing the primary parenting as the dad. And that image of a black father who's so like, locked in and present is so beautiful in a film. But part of what they learn is about partnership. Like, if you're lucky enough to have a partner in parenting, you are so much stronger when you lean into that partnership. And, and that partner could be your spouse, it could be your sister, it could be your mother, it could be your stepdad, it could be whoever is part of that village. But leaning into that partnership in parenting is also a gift.


So I think I walked away from the film feeling so grateful for my partner, for my kids, for our safety, for our willingness to fight for our joy no matter what's happening in The World. Hi. We got more with Kerry Washington when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's d EJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Ro is here as well. We're still kicking it with Kerry Washington. Lauren, the First scene that stood out to me where I was like, I think this is what I'm feeling. I'm feeling like she's fighting the fact that like, this is a good man. And he, he loves the, your son and you as much as you think he does. Just let him do it. Oh, you got it, girl. When y'all were at the gun range. Yeah. And I don't, don't give no damn more.


Okay. Y'all A little bit. Yeah. And y'all, y'all had the back and forth there. Yeah. And you left and his shot was perfect. Yeah. And I was like, man, it, it, it, it talked a lot about how men have to sacrifice in family and relationship versus how women have to do it and how we view it. Yes. And I was like, and how we come together. 'cause we really kind of twisted the gender norms in this film did where the woman is out there working, protecting from afar, trying to, you know, not just bring home the bacon, like bring home the dead bodies to protect this family. But he's, even though he's badass and strong, he's also like the more sensitive parent. Yes. He's like really present. And I was talking to my girlfriends, like, to me there is nothing sexier than watching a man be a good dad. It is just like so beautiful.


So I, I just love that we're kind of playing in those gender norms and asking people to challenge your idea of even what family looks like today. Did that cause any conversations for you at home with your family of like, okay, here are some things that, you know, I wanna, I don't know, let you do, let you, I I'm gonna, I'm gonna lean and allow you to do. 'cause that was like the biggest thing. It's like, yeah, I don't know that the film caused me to have those conversations in my marriage, but I think one of the reasons why the film really resonated for me is because I do really understand the value of the partnership that I'm in love there. And I really do have, you know, I love parenting with my husband. Mm. You know, I love our marriage And I love how we are a team with these kids.


And both are really important. Like to cultivate the time to just be a couple and then to cultivate the time to pour into the family too. All of that is just so important. So when I read the script, I was like, oh, this just feels so good to see black love portrayed in this way. Black power. Like they are so badass. But also to see black love sort of explored in this way. You play so many different roles. Yeah. Like when you go home, how do you remain rooted in who Carrie Washington is? Yeah. I have rituals that I do at the end of the day. Like, a lot of times, you know, a lot of times I'll play a character, for example, who's married to somebody else. Right. And so for me, when I take off my wedding ring and put it back on at the beginning of the end of the day, that's a small ritual that grounds me in who I am because it's such a big part of who I am and how I walk in The World.


And I just, I have like, ways that I close out the day. 'cause in the beginning of my career I used to try to live in these characters all day long. But when you get married and have kids, you're like, I don't need to go home and be sharing my shadow self with people that don't deserve that or need that. That's right. So I try to really create containers. You know, some of that has to do with the hair and the makeup. When I take off the costume, I just try to leave what needs to be left there. It's not always perfect. There's, you know, I'm a person who thinks a lot about the work, even when I'm not at work. But I do try to make sure that I'm as present as I can be with my family. 'cause they deserve that. Yeah. Have you ever bought it home and called you your man the wrong name? No. Called him the character's name? No. Has he ever called you the character's name?


No. Oh yes. Olivia, like, no. No. Okay. No, no, no. I feel like I gotta say congratulations to you too, because the six triple eight Oh yeah. Received the congressional medal Oh yes. Yesterday of honor. Right. I feel, I feel like the Netflix series Salute and Nicole Avon and, and Tyler Perry. I feel like that amplified that story. That was our goal. You know, when, when Tyler and Nicole came to me with that project, it was so clear to us that this story needed to be told because these women needed to be celebrated. And that the most important thing was that we made a movie that really resonated with people so that no one would ever forget these women existed. And what they did, the sacrifices they made for this country and the courage they had to do what they did.


So the fact that it, like broke records, it was Tyler's biggest film ever on Netflix that 50 million people watched it in the first few months. Like it was just an insane success for the platform. And I'm really proud of that because what that says to me is that at a time when our history is so under attack, that that is a story that cannot be taken away from us. And that we understand our role to do good and to make The World a better place. And that, that it, that has been a part of the history of this country forever. How did that feel psychologically to see like this same administration that's taken so much from us to also reward the six Triple eight? I don't know if it was this administration that made that decision or if it happened prior to, because I Just saw the Speaker of the house, Mike.


Yeah. But I would Just say whoever gives them their flowers, they deserve their flowers. Absolutely. It doesn't make me say that the other decisions they're making are okay. Right. Like, they don't get a pass because they've done this one thing. These women deserve to be honored and celebrated despite whoever is in power at any time. Yeah. And then the, the NAACP image award moment. But thank you to Tyler Perry. Congratulations. Outstanding actress in a motion picture for Thank You. Six. And then we also won Best Picture, which was so, I'm so proud as an executive producer of that film. Yeah. The movie was perfectly casted too. Oh my God. Thank you. Oh, y'all like thank you Killed All the Kids, y'all That up, All those girls. It was, I as a producer, I was really proud to be introducing all of that young talent, all those incredible young black actresses to The World.


They were so amazing. And in Shadow Force too. Emini here, Jaleel as a producer, when I au when we audition Omar And I audition Jaleel, who plays our son in the film, Emini here. He likes, steals the movie. He's so adorable and lovable. Yeah. And he has to be right. 'cause every explosion, every kick, every punch is for him. So you have to fall in love with him. And he's so good. And then Method Man's in the film, divine Joy. We were lucky we got her before her fancy Oscar. But the cast is incredible. It's stacked K down. I love that Ccro down in it acro down Ccro down's. Great. I wanted to ask you, when the NAACP image award moment happened, where you think Tyler Perry again, and then he posted online talking about how that brought him to tears. Yeah. Y'all talked after, I'm sure.


Yeah, we did. Was it an emotional conversation? It was because again, like we don't, you know, we had just made this film to give flowers to 852 women in heaven and three who were still with us to honor their sacrifice and their service. And he was like, I'm so grateful that you take that. You took the time to give me my flowers now. Right. We can't wait for people to go to say how great they are. We need to let people know in the real, And I didn't, I just didn't know that I had thanked him twice. What Was going through your mind? Because I blacked out. Oh. I really, really, really did not think I was gonna win. Like I told Nabi to stay home. Like, you don't gotta come to this baby. Like I knew, I knew that Cynthia Riva was winning that award.


You, she was nominated for an Oscar. I'm such a crazy wicked fan. Like I, I voted for Cynthia, so it was amazing. I I really was shocked like, like Beyonce album of the year. Shocked. Like, just couldn't believe that that had happened. Yeah. And then when I got up on stage, I blacked out. So I didn't remember having said him and the idea when I was walking off stage that I may not have said his name was so devastating to me. I just blew up the whole show. Yeah. I love that though. I love that level of gratitude. You know what Emini here, because I feel like a lot of people don't do that. Why was that so important for you to do in that moment? Like, I have to make sure I I think That, I think because Tyler's been such a support for me throughout my career, like at a time earlier in my career where I was like, I'm done acting. I don't think I wanna do this anymore.


He called me to be in for Color Girls beautiful film. And I got to work with so many of my heroes, Whoopi Goldberg and Felicia.


Balancing work, family, and education isn't easy, but American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules. A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that fits their lives. And affordability matters too. A PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank. Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu.


Some people watch tv, but you live for it. You've got theories, memes, hot Takes Your Sundays are reserved for new episodes and your favorite podcasts on iHeartRadio. And you called that plot twist two seasons ago. So take that obsession to Xfinity's Instagram and TikTok feeds. It's the hub for if you know, you know buzz about your favorite movies and shows with celeb interviews and first looks. Finally, people that love TV as much as you do, love it back. Give Xfinity a follow on Instagram and TikTok.


You know that feeling when you're about to score 30% off, but they want your number. Ugh. Give them your line two number instead. It's a second line on your phone. Perfect for nabbing promo codes without inviting spam to your party. Sign up for every discount under the sun, then be block the junk text that follow you, get all the perks, but none of the spammy baggage, more codes, less chaos. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store and get your shopping sidekick today. Because the only thing blowing up your phone should be good deals.


Yo, keep up. This is your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something. Epic, epic, epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop a next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's A movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go.


She Rashad and Loretta Dev Divine and Janet Jackson and Anoni Rose. A young Tessa Thompson. Like he's been there for me. Even when I've struggled, like in my career with paparazzi and fame, he's provided safe spaces for me. He's a confidant, he's an advisor, he's a real friend. And to come to me with this role, I just thought this was an extraordinary gift to be able to play Captain Charity Adams, a woman who was so inspiring and so heroic. It really felt like the gift of a lifetime to be asked to step into this process with him and co-produce with him. So I want, I just, it was, I couldn't imagine not thanking him. Alright, We got more with Kerry Washington when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's Djj Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is here as well. We're still kicking it with Kerry Washington. Charlamagne, What are the biggest lessons you've learned as a producer as opposed to things you learned as a, as an Actress, as an actor? Yeah. I guess the thing I love most about producing is when you're an actor, you really are sitting around waiting for somebody else to give you an opportunity to do what you love to do. Right? Like, you're like, please somebody hire me. Somebody invite me to your party. Like, I just wanna play, I wanna hang out, I want a seat at the table. But when you're a producer, it's that thing of like, if you don't have a seat at the table, build your own table. Like I get to build my own table now and because it's my table, it's the table I know I wanna be at.


And I do not build a table for one. So to have a table where I know thousands of people are getting to work and to pursue excellence and chase their dreams because of what we are doing at Simpson Street, that's such a gift. So I think as a producer, again, it's really about like, how can I be of service? Not just to find the projects that I wanna do and tell the stories I wanna tell for me, but also like, I'm so proud of our show Reasonable Doubt, which we're shooting in Atlanta right now. Season three Desperate Housewives We make. Yes. Yeah. So we're really like, we are creating lots of opportunities, not just for me, but for other people. And that I love to be of service. I was gonna ask, how do you pick what you get involved in or choose to do? Because the Desperate Housewives spinoff, it's like 20 years later. Yeah. Where you a fan of the show? Or like how, what, what's the background?


Yeah. I love the show. I'm a huge fan of the show. And, and that show runner Mark Cherry, I, I just, I thought it's just a great time. Like some of the issues of that show, the idea of like living a life of perfection where everything looks good, but underneath there are secrets and desires and complexities that we're not talking about. Like, that still resonates. So I thought this was a good time to, to think about how would that show exist now? Who would be in that cul-de-sac now? 'cause it looks different now than it did 20 years ago. I see people not happy about that though. I saw some, some backlash. They was like, we don't want a new cast. I think they're trying to say, we don't want no diversity. I think that's what they really said. You Said cul-de-sac. I was thinking Emini here we, we, they going some black neighbors.


We'll see, we'll See. Do you, even when you hear stuff like that, does it, does it deter you in any way? Like, ah, is that a project I wanna touch? I'm open to feedback. I think it's important to have your ear open to criticism, but I, I try to only give real power to people who are in the game, right? Like, I don't, I don't really take criticism to heart from people who I don't admire and respect. Damn. You Can't even get in the club from outside. It's like, I'm, I'm not gonna, I Have to, I have To like you and like how you're living and what you're doing and what you're creating to feel like you have a say on what I do. But I'm very open. I'm a very collaborative person.


I'm very open to feedback. I love getting, like, I love directors who challenge me, who make me be better, who ask tough questions. You just have to be careful with your energy and not give it to haters. So just the random folks on social media, you like, whatever. No Emini here. You, I again, I think you have to stay aware. I think anytime you dismiss human beings is that's not healthy. 'cause everybody matters. Everybody's a child of God. People's voices matter. People count. But you just have to, for me, as I'm weighing input, I have to make sure that I don't give my power away. Question. When y'all, when you were doing scandal, right? Yeah. Scandal seemed very absurd. When you think about the government, when you look at the government now, do you like what, like, Shonda couldn't even write this.


It's wild. Yeah, it's wild. What would Olivia Pope do right now if she was part of this government? Which I don't think she would be part of this government. I don't think she would have, you know, she wouldn't serve this administration Even to be a spook who sat by the door. Like the Well that's an interesting twist. Yeah. Maybe Shonda would write that kind of version. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I really, I, this administration is beyond what I can wrap my head around right now. Yeah. And so I'm really, really trying to pivot my focus on most days to how each of us can show up to participate in this process in ways that really matters. Because I think we got here because too many people feel like they don't matter.


Yeah. Like their voices didn't matter. I think if more people understood the power of their vote, we wouldn't be where we are. When did you first realize people were watching you? Not just as a actress, but as a, as a leader? Oh, that's a good question. I don't know. I think I've always been a little bit of a, you know, I started my activism work when I was a teenager. So I've always been a person who's kind of been an artist, but also tried to be of service. But I don't know, I don't, I don't, I Emini here, even as you said it, I was like, oh, I guess people do think of me as a leader, but I don't, that's not first in my mind. I don't think about it in those terms. Yeah.


Interesting. I would say even politically, like people, they, I don't know your character of course because of, you know, living pope, even politically, like people look to you to see like who you're talking about. Why you're talking about him, what you're doing, what you're not doing. You got off at x at one point. I did. Yeah. You took a break. I saw you post that as well. Are You back now? No, no, no, no. Oh, nigga Is like for What? Right? No, yeah. But it, it's so synonymous with Olivia Pope and who, you know, what Emini here, the whole scandal show and all that. But that was Twitter. Yeah. That was an x Twitter was made our show part of what it was, the culture on Twitter and black Twitter. But x is a different place now. The neighborhood has changed. I don't wanna live there. Oh, right. You moved Out.


I'm I'm not in that neighborhood anymore. I don't agree with the leadership. You wanna talk about leadership? Like I don't agree with the leadership there. I don't, I don't agree with how the conversations are happening. It's not okay. Yeah. It's not as, it's not as safe a place as it used to be. And it was never entirely safe. But now it's like the Wild West and there's a lot of misinformation and so I don't, I don't wanna be at that party. I, I I'm glad you used the word safe because you don't seem to play it safe, but you have this like, huge career. A lot of people in Hollywood wanna play it safe 'cause they don't want to impact, you know, their career. Why, why, why do you take that? I guess risk is the word. Yeah. It's interesting 'cause I even at my company, when we talk about culture within the company at Simpson Street, we, we often don't say like, we wanna make sure this is a safe space.


We try to say, we wanna make sure this is a brave space. Mm. Because it's not about safety. It's about truth. And, and having the courage, being brave to say the things that need to be said so that you can move everybody forward. Safe is about like, tiptoeing eggshells working around people. It's like, no, no, no, no, no, let's be real. Let's tell the truth. Let's be kind. But I think clear is kind What's the, what's, was there a brave story you want to tell right now? Especially being, like I said, they keep, they're taking a lot of things from it. So I feel like art is gonna be the only way to educate and Inform. I was just at the Brooklyn Artist Ball last night at the Brooklyn Museum and they were honoring Darren Walker, who's an incredible leader. And he was saying that artists hold such important meaning in the culture right now because artists are like a mirror up to society.


I'm, I'm really proud of Shadow Force. I really, I love this film. I feel like theaters are back. Like, I'm so excited about sinners. I'm obsessed with that film. It's so beautiful. I feel like this is another like, really exciting film to see in theaters. 'cause locations are gorgeous and it's not a lot of CGI like this is That's right. Real people doing real stunts. Right. Putting our bodies at risk. I'm, I'm excited to be in community with people telling stories about the power of black family and black love and black parenting and black kids and, and community, you know? Yeah. And then I'm starting a series, Simpson Street is producing a new series for Apple called Imperfect Women that we start in a couple weeks we're filming in LA So I'm really excited about that project too.


It's with Lizzie Moss from Handmaid's Tale. And that's also really about like truth, you know, Listen, booked and busy Trying. I love that day. And I'm excited that we're shooting in la you know, because we need that after the fires. There's, we really need for more production to be happening in Los Angeles. So I just finished doing a film there and now we're starting this series. Are you reprising your role as Alicia Masters in Fantastic Folk for you? I, I haven't been invited to but Manifestation, but You can put that out there. I do wanna do more action films. I really feel like doing Shadow Force was so fun And I think it's exciting to work in that way to be, to take on strength not just intellectually and emotionally and spiritually, but physically.


Got You. Oh, thank you. Queen Kerry Washington. Always a pleasure. When you pull up Shadow Force is in theaters on May 9th. May 9th, May 9th, May Mother weekend, Mothers Day, weekend Weekend. All the badass moms. Alright. Okay. Mother's Day weekend. That is the, that's, that's what you need to take your mother to go see. Yeah. Yes. Shadow Force. Carrie, thank you for joining us. Thank you for having me. It's a pleasure. It's The Breakfast Club. Yes. The mic's on. Yes. Oh yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. Jess. Hilarious. Envious out Ba Lauren la and, And I gotta shoot Salute my guy Abby, the sandwich specialist from Newark, New Jersey. He's up here providing us a breakfast sandwiches this morning. Man. I told you about the good ass salmon burger I had.


Yes you did. Yes. So Abby came up here this morning. Well I can't wait to sink my teeth into one of them Sandwiches. Okay. So Lauren, hurry up with the latest so we can eat. I got you Lauren. Becoming a straight Fish Off man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club Talk. Talk to me. So last night, the 22nd NBA season ended LeBron James and the Lakers took a loss to the Timberwolves 1 0 3 Timber Wasn't 5 1 0 3 to nine six. Timber Wasn't five Lakers, shakers, breakers, takers, Timberwolves.


And five You. Well this morning at following that game, hashtag heat is 40 has been trending. Now this has been trending because that is LeBron James' age. And every time the NBA season ends, LeBron James talks about what his future is gonna look like this time around, he said last night that he is undecided when it comes to retirement or not. So people are just going back and forth about whether he should retire. 'cause I know he said before that he was just waiting to be able to play a year or a season with his son. Now he's been able to play with Bronny and people were like, Hey, I think he, you know, maybe he should sit down. He's still looking good but maybe he shouldn't. People are going back and forth. Charlotte, what you think, What do I Emini here?


I don't Emini here. LeBron can still play Emini here. For me it's put it like this. I, I'm 46 years old. I've been watching LeBron play, what, 21, 22 seasons. Now I've seen more. I've seen more of what I saw yesterday. Like, you know, I guess heartbreak than I have him at the top. And I, And I, it is not fair to say 'cause you know, I watched Michael Jordan for 13 years. Half of that he won championships. I watched Magic Johnson for 13 years. Half of that he was winning championships. LeBron has played much, much, much, much, much, much longer. But I've seen him lose a lot and I've seen a lot of people eat on his watch still, still, still, you know, top five greatest NBA player of all time. But I've seen a lot of people eat on his watch.


So I don't know what he still has to prove at this point. Maybe he's still trying to chase that 'cause he doesn't like that kind of conversation. Maybe he's still trying to chase some of those people I just named. Yeah, but I don't think he has anything to prove. But I Emini here. I can't sit here and say he should retire because his game don't say that at all. Well A lot of the articles last night pointed out, And I think some of these injuries are common just with the game, but a lot of them pointed out last night that he was limp limping out of the crypto arena. His left leg was swollen from Anita Knee collision. You Fought, you wake up limping for no goddamn reason. Okay? And I have to run up and down the court all day Like fracture something, stretching. I seen it happen. Crazy. You don't even Michelle come here this every morning be like, I Can't even help it.


I don even know feeling like that until I get Oh My God, yes, he be doing that. I Thought it was because he was on the spectrum and didn't tell us. I thought it was a little remedial at first, but no, it is literally re is about to be 50. That's True. Well if, if LeBron James does opt into his option, which he has to do by June 29th where he becomes a free agent, he can return to the Lakers for 20 25, 20 26 and it'll be worth $52.6 million if He does play for another year. I personally would like to see him go back to Cleveland for his last year and have his victory lap tour and Cleveland got a really good team. So, you know, you never know, like Cleveland got a really great team, right? Like, you know that I, I don't, if they don't win the championship this year, maybe somebody like LeBron can go there and help get them over the top and it's, he he'll be a free agency.


They won't have to lose anything. So who knows. Well in other sports news really quick so we can get to those salmon sandwiches. The Atlanta Falcons and their defensive coordinator Jeff Albridge, have been fined following that prank call that Jeff Al's son did to Shado Sanders over the NFL draft. Let's take a listen to Jeff Albridge apologizing. First of all, I'd like to publicly apologize to UR and the Sanders family for what occurred. Second of all, I wanna publicly apologize to Mr. Bla, Terry fao Reem Morris, and the entire Fakin organization. My actions, my actions of not protecting confidential data were inexcusable. My son's actions were absolutely inexcusable.


And for that we are both deeply, sorry, the NFL has taken action And I fully respect the punishment. We take full responsibility, my son and myself, and we will not be appealing the fine in any way going forward. I promise my son And I will work hard to demonstrate we are better than this. Again, I'm deeply sorry for our actions. You should have your son up there apologizing too. And furthermore, my mom, I'm taking money out all his accounts, whatever I done saved up for him. Trust funds and everything this coming out your money son. Okay, this quarter million, you going to pay for this. What A, so the Falcons were fined $250,000 while Jeff Abridge will have to pay a hundred thousand dollars in addition for failing to prevent the disclosure of confident confidential information that was distributed to the club in advance of the NFL draft because that number his son was able to obtain because of those confidential documents.


Now question Jess, what does a $350,000 behind whooping look like in your household? Because my mom, I would've been up there apologizing. She would've pulled me by my eight. Like you, That was, I would have to be a slave for the rest of my life. Pretty much. Yes. My mom is not paying that for me. My dad would not pay that for me. Like if it was my fault that such a big bill like that accumulates in the house and it's my fault. I'm, I'm working the rest of my life to pay that mm ass whippings every day. And I'm 33. But That's still, I'm, I'm not even joking. Like whatever trust fund he has put up for that little boy, yeah that money should come out of that. Like, like whatever money he got put away for that little boy, if that little boy got money in his savings account, checking account, all of that gotta come out to go to this. Fine. You got you a nice little car that you was driving.


Mm, no you gonna have to sell that too. Anything you got valuable you gotta get rid of until this debt is paid off. And Daddy had a couple dollars so you know, he was driving something nice, you know, he was, you know, he was now No more. Well that is the latest and make sure you guys check out the podcast the latest with Lauren La Rosa, me and Brandon who's been sitting in on the podcast with me, had a spirited discussion about this. 'cause you know, Brandon's into sports and some things. So make sure y'all check out the conversation over there, the latest with Lauren La Rosa, anywhere you listen to your podcast, Happy birthday to Victoria Monet and YMW Melley. So None of them are Mexican? No they're not. Okay, I'm just saying they black, they they like us. One is in jail, one is not. So they Like the Falcons. Yeah, they, yeah, yeah. You know, we, we don't say happy birthday like we should up appear.


It's a couple birthday. Yes. Is Lauren home girl birthday? Who? Lauren home girl. Drew Ra. It's her birthday. Okay. I, I've heard her talk about Drew a couple times. I like, we like drew up here. She in front of the room maybe, But well today is also May 1st, the first day of mental health awareness month. So we need a young woman named Isha Johnson to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with her. You'll see, okay. I tie it all together because that Is, yeah that is messed up. Okay. It's The Breakfast Club. Wake up, wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. And I just wanted to know how you came up with the donkey and the D Tell Made It because you're mean I'm not, what did I do? I Don day did a bunch of donkeys out hit street.


That Is Why Charlamagne, If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offend, we never would say anything. Damn. Give It to on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlamagne to God, he's a donkey that, Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving donkey who now? Yes, donkey today for Thursday May 1st is going to a 30 5-year-old Kentucky woman named Isha Johnson. Now, today is May 1st and do and do you know what today is? It's the first day of mental health awareness month. Okay, drop on a clue. Bumps for mental health awareness month. This month is dedicated to raising awareness, promoting education and providing resources to support those struggling with mental health challenges.


And that is what we are doing today with this donkey. We are raising awareness to those struggling with mental health issues because Makeisha is clearly struggling with mental health issues. Okay, she was a patient at a Kentucky hospital and she did something that a lot of people think about doing when the process at the hospital is taking too long. What do you mean Uncle Shala? She did something that a lot of people think about doing when the process at the hospital is taking too long. Well let's go to WDRB for the report please. A Woman is under arrest in Louisville after reportedly choking and assaulting a U of L hospital. Nurse court records say a nurse was making her round Saturday afternoon when 30 5-year-old Micha Johnson allegedly attacked her police, say footage of the incident shows Johnson choking the nurse, then slamming her to the ground where she reportedly began hitting the nurse in the face.


Officers say Johnson claims she was angry at the staff were taking too long to discharge her Johnson was charged with assault of a healthcare provider. Want and endangerment and menacing. Here's the thing, when you're ready to go, you're ready to go. Okay? We have all been parted the discharge process from the hospital in some way, shape or form, whether you've been the patient or whether you've been waiting with somebody. And yes, the hospital does drag their feet sometime. Okay? It is a hurry up and wait situation. Nothing is worse when you have to unexpectedly go to the hospital. Like you know, you gotta go to the er like something not right with you. Or the kids got a bone outta socket so you gotta up and leave the house and you didn't plan to, oh my God, you be so ready to leave the hospital once they tell you nothing wrong or they fix what is wrong. But the hospital do be taken forever.


But just because you think about choking, somebody doesn't give you the right to do it. Okay? Especially when this nurse wasn't doing anything but her job. Nurses out here working long hours, they're underpaid, they're stressed, and they always put their own health at risk just to take care of our sick asses, okay? They do not deserve to be attacked on the job. Full stop. But also, if you're trying to speed up the process, maisha, the quickest way to slow things down is by physically attacking the nurse. Okay? You're definitely not going home now. You're going to jail. Now I'm not here to make excuses for her violence, okay? What she did was wrong, but we have to know something was off with her mentally, right?


You gotta know that there is a lot of things that are gonna push people to the breaking point in this day and time that we live in. It's gonna be a lot of things that are gonna make people snap. And it's because folks like Makeisha are walking around with undiagnosed mental illnesses, okay? A lot of folks out here under pressure and they don't got no tools, no resources, no coping skills, they not going to no therapy. They don't have no emotional outlets, they just have frustration and nowhere healthy to put it. And they end up projecting on people the way that Makeisha projected onto this nurse. And that's not an individual problem, okay? That just doesn't stand with Makeisha. That's a societal problem. We don't take mental health seriously.


We tell people just to man up or suck it up or you know, get What? Suck it up. You know, girl, girl, no, you know, you a best eater. Why you stop? No. 'cause I could have tied all of that in with Kanye too, but I didn't because he's somebody else that we know is dealing with mental health issues and people be telling him to suck it up. He did it literally. But we tell people to man up and get over it or just deal with it. Meanwhile, people out here exploding over little things, okay? And others have to pay the price like that poor nurse. So we need to get people, help get them therapy. I personally don't believe this young woman, Makeisha Johnson, needs to be in handcuffs.


But she does deserve to get the credit today for being stupid. So give her the biggest, he haw, Right? Yes. Yo, this man said suck it up and people exploding over little things. You be writing this with so much gay intention, like, oh my god, gay intention, you, there was no like album exploding over little things, but No, it is mental health awareness month too. Let's, you know, pay attention to what, what mental health awareness is all about. Okay? There are people out here struggling with all type of mental health challenges that they don't know what to do with.


So let this be the month that, you know, we should do it all the time. But we should always be raising awareness and promoting mental health education and providing resources to people who need it. So you gonna do that? Yeah. Give Kanye some empathy. Am I gonna give him empathy? Well, here's the thing. The reason I gave Isha Johnson donkey today is because she's 35 years old. At some point, you know, you know better. You should know better, you should know better. You know, you're not responsible for your trauma, but you are responsible for your healing. You know what? Emini here, I hear you Justin. What you saying? Because what you about to say, what? I think you said something crazy. This salmon burger is the best salmon burger I've tried. Tried to dropping My life. A two bombs for Abdul. Is this banana pudding? This is banana pudding and then shrimp banana. P Abdul out there.


Abdul, okay. Yes. No pork out there. Everything is Turkey chicken. I'm trying to tell. I'm to tell you.


Balancing work, family and education isn't easy. But American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules. A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that fits their lives and affordability matters too. And a PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank. Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu.


Some people watch tv, but you live for it. You've got theories, memes, hot Takes. Your Sundays are reserved for new episodes and your favorite podcasts on iHeartRadio. And you called that plot twist two seasons ago. So take that obsession to Xfinity's Instagram and TikTok feeds. It's the hub for if you know, you know buzz about your favorite movies and shows with celeb interviews and first looks finally, people that love TV as much as you do. Love it back. Give Xfinity a follow on Instagram and TikTok.


Ugh, Spam calls. Sound familiar? Introducing line two, get a second phone number right on your existing phone. Imagine discounts, appointments, online forms. Handle it all without giving out your personal number. It's like having a secret weapon against spam. And when those unwanted calls sneak through, boom. Blocked. No more interruptions, no more stress. Stay connected. Stay protected. Keep your main number safe and out of harm's way. Ready to take back your phone. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today.


Yo Kiva is is your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go.


Everything gave me the Santa sandwich. I got the one with cheese. Some special sauce. Let see, I'm trying to tell you, they Right, they out there in Newark. Y'all, I was in Newark last week And I went to Abby, the sandwich specialist and my guy Abdul. I was like, yo, I, y'all gotta taste this 'cause y'all think I just be capping when I be telling y'all how amazing things are. This the Guy who had called up here and was like, you said you was gonna come to my spot and didn't come. And then you went, yes. Is that him? Oh yes. That out there. That that is a fire Charlamagne dick. That ain't burger hitting, right? No, it's hit team. Okay. That's all you are. Rights All I'm saying. He's certainly right Lauren. I, I told him, put one to the side for you. Thank you. I want some banana pudding too. Well that's gone. It is. You have two. No Big Mac guy. The last two, listen, The banana pudding going up, dude is no more Banana pudding.


There's no more. Oh, he said he got me. Don't worry about don't worry about that. Just get a sandwich Lauren. We got Jeff fix my mess coming up. It's The world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. It's The Breakfast Club. Come on, Everybody know why we get down, down. Help me. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real. Yes, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne to God. Jess. Hilarious Envy is out today, but Lauren LaRosa is in, but it don't even matter 'cause right now it's time for Jess.


Fix My Mess. Okay, this is where Jess fixes people's mess. If you listen to her Carefully Reckless podcast, that's what she does on the Carefully Reckless podcast every week. And she does it here on The Breakfast Club every Thursday as well. Hello? Who's this? Hey, good morning. Good morning. This is What's your question? Alright, So my question is, try to make it short. Been with those guys for almost two years or whatever And I met him, he, you know, he was self-employed. I don wanna say too much. He was self-employed, his own thing. And now it's like over from being a street guy. So like I'm, and so my question is, how long do you think you should for a man while he's broke?


Man, you said, all right, so how you asked, 'cause you kind of went out a little bit. You said how long should you take care of a man while he's broke? Yeah. How long you think like you should be down for a man while he's broke? Hmm. See that's, that goes on a situation basic. Like that's vibe, that's whatever the circumstances are. Like you can't just put, 'cause I can't tell you when you should stop putting a bill for everything. Like does he, what does he wanna do? Do you see him trying to get a job? Is he trying to make money some type of way? Is he trying to, you know, launch a business or you know, even a podcast something, what is he trying to do? Does he show you any everything at all? Yeah. So, so he is starting a clothing line, but it's like it ain't really like going good right now.


So the clothes is trash is what you're saying. Like he ain't really got, it's not, you wouldn't, you wouldn't wear These things. Yeah. It right. You wouldn't wear this. I I I wear it for promotion because I have a nice body. So I wear for promotion, I get himself sometimes you wearing it Because You, You you only wearing it because you know, you stand behind your man like, you know, that's the support and you want him to make the money, but you gotta be real with yourself as That. True. Yeah, Because the clothes gotta be trash because you are still footing the bill for a lot of things. You're taking care of him. So obviously somebody ain't buying the stuff off. Jody, you know what Emini here, he's not able to sell. I like the fact that he's trying not to do it this way, but it's like got so get a nine to five.


I don wanna now. Yeah, see that's the thing. Everybody see social media makes it look easy for people to start their own businesses and things like that. But that, that comes with the mindset. You need to have a mindset of a CEO First of all, you need to know how to be patient enough to take Ls. Yeah. You need to know how to run a business. You need to know, you know what I'm saying? You got, it's just certain things that people And need to be financially stable before you start a Business. Exactly. Exactly. 'cause you need money to make money, especially when you have your own business. So he needs a damn job. Like he needs to work for somebody else before he can work for himself. Right? Yeah. So, So how long you should answer the question.


So how long you saying, you know, It already sound like you tired babe. So go ahead, throw in that towel. You know what Emini here and, and take a break from the relationship. It ain't, and like, it ain't like a, you know, a forever breakup, you know, 'cause you, you love him. I feel like you love him. You just tired and you're drained and y'all not married. So you don't need to be there. Y don't have any kids together, right? No. All right. So I dream let's take a break until you where you need to be and where I need to be. Yeah, because Just say Where we both need to do right now. We helping you. Yes. I'm not financially obligated to you. We not married. Like I don't have to take care of you while you make it, while you know, while you get yourself together. If, if he wanted to go from Ghost to James St. Patrick, he gotta do it like a certain way. And that is not involving your money.


'cause you need your money for your stuff, for your life. So take a, you know, yeah, take a break. Let him figure his stuff out and then y'all can reconvene when he get it together. All right. Thank you. So don't ble my name out 'cause maybe he can hear anything fake or whatever. No, we wasn't bleeping it out Anyway. I love you. That was just fix my mess. Make sure you listen to the Carefully Reckless podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. If you need more help getting your mess fixed. 'cause just be fixing mess every Wednesday on her podcast In the mornings. Look at him. He was about to not even know. But yes, Wednesday mornings I fixed mess on the iHeart ad under the Black Effect podcast. Right? And then also on Thursdays live, if you call in I can fix your mess on Breakfast Club.


That's right. So more just fix my mess when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Ask about Me relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up Dr. Jess. And I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Yes, it's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne. The God Jess. Hilarious DJ Envy is out. But Lauren Ros in and we are here doing, just fix my mess on this fine Thursday, Jess. Good Morning. What's your question? What's wrong? Yes. I would like to ask how to keep negativity people out your life and just keep your peace. Just it is simple, you know. Well, I can't say it because it's easier said than done, but I keep negative people out of my life.


Just not answering the phone. I don't go around people. You gotta surround yourself with, you know, positive vibes. I'm, I'm assuming 'cause I'm positive for the most part. Ain't nothing wrong with a little negativity every now and then. 'cause everything can't be all peaches and sunshine and everything like that. And that builds character negativity kind of builds character a little bit. But I, yeah, just, just don't answer the phone. Just don't talk to people. Is it your friends, your friends, your family? Like who is it? Friends And family people that I thought that was really close to that I trusted had been around for a long time and they just did some disrespectful things to me over the weekend. So that's why I don't know how To take it. Oh, okay. So that's what happened. All right. Okay. So now we're being more specific. That was real broad how you just came out like that.


Alright, cool. But yeah, you, you you set that boundary like, nah, I'm not allowing this in my life. This is, nah, you have to really, really know what you won't take. 'cause if you tolerate something, people are only gonna keep doing, you know, displaying the same behavior. Like you, you have to, you have to let people know you're serious about it. You don't gotta talk to them. People, friends, family, whatever. I don't care if they are your blood a lot of times. Nah, a lot of times you gotta separate yourself and isolate yourself from family and friends as well. So they understand or nah, all yeah, she, she, I may have done something that, that she didn't like or I made her feel uncomfortable in some type of way. Yeah, separate yourself. Don't answer the phone. Don't go around these people.


They, they're not deserving of your time and certainly they, they're not worth you draining your energy for them. Like no. True, true. That's it. And then if they wanna know why act, tell them. Tell them you're disrespectful, you hurt me. I don't like that. That's not in my ministry. So boom. Bye. That's it. Thank you so much, Jess. No problem, boo. That was just fix my mess. Make sure you listen every Thursday live. Okay? If you want to get your mess fixed, you call in and just will fix your mess. And every Wednesday on the Carefully Reckless podcast. She does the same thing. Now it's time for the latest with Lauren. Lauren, what you got coming up next? It Is, did y'all know that Kim Kardashian, remember the people that robbed her in Paris? Yes. They like over 60 and one of 'em was like deaf.


Oh Gu. They didn't know what they was doing. We gonna talk about it. Okay. Alright. It's The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Hey, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Hey, gotta do. Go jazz. Charlemagne, you got Jess. Hilarious. Go. DJ Envy is out. Lauren is in. Hey. Got a lot going on up here this morning. Literally it's time for the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming the street face Off man. She gets him from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything And she be having the latest on Lord the Latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the Latest On The Breakfast Club.


Talk to me. So Kim Kardashian, one of the Paris robbers is a, a deaf man who is actually being accused as the ringleader in that robbery where she was tired up in Paris and it took all of her jewelry. Yep. They actually accused Emini here. They targeted her for $10 million in jewelry at the time. And it was a whole big thing. So this man is a 60-year-old man. He is known as old. He's known as old Omar. And he what? It's a part of a whole like old gang of like people. Okay. So he's known as Old Omar and he was asked a bunch of questions in court via handwritten notes because he's deaf and mute and, and he going around Robbing people.


That's the worst person to get robbed by. I'm following all your directions and you still waving the gun at me, threatening me even more. Hitting me. Pistol me. 'cause you can't hear me saying I compli, I complied. Listen, listen. They, he's a part of a, a, a, a big gang called the Grandpa Robbers. Okay? Now he had to read questions from a typed transcript and his responses were projected on screen in the courtroom where he denied that he was the leader of the gang. Now, Omar did admit that he was a part of the gang that broke into Kim Kardashian's hotel room during Parish fashion week back in 2016. But he says I was not the leader of this group. The Grandpa Roberts got another person at the head and is not me. But he did confess to tying Kim up and then she was, then she was held at gunpoint and bound with plastic ties and duct tape and left in the bathroom as they took the $10 million worth of jewelry, which they dropped something on the way out as they were on the getting away on them bikes.


A hearing aid. What was, what did they drop? No, they dropped a piece of the jewelry. Oh. I can find exactly what jewelry it was. And Omar's DNA was actually found on the plastic ties and video and phoned at place him at the scene. There's Gotta be a letter somewhere asking Omar to participate in this robbery 'cause he can't hear. So somebody had to write, Hey, we going to Rob Kim k tonight. You down check. Yes, check. No. Like what? Well, they actually dropped one of the $24,000 necklace on the way out. Oh. Like what? They were trying to get away. But yeah, when I saw that headline, I was like, wait, what? You had to make sure it was real. It wasn't a joke. Right. I'm, I still think it's a joke. And He tied her up. Yes. I don't know. And it's like that. And that also says a lot about Kim, Kim need to get some fighting classes or something.


'cause I'm beating a deaf mutes as, and he over 60, his name old Omar Emini here. He still got the old man screaming just 'cause he can't hit on me and he can't fight. And he had a gun. Yeah. We forgot that part. Oh yeah, She was, she was held at gunpoint and these, they're supposed to be like notorious Roberts. So they do this. One of them passed away actually before the trial started. Well, Emini here, Perfect time to die. Look, You know, Like why, if I know I'm gonna prison for the rest of my life, I wonder. And are they doing this because they are old and they're on their way out. I Don't know their intention. And you know what, Emini here, if they feel like this is their purpose in life or if it's just because they all narrow, they're on way out. Well out Lauren, I need, if you come On, I'm I'll reach out, find the home where they Call the man. Can't hear nobody. The sauce is death.


Wait, I wanna get to this before we have to wrap. So Nick Cannon today in episode aired of rape. Oh God. If it gotta do with his music, I'm going, That's what I was to say. Nick Cannon. Nick Cannon was on Teton with Raven and Miranda, which is Bottle wash. Nick can in the I be now you playing He better. Yeah. Bottle wash Nick Cannon in The World. She found out who Bottle isn't just won't leave him alone because all right, so Nick Cannon was on Raven Simone's podcast, right. With her and her wife Miranda. And he actually revealed that he has a $10 million policy on his testicles. He Says, Okay, I'm going deaf. I'm, I have enough. The father of 12 said that he took out a, a pricing insurance policy on his test testicles back in 2024.


And he's, he we have just take a listen. So You took out a $10 million insurance policy on your Well see that's the thing. I personally, someone else took the insurance policy out on him. Funny enough, Emini here. It started off like, yo, this would be a good joke. But we really went through with it Dr. Squat who is like, they're known for like, you know, manscaping and all that stuff stuff. They were like, yo, a lot of celebrity women are inuring their legs in case something goes wrong. Heidi Klum. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they were like, well what's your most valuable asset Nick? My ball Insure Them.


And you know it, I got the insurance policy in my office. It's like it's it's legit. Yep. Each ball. It's 5 million a ball. Clown him. All right, so look, anyway, going back to old ass Omar, look. Right. My thing is if, is it listen, is it still considered like snitching if he can't tell? Because like what if he wanna tell on niggas but he can't be 'cause he can't talk. He just doing this. He wanna Tell what he can say. I'm trying to tell y'all what's going on. I'm trying to tell y'all He throwing up math signs. Right. You know what I'm saying? And he's trying to die and it's a plane take off. Yes. Yo, I just wanted to know. Oh my God. I don because I don't got time for for Nick's testicle and like I don't, I don't, I went deaf during that whole story.


We got the people's mix. Thank you Lauren for the latest. You're welcome. You're welcome. Yeah. We got the People's Choice Mix coming up Next. Envy hasn't been here all morning, but you gonna hear him talking for the next 20 minutes. So stupid. It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club Charlamagne. God Jess Hilarious Envy was off today. He was doing some book trapping. You know his new book, real Life Real Family is out with his wife Gia Casey. So he's running around, I don't know if he's still in Atlanta or not. He still in Atlanta. I'm not sure. I don't know. He's running around doing some book trapping, but Lauren Laro has been here all morning. Where you at this weekend Jess? I'm not anywhere this weekend, but next weekend I'm in Detroit for the Mother's Day show. I got three shows in one day next Saturday. That is May 10th.


Get your tickets@jessofficial.com. The tickets are almost sold out. We got an 11:00 AM brunch, a early evening show at seven and then a nine 30 show. And I will be doing meet and greet after the late night show at nine 30. So make sure you get your tickets. Detroit. What up though? Can't wait to see y'all On 17th Atlantic City. Right. And yep. 17th. Because I'm getting my mom, Atlantic City. We coming for Mother's Day, but it's a week after. Oh, You bringing Mama Rose? She been, she been talking about she thought she missed it, remember? Yeah, yeah, yeah. She been talking about wanting go to Jess show. So I'm gonna surprise, I know your mama had a couple boos out in Atlantic City back in the day. Listen, Mama Had boos here in New York. She, Atlantic City wasn't for her, wasn't she Lives Novato? Yes. Probably Vato Daddy or Granddaddy. Oh, oh, Oh. Big vital.


It was another Okay. Vital. She was more of a big OG vital type. Not the little That's What's up. That's what's up. May 17th I will be out in Atlantic City, New Jersey. So get your tickets for that y'all. You gotta Salute the beautiful Carry Washington for pulling up. Yes. Yeah. She got a new movie coming out, right? Yes she does. And It's called Shadow Force. Yes. It'll be our May 9th Mother's Day weekend. I love, yes. I love that her and Viola Davis are both starring in an action film at the same time. You know, it kind of gives you the feel of like the How to Get Away with Murder and Scandal, like Universe or something like that. Oh, I didn't even think about that. Yeah. So I really, really love is love seeing a black women who we ain't really ever see doing action before, during action now. And it was, They're good too. Like it's not like where you can tell us a stunt double or like any Of that.


That it's actually good. It shot. Well you Right. You know what's so interesting about Shonda Rhimes and Viola Davis, they both had hit shows on network television, but a lot of times when you talk to a lot of, you know, black people, especially black women, when they've had those hit shows on network tv, they don't go on to have like huge success anywhere else. A lot of times like especially when you talk to a lot of them from the nineties. Yeah. Like they had those big roles, but you didn't really see them do anything after much after that. Like they didn't even get offered anything. Yeah. So the fact that you know, Carrie and and Viola still get a lot of work Yes. Is is a testament to them. But also, you know, just, I don't know, have times changed. Like what happened? Why Have time changed?


You were here then and now. I was about to say, your old ass, you the only one here's been here Then Airlines are still here. We crazy about, Oh man, that is so stupid. What is that A positive note? Yeah, the positive note. Why those old people always be have time changed that much? It's not that I'm asking y'all, I'm just asking myself. Grab you Your point first when you ask, have time, time change and yell about the lottery again. Time change. That much Change. How did you tell us you was here, nigga? Yes. The whole time. Oh, the positive note is simply this. Authenticity and integrity always win.


Okay. People who either accept you or they don't, you keep people in your life who align with the truth of your being or they don't. Nothing is lost when you remain honest. Okay. Authenticity filters your life for you. You keep the ones who are aligned and release the ones who aren't. Mm. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Do Y'all finish or y'all done?


American Public University With service members like you can access high quality, affordable education built for your lifestyle. With online programs that fit around deployments, training, and unpredictable schedules. A PU makes it possible to earn your degree no matter where duty takes you. Their preferred military rate keeps tuition at just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's tuition. And with 24 7 mental health support, plus career coaching and other services, A PU is committed to your success during and after your service. Learn more at apu.ap.edu/military. That's apu.ap.edu/military.


Some people watch tv, but you live for it. You've got theories, memes, hot Takes. Your Sundays are reserved for new episodes and your favorite podcasts on iHeartRadio. And you called that plot twist two seasons ago. So take that obsession to Xfinity's Instagram and TikTok feeds. It's the hub for if you know, you know Buzz about your favorite movies and shows with celeb interviews and first looks finally people that love TV as much as you do. Love it back. Give Xfinity a follow on Instagram and TikTok.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty And I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Chase sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


Hey Kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's Me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one, I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. It could be a family show, we're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.