
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree your proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Jess is out Sick. She'll be back this week. What up, Lori? Good morning y'all. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning. Yes. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Fa, but happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Man. I feel cold, man. It is cold out there freezing. Jesus. I jumped in the, the car this morning and the car said two degrees. Yes. So it was two degrees outside. Now I know that there, you know, with Breakfast Club is broadcasting a hundred plus markets throughout the country.


And I know that it's snow down south. It's cold everywhere. Right? Yeah. I know. It might be cold where y'all at, but boy here, I ain't got nothing. New York. New York City. That's right here in New Jersey. You know the Black mothership? That's what we call this studio. That's where we broadcast from New York City. It's Brick two. It said two dries. It is Brick, brick, brick, brick, Brick. Lord have mercy. It's beyond shrinkage season. We got Clus sisters. Clus. Okay. Right. Jesus. I was gonna say, it made me Miss La, but it's a lot going on over there right now too. Yeah. Yeah. Well see. Either or. You could deal with the, the fires and the smoke or deal with this coldness Emini here. At some point, people just gotta embrace that climate change is real. I know that, you know, a lot of conservatives of climate change deniers, but there's no reason to be because clearly something is off.


Yes. It snowing is new Orleans's in New Orleans. Snowing snow In Texas. It was snowing parts. Florida, Carolina to Florida. Parts of Florida. Yes. I saw that yesterday. That didn't even look real. I was watching the news last night and I'm like, it's snowing in Florida. I saw them putting down C Cajun seasoning instead of the salt in New Orleans. I said, oh, it's real. Did they? For real? Yeah. People. Yo new, I didn't that. That's Y'all not on TikTok. That's not true. That's 'cause y'all not on TikTok New Orleans Snow TikTok. It's undefeated. They was putting a Cajun season out. They was on Bourbon Street having a good time. They had the bottles in the ice. I'm show Y'all. Yeah, they the Cajun season. And that's just performative for TikTok. I don't think that actually works. Does that actually work? New Orleans? Somebody from New Orleans call us up right now. No. Somebody that listen to us on Q 93 in New Orleans call us.


So I don't, I've never heard that. It It could. It could be. And the reason I say that is, you know, in some markets Instead of salt trucks, they got Cajun C because they don't Have salt. They don't have salt. Like even in some markets they don't have salt trucks. So they throw sand on the floor. Yeah. Because they don't have salt because they're not used to this. So Yeah, they don't have sand. And they don't have salt. Yeah. But down south everything shuts down. If it's an inch of snow, everything just shuts down. People stay home. Grocery stores get empty and everybody just stays home until this passes. Now I'm gonna find this tic-tac for y'all. Okay. Yeah. Well maybe they just use Mad Lowry's married Lowry Season Salt all over the place. It Was Z Zan. Oh, Zan. Yeah. Look, lemme see. Occasion season. I'm not, I'm not saying that a person's not online doing it. I'm just saying I think that's performative cap. Oh yeah, that Is TikTok. Yeah, that's definitely performative Camp. That ain't Working. Yeah. No. Okay.


I just don't believe it. No, not at all. All right, well let's get the show cracking. Anita Ax will be joining us this morning, man. Anita Kopac is a fantastic author. She is on my book in Print Black Privilege Publishing with Simon and Schu to her first book was called Shallow Waters. She just put out this sequel to her to that book called The Wind On Her Tongue. She has a series called The Daughter of Three Waters, trilogy and book number two came out yesterday. It is called The Wind on Her Tongue. And Anita will be here to talk to us about it today. And tonight we're gonna be at Brooklyn at Green Light Bookstore at 7:30 PM having a conversation about the wind on our tongue. But we'll be here on The Breakfast Club discussing it this morning. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news.


President Trump is President Trump. And we'll tell you all by the way, Trump is Trump. He's Trump or trumpet. But we'll tell you when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the J nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page News. Morning Morgan. Good Morning. Envy Charlemagne And Lauren. Y'all doing good? How's The weather by you? Yes. Good morning. Oh my God, it's freezing cold. We don't have too much of the wintry mix just yet, but we are dealing with some bone chilling cold here in the DMV. Okay, but speaking of cold, it's go world out here. Let's just go ahead and get right into it. President Trump, he is defending his stance to part in the January six ERs.


He made the comments yesterday during his first press conference as president. Let's just jump right into it and hear more from President Trump. These people have already served years in prison and, and they've served him viciously. It's a disgusting prison. It's been horrible. It's inhumane. It's been a a terrible, terrible thing. I also say this, you go to Portland where they did, where they wrapped police officers, shot police officers, nothing happened to anybody. You go to Seattle where they took over a big chunk of the city and people died. Portland, a lot of people died. Wait a minute and you go also take a look at Minneapolis.


'cause I was there And I watched it. And if I didn't bring in the National Guard, that city wouldn't even exist today. People were killed and nobody went to jail. So these people have already served a long period of time And I made a decision to give a pardon. Trump should have just said, look, you gotta get your goons out when they put in work for you, period. Okay? When your goons put in work for you and they get jammed up, you got to go get 'em out. Gotta get them outta there. So the family of a police officer who died that day, Brian Sick, they called this pardon? An undoing of justice. The largest police union, the same police union, the fraternal order of Police released a joint statement saying it's deeply discouraged by the pardons. This is the same police union that actually endorsed Trump to become President Senate majority soon, excuse me, Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer.


He slammed the president's move, calling it un-American and two Republican senators Alaska, Lisa Murkowski and Louisiana lawmaker, bill Cassidy. They both said they're disappointed and it's not right. So, but you Know, you, you knew he, they all knew. And this was, he was going to do this like, like Trump told America this what he was going to do on day one and he kept his promise to his base. You know, immediately he said he was going to do it and he did it. That's right. Nobody should be surprised by any of that. That's why I'm Surprised 'cause he said it from the beginning. He never, he never said, well I'm not gonna do it or maybe I'm gonna Surpris that He did or are you Surprised? People surprised? I'm surprised. People are surprised. It's not like Joe Biden said, I'm gonna let the court handle my son. And then you know, he switch.


Exactly. He said from the door, oh, I'm gonna let my people out Day. He said day one, I'm part of them. I guess maybe they thought he was bluff. Right? They are who he thought they were. Let 'em off the hook. Alright. Trump also announced a private sector investment in worth billions of dollars to build AI infrastructure in the US tech companies. Oracle Open AI and SoftBank are creating a joint venture titled Stargate. SoftBanks, CEO, Masi son AI's, Sam Altman and Oracle's Larry Ellison all spoke at the White House to announce the AI infrastructure and will, it will contribute a hundred billion dollars to investments to start. The plan is to pump up to $500 billion into, into it over the next couple of years. Let's hear more from Trump on his AI infrastructure plan.


But to announce the largest AI infrastructure project by far in history and it's all taking place right here in America. Together, these world leading technology giants are announcing the formation of Stargate. A new American company that will invest $500 billion at least in AI infrastructure in the United States. Yeah. So Trump said Stargate will be building the physical and virtual infrastructure to power the next generation of ai. Ellison added that the group's first data project, which is 1 million square feet under construction in Texas. Now speaking of internet type things, Trump says he's okay with TikTok being sold to Elon Musk or Larry Ellison.


He made that those comments in that same press conference saying that Trump would be on board and he liked Ellison, a chairman of the tech company, Oracle to buy it too. Now TikTok is currently in a state of limbo in the US after the Supreme Court out held a law banning it and of course the app went dark for about 15, 16 hours over the weekend. Trump has signed an executive order pushing off the ban for about 90 days. But the Chinese company by dance still has yet to sell the app or you know, basically getting good standing for it to operate legally in the us. Switching gears, the executive orders do continue and this one is for my people in the DMV 'cause I know it's a lot of federal employees out here.


The federal employees and DEI diversity, equity inclusion roles have been placed on leave. This comes as Trump has signed an executive order directing the ending of federal DEI programs. Which offices are being ordered to shut down. Now the White House press secretary, Carolyn Levitt called the move a win for Americans calling DEI programs a scourge on society. Yeah. Not surprised by that either. He said, he said this is what he was going to do and he did it day one. He's keeping all his promises. That's right. If you voted for Trump, you heard him say he was going, you know, get rid of DEI and things of that nature. So he said he was gonna do all these things and if that's what you voted for, you're a happy voter today. That's right. I don't know what to tell y'all.


Yep. Yeah. One more thing that just seems to be like really impacting people, I don't know if they're aware of, is an executive order and he is rescinding a Biden era executive order that researched how to lower prescription medical costs. That's hard. Yeah. Biden's order asked to Health asked the Health and Human Services secretary to explore new healthcare payment and delivery methods that would lower drug costs to promote access to innovative drug therapies while Trump got rid of that directive on day one as well during his presidency, along with other orders in place that he deemed unpopular inflationary, illegal and radical. So you guys wanna keep an eye on your drug, cross your prescription drug costs now and rack up?


Maybe if you can. I'm not sure, but I will keep you posted. Yeah, if you, and we'll talk more about it. If you voted for him because the groceries are too high, then you are not happy about that in any way, shape or form. Because you know, it's all about keeping, keeping money in American people's pockets. That's what people said they voted for. They voted for the economy. Right. They voted because they wanted to have more money in their pockets. But you definitely not happy about that. Yeah. Yeah. We never, I don't, I don I I I'm still reading through the executive orders 'cause it's a lot, but I don't see groceries on the list. I'm just saying. Alright. All right. Well that is front page news. We'll see you next hour. Yep. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. Time to get it off your chest wake, wake up. Whether you're mad Or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? This is Curtis from the 2, 2 9. Hey, what's up brother? Get it off your chest. What The hell is the 2, 2 9? Yeah, I'm calling for Charlamagne and get Snoop Dogg. Don't get a date for singing that inauguration him and Nelly. I'm not doing that. But not What's the 2 2 9 2 2 9 South Georgia Right off the area. Okay. Okay. Okay. Got you. Yep. That's All you got. That's pretty, that's all I got. Yes Sir. Yeah, I'm not doing that 'cause I think it's ridiculous that people got more smoke for Snoop Dogg and Nelly than they do for elected officials.


Who, who, who, who, who, who, who told us that Donald Trump was a threat to democracy. A fascist. They likened him to Hitler. But then, you know, Barack Obama's at President Carter, his funeral showing all his teeth with him. You know, president Biden's welcome him back to the White House having tea with him after pardoning his whole family. 'cause he's such a, in such a danger. But you know, the only one I got love for is Michelle. Shout out to Michelle. Michelle kept that same energy. Yeah. Alright, little peace out. Peace. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is James going from North Carolina. Hey James. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Yeah Man. Last week man, my sister told me something that I couldn't believe. She said that this guy was doing an interview and said that Michael, he saw Michael Jackson beat up Tupac once.


Jesus Christ. I saw that on I You did? Yeah. Emini here. I ain't see Michael Jackson be the Tupac. I saw the, I saw the guy having that conversation. Yeah, yeah. I was like, this dude is bugging him. Yeah, I heard, I heard that's ka a lot of people, you know from Michael Jackson and Tupac's team said that is Ka complete Cap Cyber. Yeah. I couldn't believe it. Yo, I couldn't even imagine that man. I was like, I don't even think Tupac even knew Michael Jackson. Nah, I'm sure they knew each other. I'm not sure. All but knew. Yeah, I'm sure they knew all. Of course they did. Tupac and Michael Jackson. Yeah. Well, Emini here, they were around the same era. Right. Tupac did movies with his sister. Of course they knew each other. He did A movie With Janet. Yeah, but Emini here, as far as I know him and Janet wasn't even that Type.


Michael Jackson did songs with Biggie. I'm sure that him and Tupac ran into each other, you know, before, well Gary, you know Michael Jackson was a Crip. Was he? Y'all ain't know that? No, I know he did the video when he was on, Man, Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson wasn't no damn Crip. Who I know he was throwing a video, I thought, are you, is he lying? Yeah, Michael Jackson was a Crip. There's a video with him with, with a bunch of Crips and he's holding up the sign and man Michael Jackson was a Crip man, get Outta here. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what up man? It's John, man. What's up Jonathan? Get it off your chest. Yeah, from Florida by way of Mississippi. What's up? Bravo. Go ahead. Get it off your chest. I think, man, we knew what Trump was going to do when he first got in office. He said that during his first run and then he said it during Biden and now he's doing it now.


So I don't know why everybody acting confused. We knew. So I say we getting, we need to get our shit together. I'm sorry, the next two years for the midterm elections. We need to figure out who we gonna put our support behind and that's it. And hold them accountable. I'm telling you right now, you're right. But I have no faith in Democrats to do that. Now there's a couple of Democratic candidates that I like for, you know, 2028. But the Democratic Party as a whole, they need to do a whole autopsy and they need to do a whole remix. Right. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Dre Envy. This twisty. Can you guys hear me? Yes, we can. Yeah. What's up man? Get off your chest, bro. Do you guys believe Trump is gonna do what he's gonna say he's gonna do? He's already, he's already doing what he said he's going to do. Yeah, Mr. Charlemagne the devil. Oh my God. Is this you this the guy that be coming to the radio station every morning. I'm gonna tell you something. I'm gonna have Trump deport you. I'm gonna have him deport you back Africa. All, well, you going back to whatever Spanish, this country you came from.


Goddammit. All right. I'm telling you that right now. All right. You good though? Yeah, I'm good. Good job. Good morning man. Have man this come from. Good to hear from you brother. All Right. Good morning. Stay warm out there man. I'm not even cold. I'm standing outside. Okay, well don't stand out there too long because I'm calling Trump right now and they, you know, they start the mass deportations today. Start yesterday. They wanna surprise you, Yo. They're gonna surprise you by grabbing you Goodbye. Hello? Who's this? What up? What up This Chase, I'm called Chase, calling from Queens. Chase from Queens. What up? Get it off your chest Man. For one, you know I'm from the town, so every, you know what Emini here, every, I'm from the hood, from Queens.


You feel Mem part of Queens One thing. But this bus I'm from, I'm from North side. You know I'm, I'm from the block you over from where you from you and cool, you feel me? But I'm outside. I'm gonna Just say I'm outside. I'm gonna give you that. Okay. And this nigga, this guy Buster is outta line bro. And I'm speaking for everybody. I ever ran into a problem with him. Like he tried to sush me on Halloween, bro. Like, and I'm, I'm outside. Like I, I be outside with a lot of people we know special, you know, special. You know, a couple people, I've been around Busta in different situations. He see me say what up, you know? But then when I'm not in situations And I see him when I'm not in this situations And I see him, he acts as if, you know, he tries to act. Like for instance, I had my two sisters with me on Halloween.


They just wanted a picture. He comes outside and tries to, I said, what up Busta, how you doing regularly? You know, he tries to shush me like bro, who? I'm a grown man. Who is you shushing? I don't care about none of the celebrity stuff you got going on, bro. Like, Can I ask you a question? Can I ask you, can I ask you a genuine question? Genuine question. Shaman. What Up? Well, he told you to shush. I bet you be, you was quiet. I bet you ain't say nothing. Nah, actually, actually I did what anybody would do. I went, I took my Halloween costume off And I spun the block. You know, he, he was acting different then. None of his booms was ready to pop in. But you ain't, but you ain't saying nothing though. You, you was quiet. You sh you, you, you hued. You did sh when he told you to sh Emini here. If we have more, if we have more time, I put you on Threeway with some people who could tell the story.


Different show. But did you sh when he told you to sh is what I want to know. Nah, I took my Halloween costume off And I let 'em know who I was. It's Different. Yo, if you got a proper bus, why don't you just call special if you know specialist, just, just watch it out with Special Brother. Nah, I wouldn't let The Breakfast Club know buses out line then I'm mad at you for giving away the movie. Envy my, you know what I'm saying? That was foul. The Movie was out for weeks. I still enjoyed it. Nah, bro, That was foul bro. I went to Go see Eric. And also, but on a serious note that that the, the last thing people like, we all regular people, you know what I'm saying? MBU from my neighborhood. So what I'm trying to explain to you is like when y'all see people outside that appreciate y'all and the things y'all do and, and you know some people, some people might meet y'all and be ecstatic.


You know what I'm saying? You gotta show those people love. You can't, you can't act like people who are beneath you. You understand? I know Charlemagne, you get that? I agree a hundred percent, but guess what? Yeah. So bus outta Line for that bro, Regardless. Bus outta line. And if we was in person, you wouldn't be doing that. Have a good day y'all. Charlamagne, can I get a drop? You gotta love New York man. Man, he is triggered by that. Yo, he right though. Is He a grown man? Gotta Love a grown, a grown man. Tell you to sh you better be telling me to be quiet because we in danger both of us. You gotta love New York. How he get that mad and they be like yo, most mad about the Mufasa movie too. I'm be like Jesus Christ. But get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now we got Justin the mess coming up. Yeah, So Chris Brown just dropped a $500 million lawsuit. He is tired of people trying to, to defame his name and we gonna talk about it. Alright, we'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. You music is real weather. Just Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare. Nobody Bro. Why Jess Worldwide Mess On The Breakfast Club. She's the coach.


Lauren, Lauren LaRosa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. Alright y'all. So Chris Brown is over. He's tired of people coming for him about things that are not true. According to him, he actually just dropped a $500 million lawsuit. The lawsuit is because of a docuseries that Id did called Chris Brown, A History of Violence. So Chris Brown is saying this docuseries that y'all put out is a bunch, is full of a bunch of lies. He's accusing Warner Brothers, discovery, ample and a couple other individuals who are be behind the scenes or behind the series of promoting and publishing defamatory claims against them. Now he says that this happened after he reached out and they were provided proof that the narrative that they were gonna go with in this docu, this docuseries, according to him, was completely false.


Chris Brown is saying that the Jane Doe, who is like the center of this docuseries, has been discredited several times and that he's actually never been found guilty of any sex related crime. But he believes, and he feels like this docuseries paints him as a serial rapist and a sexual abuser, even though he's never been found guilty of anything in relation to those two things. He says that the doc was based on a lawsuit that Jane Doe filed that she later withdrew, withdrew because according to him, the lawsuit was full of lies. Now this is something that happened back in 2022 that was a woman on a boat who accused him of, of some things. And then it was withdrawn. Her lawyer backed away and he says, look, I've spent 10 years plus trying to rebuild my reputation and this doesn't help.


He says that, you know, he acknowledges in the doc that there are past things, right? Like he's taking accountability for things like physical assault of Rihanna. But he says that this documentary is pushing a old narrative that isn't supported by anything that is factual. And because of this, he has been impacted both his reputation, his career, and his business opportunity. So he wants his 500 million and if he's awarded the 500 million, he plans to donate part of this money to victims of sexual abuse. That right there is a fantastic lawsuit. 'cause folks been playing with Chris Brown name for years and the network as big as was Discovery id, right? Discovery id, Warner Brothers is mentioned and a few other places as well. Yeah, they decided to jump out there and do a whole documentary for TV based on accusations and allegations that haven't been proven anywhere.


See, a lot of times these allegations and accusations are made on social media or they're set on YouTube. There's nothing to gain by suing those bottom feeders. But when you can sue all those big companies and corporations, oh, it's worth it. And I love it. 'cause I think it sets a precedent because if, if you notice now everybody's doing a documentary, right? Yeah. Everybody's doing a documentary based off of anything that they see on, on social media. So the fact that he does that now anybody that's thinking about doing a documentary about a celebrity, that's somebody that has some money that can possibly sue, you gotta think twice. Yeah. And same way I feel like you shouldn't be able to press charges, you know, and, and remain anonymous as Jane Doe. Why would you create a whole documentary for TV based on the allegations Of a Jane though? Makes no sense. That Don't make any sense to me. And, and, and we know nobody cares about the truth from the lies we entertaining, but you have to care about the truth when you are a multi-million dollar corporation, right?


Yeah. And, and to correct. I said 2022. This was back in 2020. But most of the time I will say that these documentaries, if they do them correctly, they base 'em on like court docs and stuff like that. But you are supposed to follow up and say, this was not, we found that this was not correct, this was withdrawn. Like you have to clarify that. So we'll see how this plays out now in other court news, ASAP Rocky, we talked yesterday about ASAP Rocky, the trial started for the alleged situation with him in ASAP Bre. Yep. So ASAP Rocky went to court yesterday. He was in court yesterday in LA and this was just basically for him to plead guilty, not guilty. They also presented him with a, with a a deal. And they, they offered him, he rejected the deal, but they offered him, in exchange for him pleading guilty to one assault charge, he would only have to serve 180 days in county jail.


Three years of prob probation and a seven year suspended prison sentence. And ASAP Rocky said, no, not not happening. I'm gonna take this to trial. He must trial know. He, he must know he gonna win that case. 'cause Emini here, if there was actual footage, I seen that. Didn't they say there was footage or something like that? There is video. The one, the video that I saw though is there's a lot of like shoving back and forth. You can't really make out a lot. But I don't know. There is video. There's, there's two videos. There's one, it's a closer up video and you see all the shoving. It's, it's ASAP Rocky and ASAP Rally in the video. And there's like somebody in between and then there's a, a bigger video. There's like Broad Street view. Yeah. Where you see where this is allegedly where the shooting part took place. He must know without a doubt that he's gonna get off because you know, you think about it, they basically gonna give you 180 days, which is still, which is still time.


Yeah. But in LA they commute everybody's sentence because the jails are overpopulated, right? So most people in in LA only do a percentage of the time. So he must know for a fact that he's good money


Piece of the planet Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide that everything you're into or want to get into, whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want at service, you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


He's looking Emini here if, if, if he doesn't beat this, taking it to trial. He's looking at up to 24 years in jail, as we mentioned yesterday. Yeah, I Hope, hope like I, yeah, I hope Rocky knows something we don't know. Yeah, because I would've took that dude. Yeah. Would I'm not risking being away from Rihanna for 25 years And his babies. Right. And y'all know he's super bad. Yeah, the babies too. Yeah. And, and just for those who don't, who didn't listen yesterday or don't know, he's accused of firing a gun four times at a former friend who is ASAP rally back in H in Hollywood back in 2021. So that's another one we just come to watch and see how it Goes. Yeah, I ain't playing with people Like Thes. I ain't playing with the jurors like that. Nah, Nah. I don, they don't know the coach. They see me come in with corn rolls thing. I'm a thug automatically. NI do my honey. I'm Not surprised that he didn't.


I am. I'm not surprised I that, but I'm not surprised that he did it. You better hope the jury full of Rihanna fans and he tells him like, look man, if y'all put me away, y'all never get another album. Okay. So Yo, so in other news for the hour, Bernice King in Sexy Red, two names. I didn't think that I would ever put in one sentence at a time, but they had a little back and forth online yesterday. So you guys know Monday was Martin Luther King Day. People were posting and celebration and Sexy Red actually posted this photo right here. This is an AI photo. She posted this to Twitter. She's Not twerking on them because that's the first thing people are gonna think. Well she twerking. She's not twerking. It's Slow Dancing is not yet for anybody who can't see it, who's listening.


Sexy Red is not twerking on Martin Luther King. They are in a very like, they're like dancing. She's like, they was slow dancing. Yeah. Like she's slow dancing. She's holding his hand. He's staring in her eyes. She's staring in his eyes again. The AI generated photo, it went crazy viral by The way y'all was doing Martin Dirty way before ai. Okay, y'all had Martin with Hennessy bottles in his hand. Correct? Y'all had Martin on Meek Mill body standing in front of Phantoms. Y'all was doing them women before. I saw a video yesterday, women talking about who would be the best tipper in the strip club. Martin Luther King or Malcolm X. That's wild. It was insane. But Bernice King, who was the daughter of Martin Luther King, came out and said, this is intentionally distasteful, dishonoring deplorable and disrespectful to my family and my father, who is not here to respond himself because he was assassinated for working for your civil human rights and end, end to end war and poverty.


Please delete. So sexy red responded and she said, you ain't wrong. Never meant to disrespect your family. My apologies just reposted something I saw And I thought that it was innocent. I loved how that was handled. Me too. I loved the fact 'cause Bernice wasn't wrong and the King family been telling y'all to stop playing with they daddy likeness. And Sexy Red handled it like an adult. I respect it. Big sexy handled it well. And Martin would be the better tip in the script club. I just wanna put that out there. You think so? Absolutely. Why? You just, I just think he would be Why? I think y'all should all read The Sword in the Shield too. It's a fantastic book. All right. That talks about Martin Luther King Jr. And Malcolm X and the Revolutionary lives that they lived just by Pinene e Joseph.


It's called The Sword in the Shield. They actually did a documentary about it too, but it's a fantastic book. The girls in the video was saying it probably would've been Malcolm X 'cause he was more of like a street like outside. Well Then I don't know, I'm not, once again, I'm not here to talk clearly. None of these people know anything about Martin Luther King Jr. But they said Martin Luther King, nevermind. Yep. Be quiet. Read The book. The Sword in the Shield Telling stories. The revolutionary Was you there for that too? At Martin Luther King Jr. I'm not there for that. That is some wild content to create on Martin Luther King data, right? Like that's the best y'all could come up with. Who's the best crippled? Shout out to big homie Kodak Strip the best then it's just, And I hate that. I can't believe, I hate that Your mind even thinks about, well who would be the Best?


I can't believe he was about to go into story detail. I'm not, he ain't learned his lesson yet. I just Tell Neil e Joseph The Sword and the Shield, the revolutionary lives of Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr. Came out in 2020. You should go get it. Read it. It's a great book. Did. And they did a documentary about it too. Okay. All right, well that is just with the mess with Lo and la roll. So now when we come back, we got front page news and then Anita AK will be joining us. Her new book, the Win on Her Tongue is out right now. Keeping It Locked It The Breakfast Club. Good morning, your Chicken Out The Breakfast Club. Good Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. So let's get in some front page news. Now let me salute to the New York Yankees own CC sathia.


He's a first time ballot hall of famer. He was inducted yesterday, so congratulations to CC ak. That's pretty big. Now what else we got Morgan, Former vice president Kamala Harris left the nation's capitol and went straight to visit Southern California where she surveyed the Eaton fire burn zone in Altadena Harris. And former second gentleman, Doug Mh spoke with fire victims at a repair shop hosting a World Central Kitchen site. The couple met them with, met with firefighters at Fire Station 12 and a fire station to respond to the Eaton fire and thank them for their service. Harris added context to her visit saying the home she shares with the second gentleman was in a mandatory evacuation zone due to the Palisades fire.


However they were luck. One of the lucky ones now Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass, she's also taking steps to expedite debris cleanup. Let's hear more of those comments from those officials out west of VP Harris and La Mayor Karen Bass. We are some of the lucky ones. Our home is still standing. We wanted to come out and in particular to this extraordinary community and just let people know that we see them and that they are cared for. I signed an executive order to expedite debris removal slash regulations, preventing swift rebuilding and establishing a framework to secure additional regulatory relief and resources. Salute Kamala Harris.


You know what I'm saying? She's a public servant to the heart. But I want her to go get some rest. I really do. I'm not even even joking. She Has to be doing this. She should. No she don't. She wants to, but yeah, She she did that 'cause she wanted to. She don't gotta do that. She, she's she's she don't have no duties. Like she's not So now she's good. She don't have to do anything if she doesn't want to. No, nothing official. No. She should take a vacation to Charlemagne's Point. Absolutely go, get's back to Work. Go get some rest. Kamala, we appreciate Rest. That's Absolutely, we appreciate you. We appreciate how you, you know, rose to the occasion. You know when Biden stepped out way too late. But you know, go get some rest. All right, so switching gears. More than 15 Democratic attorneys generals are suing to block President Trump's executive order that aims to end birthright citizenship. Now Trump signed the executive order after being sworn in to office on Monday.


The lawsuit argues the executive order violates the 14th amendment that grant citizenship to all children born in the US despite where their parents may have come from attorneys generals opposing the executive order includes those from New York, New Jersey, California, Massachusetts, Arizona Civil rights groups also challenge the executive order shortly after Trump signed it. Now New Jersey Attorney General Matthew Kin says the move is unconstitutional. It would harm children and they're prepared to defend birthright citizenship in the state of New Jersey. Now he said the 14th Amendment clearly states again, as I mentioned before, that the citizenship of children born in the US doesn't depend on that of their parents. And that the country has followed this basic rule for more than 150 years.


Let's hear more from Ag Platon. The executive order renders many children board on American soil without citizenship creating for the first time a class of American board children whose health and wellbeing are threatened by their own government. It's so that a President Congress, the majority cannot simply change a right on a whim. This is a right that was codified in one of the most important amendments ever codified in our nation's. Nearly two and a half century history. Yeah. Any thoughts on that? You guys, you guys know some friends that got some babies or you know, maybe you, you know, some friends Emini here. I have friends who you know, were born here and then, you know, their parents were from other places.


What are your thoughts on it? Emini here? I know a lot of people, especially being in New York and, and the Caribbean culture that envy. Right. They know I'm Dominican. I am not Dominican. And we want both my parents were born here, Dominican And I Caribbean Salute to all my Caribbean. Start saying that for Trump. Really? Like take a look and Yeah, would be crazy if they deport me. Ice. Ice. Hilarious. No, that wouldn't be funny. That would be, And I gotta prove, I gotta get my birth Certificate. Especially if they do here. We'll need another situation of anything up here. Would you if they come here to do it? Oh my god, Jesus Christ. I would be In. That's how funny, I'm sure somebody's reporting me right now. DJ Envy, Rashaun k Quez or whatever, they gonna try to call me and they gonna say ice And they're gonna send you to the wrong island because Dominican Republic is not doa.


Thank you. Whoever called to report in B they gonna be like, is this Mr. McKelvy again? This Kel you called me a hundred times already. You told. Oh my gosh. So San Diego de Democratic congresswoman Sarah Jacobs, she's taking aim at it at the executive order President Trump signed that has targeted towards the border. Jacobs says this will not only hurt and frighten the Latino communities, but it could also put a dent in San Diego's and Tijuana's border crossing business. Jacobs. She addressed the Democratic, she also addressed the Democratics Party's loss due to a lack of clear messaging. Let's hear more from San Diego, democratic congresswoman Sarah Jacobs. A lot of what he's trying to do, in particular, getting rid of the CBP one app, sending the military to the border, designating the cartels as foreign terrorist organizations is actually going to make the border less orderly.


I think a lot of my colleagues really were so focused on unemployment that they missed that even though unemployment is low and people had jobs, they couldn't afford the basics of living with jobs. And I think that's something we as Democrats took too long to recognize. Yeah, Emini here, that's what, that's the sentiment that you continue to echo Charlamagne. Meanwhile, the Trump administration says it is already taking some illegal MI migrants into custody for deportation. Dozens of people have already been arrested after being accused of running a street gang from prison with ties to a Mexican mafia. This is also in San Diego County, district Attorney Steph Summer. Steven says one of the gang leaders was a death row inmate from National City who was convicted of killing three people but moved to general population after California.


Pause the death penalty. Let's hear more from San Diego County DA Summer Stephen. There is the largest prison gang that's been around for 50 years is the Mexican mafia or refer to as me and that Mexican mafia shot callers. They basically give orders from prison. They were taxing businesses, both legitimate and illegitimate businesses like the old style mafia committing murder, exploding Molotov cocktails and the businesses that don't respond to their call for taxes. Yeah. So I guess we'll see more of those type of roundups.


But yeah, it's already underway and like you said, they're looking to surprise people. So, but that's your front page news. Happy hope date. Alright, I'm Morgan Wood. Make sure you follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app. Visit us@binews.com. Have A good day. Now when we come back, Anita Kak will be joining us. Her new book, the Wind on Her Tongue is out now and we'll talk to her. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building.


Yes, indeed. He's back with a new book out right now, the Wind on Her Tongue. Ladies and gentlemen, Anita ak welcome. Thank you. Thank you. It is so awesome to be back here. That's right. Book two of the daughters of th the Daughter of Three Waters Trilogy. Yes, yes, yes. Tell us what wind on her tongue is all about Anita. So the wind on her tongue is about Oya, who is the daughter of Yme, whom our first novel Shallow Waters is about. Yah. And so Oya is her daughter. And not only in my stories but in the ancient parables and in the, the religion of the Yoruba people. The Iffa. And so Oya is the goddess of the wind and storms and so many other things.


But I think one of the things that mainstream might know her as like storm the character in black X-Men. Oh she is kind of fashioned after Oya. So Oya can like change the weather and bring So this year, which is 2025 is a number nine year. That's right. Which is Oya change number. Yes. The end. Right. This is the end. This is when there's a lot of transformation. Things are moving fast. And we can tell as soon as 2025 started, right? Like what this year is. And so this is really the energy of Oya. And that was not on purpose that this book was coming out on a year nine.


So In the opening of the book, it's, it's not like that first chapter. I don't know if it's the forward or the the note, but you talk about how like in black communities we're not really allowed to talk about these like folklores that other communities and other ethnic ethnicities are able to talk about. And it made me think about how like with your grandma, even with my grandma, certain things, she's like, turn that off. That's demon moer. That's not God. Or, but then they have certain things that they lean into. How do you have those conversations with your family? 'cause you're putting this on the forefront and I'm sure some of your family is like, girl, what are you doing? Absolutely. And the thing is, is that I've had these conversations like way earlier from the beginning. 'cause I would be like, well what do you mean? Like we can't learn about our history.


We can't learn about our like gods and goddesses, our parables. Right. Our stories. Why is it demonic? Who said it's demonic? We know who said it's demonic. Right. And so it's like we've I've definitely You mean white people? White people. Yeah, exactly. My grandma and my aunts be saying it, but they got it from somewhere. Well that, but they got it from somewhere. Right. They got it from somewhere. 'cause it's like, it's, it's where our ancestors are from. It's us. It's like who we are. And so even if you're not gonna practice the religion, you know like, it's like, oh, but can't we know our history? Like why is it demonic? To know our history, to know the stories and they know them. Like if you think of like some of the prac, the whooo practice practices, it's like in our families, like you know, if you're going to the beginning of the year, you wanna have black eye peas, you know, fried chicken.


Exactly. And so it's like, we're doing it, but there's just that, that fine line. But I think more and more people are waking up because it's in us. It's in us. And like it, a part of it is our power. Remembering our power, remembering who we are. And so there's not really any stopping. We can burn books, we can do whatever it is you, it's inside of us. It's inside of us. And it's some point, some of us are gonna remember, some of us are gonna write it down. Right. And who knows who's gonna be inspired by this book. Right. To create more things and remember more things. So what Made you dive into all of this? I know you were here before you, you briefly explained, but for people that that this is the first time hearing, what made you dive into this part of it?


So to me, I felt like y Meah like dove into me. 'cause I was, I would say curious, but not like, I wasn't, I I wasn't practicing the religion or anything, but I had a lot of friends who were, and someone had told me that yah watched over our ancestors as they came over on the slave ships. And I was just like, what? We had a black mermaid. Like watching over us, watching over the Souls that jumped off. And I was like, what is this? I was like, I don't know these stories. And, And I'm a curious person. So I was like, I, I wanna learn about this. And so as I was diving in, I just felt so connected.


The more and more I learned, the more I felt like I woke up, the more I felt like I was going home. And I was like, what is this? And so at some point I decided to, you know, write the book. And as I was writing the book, to me it felt like for shallow waters, it felt like y mea was sitting at the edge of the bed telling me the story. And, and so there were things that I had to look up after to make sure that, you know, histor there, these are both historical fiction. And so the history part, I definitely had to like look up, make sure that it all made sense. And of course, you know, the publishers, they helped me with that as well too, to keep me on point.


But I would say if I just felt such a calling to it. And then what was interesting was when Shallow Waters came out, African Ancestry got ahold of me and they're like, do you wanna see like where your ancestry's from? I was like, yeah, actually that would be kind of dope. And it is. It's Yoruba and Haa. Wow. And so I was like, oh, it's because it was, it's in me. Got you. That's why I felt so connected. You Know, you wrote an article for People Magazine, break it Down, the parallels between Wickeds Elba, how say Pronou The name Elba Elba. Yes. And, and Oye. And how they defy the gravity of social norms and expectations. Break, break that down. Mm.


So when I wash Wicked And I saw Alphabet's character, I was like, oh, this is Oya. Right? Like, like how nobody understands her. How when she gets mad, this power comes out of her. She doesn't understand the power and then someone else has to understand it first. You know, help her to like hone it. And there were so many things how she just stood up against societal norms Right. And was able to be herself. And she did have to go through her own journey and different relationships in order to do that. So Oya is, is very similar where she has this power within her of the storm and gathering up, right.


The energy of the nature and all of these things. And in the beginning it just happens when she's mad. Right. And I don't wanna tell the story, but you know. That's right. She learns about herself and about her powers. And what was really cool about what I found out after I wrote that article is that who Alphabets character is fashioned after, which is Matilda Joscelyn Gage. That's Tilly in Shallow Waters. Wow. That's Matilda Joscelyn G Like when I was doing like the research and everything And I was like, I like this woman. Like she was a white woman. She was a suffragette. She fought for black and indigenous rights. She fought for even child slavery as far as like trafficking back then.


She did so many things And I was like, I like this woman. So I made her Tilly, and she, that's who alphabet's fashion actor. Wow. I had no idea. Now you talk About the, the 16th truths. Break that down a little bit. Oh, Oh, oh, listen, okay. I put that onto my Instagram because I don't know everything about Iffa. Right? And I know like, one, like one of the truths that is very important is know thyself, right? Like really knowing yourself. So the Orishas are like the, the energies that represent the different, the natural forces in The World. So this is, she's a storm weather. Ya Meah was the ocean, right?


So they're not necessarily gods and goddesses. We, I just, we Just say that for the purpose here, right? So they're, they're more like spirits. And so even before you really know who's on your head, that's what they will say, who's on your head. Like what Orisha rules you, you have to know yourself. And so really connecting to yourself and your ancestors and what you were born for that, you know, to me, would be one of like the most important truths in Iffa All. We got more with Anita Kak when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the God We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess.


We're still kicking with Anita Kak. Her new book, the Wind on Her Tongue is out right now. Charlamagne, You know, I, I want you to go deeper into who Oye is, right? Because you dedicate the book to a lot of your friends who have experienced, you know, stillborn births and miscarriages. And Oye is an African goddess who watches over women who have had stillborns and miscarriages. So can you expound on that a little bit? Yes. That just gave me chills because to know that there is an energy or a goddess out there that is watching over women who have lost children. So I've told you about my time when I went to Peru And I did Ayahuasca and San Pedro, right? And so when I did San Pedro, my ancestors came to me.


Well, San Pedro. So San Pedro is, I believe it's a cactus and it's a drug, I guess Plant-based medicine. A plant-based medicine. Plant-based medicine. Plant medicine. And, and so you, you go into the space, like you just get deeper in touch with this, with the energies around. To me it felt like I was more in touch with the invisible energies that are around. And so my ancestors came to me and they said, what is happening right now is that so many of us are dealing with the loss of children, whether it was us or our ancestors down the line, who had lost children, lost children through, through death, through being taken away in, during slavery.


So many people are suffering from that, that we're trying to hold on to everything. So that's why people have clutter. That's why people think they have to keep things and like, like as if we can own anything, ever. Right? Right. And so that's what the ancestors told me. And so then when I found out that Oya watches over women who had lost babies in any form, right? Like the stillbirths, miscarriages, even abortions, right? Like, it's like you've, you've lost a child and she helps with the healing and she helps with, you know, getting us, because she is the goddess of the storm.


She's the goddess of transformation. So she moves things around so that if there is a healing like that, that needs to happen because that's such a deep wound. She comes and she blows the away so that you can heal. It's crazy because in your writing, a lot of times I can relate it to things like how you talked about like the black eye peas and the fried chicken. And I'm like, oh yeah, that's what they were doing. But with that, I couldn't relate it to anything. And I'm like, I don't think I've ever had a conversation in my family just about what happens if you have a miscarriage and how you feel. I don't even know. I'm sure it has happened, but I don't know any close family members that have ever talked to me about it. Yeah. Because people don't talk about it and they definitely have, right?


Like someone has, it's in all of our families, right? If it hasn't happened to you, it's like happened to someone who's close to you. And it's, a lot of times people just go through it in silence and go to work right? In a couple days and, and not, you know, like not be able to deal with it. And we know that if we hide things away, they just keep growing and growing and growing. And so it's so important to have a place and a way to heal from these things. And I'm also a spiritual psychologist. I do deal with people in that way as far as guiding people through trauma and things like that. I do it with the Goddess Wisdom Council.


We have a retreat that's coming up in Costa Rica. So a lot of times I work with women who have experienced some form of sexual trauma. That's one of my things that I work with a lot. And what is interesting with that too is that it's not always directly like a woman can be like, oh my gosh, I don't remember anything happening to me, but I notice the way I act. It's as if something happened. So it could be something that she doesn't remember or it could be something that happened in her family line because if it did happen to her grandmother, right? Like she's passing it down. Like what's inside of us is what was in our ancestors. So here, see Now can You break down the parallels that you make with Oya and the black woman trope, angry black woman.


And then you talk about duality too. 'cause you talk about how like the hurricanes are like so strong and people hate them, but then after sometimes they reveal beautiful things that people come together to get through them. Yes, yes. So that was actually one of the things that came up for me with Oya a lot because I was actually kind of afraid at first to write about her. 'cause I was like, oh, Oya scares me a little bit. She's a beast. She's an unbeatable warrior. Like that's who she is. She's an unbeatable warrior. Like, like don't fuck with her. And I was like, oh, I'm a little bit scared to write about Oya. And then when I started like learning about her and writing about her and listening to her, I was like, oh, it's like the angry black woman.


Like people being afraid of the angry black woman. I was like, she's not angry. She's just powerful and just 'cause you can't handle it. Right? Just 'cause I couldn't handle it, right? Like from what I thought about her, it was like, no, she is just powerful. And I think it's that misunderstanding. Like people misunderstand that like a black person, a black woman is just a saying what she needs. Oh, she's angry, right? She's just telling people that she doesn't like something. Oh, she's angry. And we know other people say that they don't like things all the time. White, white people, other white, especially white men. Exactly. Do you think that these goddesses possess you when you're writing? Like do they, are they like guiding you?


Like, Hey, I need you to tell this story about me, So I gotta tell you something. Because yes, I had an experience like that, so I didn't necessarily feel like that. So with Yemy, I felt like she was sitting at the edge of my bed, right? Telling me, with Oya, I didn't feel like I was possessed. But at the end when I finished writing, I like the, after I wrote the last word, I was like, let me go downstairs. I put on some music And I started dancing. And all of a sudden I just started bawling crying. And it felt like she was coming out of me. Like, it was just like, And I don't know where these tears were coming from, it was just like, And I was just like, oh my gosh, was she, I didn't, I it didn't feel like it, I don't know, I don't know what it feels like to be possessed, but it didn't feel like it in that way.


But it did feel like I was definitely guided. She was telling me the story. She was telling me who needed to be in it. You know, some of the characters I, I love to work with, with historical figures. So like Marie Lavo and Mary Ellen Pleasant. So Ellen is named Ellen Mary, Ellen Pleasant. Is Ellen in the book? Because sometimes she was, people called her Ellen or Mamie Pleasant. But anyway, when I was looking up Mary Ellen Pleasant, I was like, who is this woman? How come I don't know about her? She before Madame CJ Walker, she was the first self-made millionaire woman. And this is not just black women, it's women. She's the first one before Madam CJ Walker.


And I was like, well, how come I didn't learn about her? Well, it's because she was a voodoo queen. So I don't wanna teach that in school. She was also a madam. That's not how she made like most of the her money, but she co-founded Bank of California, which is now Wells Fargo. She's did so many things invested in like in gold, silver, a lot of real estate. And the thing is, while she was doing this, because of the time she was pretending that she was a mammy. So she was pretending that she was the help, right? So she would dress up like the help, she had a 30 room mansion when people came by, she would pretend she was the help.


And then she would like serve the, the white men would be talking about the investments they're making. And she would take that and go do her inside training. Training. Wow. She was like, she was like the spook who sat by the door in a way. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. All we got more with Anita ak, when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking with Anita Kak, her new book, the Wind on Her Tongue is out right now. Charlemagne, When I read Shallow Water's four or five years ago, whenever it was, I didn't know it was gonna end up being a a trilogy. Did you Know that? I I didn't know either. Okay, but but listen, when the people kept going, it's a trilogy.


And I was like, no, no, it's done. The story finished. It's done. Oh, so People said that to you. People, So many people, theyre like, it's a trilogy. It's a trilogy. Well, I wonder why a trilogy? I wonder why. I don't know. Why doesn't it keep going on? So well, the daughter of Three Waters, let me tell you where that comes from, okay? Because in Cuba, usually you have


The New Year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really, prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night Football and Prime Video, and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks, Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game? Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot


com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Consider this is a Daily News podcast and lately the news is about a big question. How much can one guy change Day one change? What will change look like for energy drill, Baby drill, we're gonna schools take the department education, close It, healthcare better And less expensive. Follow coverage of a changing country. Promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our promises On. Consider this from NPR. Listen on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts,


Just the two Orishas on your head. A a male and a female. And so that would be who like kind of rules you or rules kind of the energies of your life. They have one thing in Cuba where if it feels like you have and hun they'll say, oh, that's a daughter of, of of two waters. Because you can have that in in Cuba, everywhere else they don't really have that. And so I was like, oh, well OA feels like water for me too. So that's why I made that a daughter of three waters. Gotcha. So do you know what the third installment is gonna be about? I do. Oh, okay. It's already came you. I do. Are you gonna share it? Not yet. I do. Most people probably will figure out that it is hun.


So it will be hun And I do have the story, but I haven't. Is Shun sitting on the edge of your bed or have he She is. Okay. She's, Wait, okay. Wait, I'm, I'm trying to think if I should be sharing this yet. Probably not. Okay, let's focus on the wind on our tongue then. It's out right now. You said something in your dedication that I found interesting too. You said shed do your mom, dad, and sisters for putting up with you as a child. Then you shouted at your children for putting up with you as an adult. I Is there anything from your childhood that you have bought with you into adulthood that made you say, say, I can't imagine adulthood parenthood like this as a Child I was definitely like this as a child. Emini here. I, I was, I was very introverted though.


I was quiet, but I was very much in my own world, like in this magical world all the time. And for my kids, I'm kind of more like one of the kids. It's not necessarily how I thought I would adult. I thought I was gonna be a little bit more strict. My mom, she's amazing, but she was definitely strict with us as well. Mom, I love you. That's, she's amazing. But you know, I couldn't around. I thought I was gonna be like that and you know, I, I tried to be strict at for one second and to see like, like my kid, the way they responded to it, I was like, Nope, they don't Take you serious. Huh? This no, they don't take you serious. Are they artists as well? Like they are.


Well, my two girls are. Okay. And then my son is math science. Got you. Yeah. And I, my oldest one, Sadie, she's, she's 20, she's at NYU, she's like doing film and then Tela is a senior in high school and really into singing. She's actually, she is writing the songs for Shallow Waters, the musical. Wow. Oh wow. Wow. And I like, she came in, you know, I was like, she's 17-year-old. I was like, okay. Yeah. She's like, I have a song And I wanna sing to you. I had chills. I was like, oh, let's do it. Lin Manuel, where are you? So you want shallow water to be a musical? Yo, When she sang the things I was like, yo, yeah, you, you don't even know.


I was like, okay, we're we're doing this. Let me, let me find Lin Manuel. So, so she's into like the arts and then my son Mayan is math science. He's, he told me he can't imagine a world where he's not figuring something out like math wise. So they're all like parts of me. Yeah. But you know, it's interesting because when you talk about these books being filmed, if you've ever read Shallow Water, if you read the Wind on her tongue, you're going to feel like you're, you know, watching a motion picture. Like that's how much this stuff pops out, you know, on the page. So I know that's the next evolution of these stories. Yeah, they're gonna be on the big screen or the small screen. They're gonna be on the screen. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Absolutely. Going back Real quick to something you said about voodoo, what point in The World did that switch? Because like, even when you're talking about it, I'm like, Ooh, I saying this word so much is like a no-no. Yeah. Especially around like your older older people, your Family. When did it switch from like, these people were healers roots to, this is bad, stay away from it. You're possessed and you can't watch scary movies. Yeah. Like when did that switch? So that switched all during slavery when, when the, the Africans were enslaved. So they needed to keep us away from our religions. They needed to keep us away from our spirituality, from our language. And so in order to, to do that, it's, they demonized it. And not only that, if you practice it, a lot of people were killed or beaten.


And so all of these things were like, I guess beaten into us, right? And then there was a point where the fact that it survive, right? Like what, what you resist persists, right? Like you can't beat outta people. It, it just doesn't work. Like the more you try to do that, the more the person becomes stronger in that. And so it's like these spirituality, the religion, all of these things survived these these times. And a lot of times they kind of hid it behind Catholicism because Catholicism works with Saints, right? And so each candle, right, like would be a certain saint, but there'd be like, oh yeah, but this is actually yah behind the saint.


And so they were able to, to work with their religion through Catholicism. Alright, Well the new book, the Wind on Her Tongue is out right now. That's right When she would pick it up. That's it's available via Black Privilege Simon and shoots the publishing man. And you know Anita, it, how do you feel for your second book? You know, you wrote Shallow Waters. How does this feel to have another book published? It feels so good. Like I feel so grateful to you. Like the fact that you saw me, you recognize me, you recognize the work, you recognize the words that needed to be out there, the stories that needed to be out there. I feel so grateful that I'm able to get these stories out into the public and it, I would say that's how I feel.


Deep, deep gratitude. Well if you are looking for some escapism rooted in some realism, the wind on her tongue body, the PAC is available right now everywhere you buy books and the audio book is read by your sister. It is. Oh was I was listening to it this morning. Yes. The audio book is read by my sister Michelle Katch and also shout out to Yai for bringing us together. Absolutely Yai. And she wanted to try to come to, but she wasn't able to. So yes. And tonight we will be at Green Light Bookstores. Yes. 7:30 PM It's on Fulton Street In Brooklyn. Yes, yes. Yeah, it's on Fulton Street. So we'll be there tonight at 7:30 PM having a conversation about the wind on her tongue.


So we'll see you all there tonight. Alright. Yes. Green Light Bookstore in Brooklyn 7:30 PM Pick Up the book now. And we appreciate you for joining us this morning. It's Nita AKs Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Dej Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who with Lauren? Lauren Osa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me.


Alright guys, in breaking news, my wife star Natalie Dito is currently missing. This comes after she was listed as a no show for two flights home. She was leaving Vegas. So background of the story, my wife Star was in Vegas and right now she's the subject of a missing persons report after she didn't get on those two flights. Now law enforce enforcement sources are saying that there was a report filed for Natalie, best known from her appearing on season five of my wives. This it says this morning in Las Vegas. That was yesterday. So yesterday the missing persons report was filed because she didn't get on those two flights. Now Natalie's family is very concerned at this point.


They spoke to cops in Philadelphia where she also visited earlier this month. And they're basically just at this point trying to figure out what's going on. Natalie's mother, Denise tell, told an outlet told TMZ that she spoke to Natalie seven days ago. She had actually had her own FaceTime. Denise Natalie's mom says, during the brief conversation, Natalie rushed off the phone, didn't clarify where she was or who she was with just telling her mom that she had to go. Natalie said, Natalie's mom is saying that it's unclear if her daughter was with anybody and that she just seemed a little bit nervous and distressed after the brief phone call. And Denise is saying that the conversation left her very concerned and she tried to call her her daughter back on both of her cell phones, but neither were working at the time.


And she's been trying to get in contact with her over the last few days, which prompted her to contact police in Philly. I guess that's because along the lines of like where her flight would've been traveling. Right. And according to Natalie's mom, the last update she received was from one of Natalie's friends, a guy named Ben who allegedly told her on Monday that the my wife star was in Las Vegas and had reached out to him for help getting home on a flight. Now she was flying back to Florida. So we I reached out to Renee Graziano. Yeah. Who Was her ex, my wife from the Shelter ex my wife. Yes. She know to Renee. Yes. I reached out to her and she also said that she spoke to Natalie on the 14th. She said that when she spoke to Natalie on the 14th, Natalie was distress. She said that she was in Las Vegas, but she told Renee that she was not comfortable and that she asked Renee to reach out to some people.


She then later that day called Natalie back and she, Natalie told her, Hey, one of my friends got me, they're gonna take care of my flight home. She was flying back to Florida. The friend that Renee is referencing, I'm assuming is the guy named Ben, who Natalie's mom is saying, helped him with, helped her with the flight. So Renee says, then she took some days because she was sick. She then spoke to Natalie again at, after two o'clock on the 17th. And Natalie told her, Hey, I'm headed home. But she didn't sound happy. She sounded still very distressed, very uncomfortable. Wasn't like her normal self. So now at this point, Renee and a lot of other of Natalie's friends along with her family are panicking. They're getting together. Renee told me that they actually were on the phone. Her Claudia, Jordan and a couple other ladies were on the phone for some hours over these last couple days just trying to piece together.


Last time people have talked to her right what she was saying. And they don't know who she was with either, but they, but Renee told me that she do, does believe that Ali was by herself. And when I asked why was she even in Vegas, 'cause I don't see that in any reports. She's saying that she does a lot of work with boxing and different appearances. So maybe that's why she was there. Are The police doing their job? Are they investigating? The police are investigating as well. And I, and from what I was told, they're actually looking at like hotel camera footage and things of that nature. So just praying for a safe return That's horrible of Natalie. It is. I can't imagine being a parent and getting that phone Call. No, not not, not at all. And, And I, And I tell everybody, and I'm not, I'm not anybody that's signed to the app or anything like that, but I use Life 360, which you can tell you where your phone is at all times.


You know what Emini here. So I always say put that on your app, put that on your wife's app, your husband's app, your kids' app. So that way you can get kind of like a timeline. Of course you won't know everything, but you can get kind of a, a thorough timeline of, of all the things that that happened. It's Very scary. Yeah. It tells you praying for the best. It tells you where they are, their last locations. Yes. What, what area they're close to. Yep. Yeah. And it tells you what time if even if you turn your phone off, it tells you where you turned your phone off, how fast you were going if you were in a vehicle, in a car. And that app is totally free. Like I said, I use it with my kids all the time, but gives me kind of like a, a little sense of, of calmness when my kids are out and about. Not many people out there who cheat, who use Life 360. Like do you, do you, do you do that type of gamble with your life? Do you download Life 360 knowing if somebody Cheat, they definitely not using life.


I'm just asking. Depends. It's some crazy people. Like I was gonna say, it depends definitely because I know people with trackers on their car who use trackers is there and they still get busy. And then my friends be having, because don't play with my friends. I do know some person that when he does go out, he puts his phone at the club like in the bushes by the club. So he just always, nevermind if You got do on that, you should not be in a relat Relationship. Never. Nevermind. How You gonna snitch on somebody and then say nevermind. I said nevermind. I stopped And he always up here talking. I stopped. I took it back. He was the son of a cop. Okay, well never forget that. Speaking of people that be talking, okay Drake, Jesus. So Drake always in the girly mouths. Drake actually, you guys remember there's been that whole conversation about Drake and SSA and what they used to do, whether they read in a red or not.


'cause he mentioned her in the song. Well SSA was on hot ones. She was with Kiki Palmer and Issa Rae. And you know, they ask you questions and you got answer or you got to eat the really hot chicken. So they asked her about Drake, let's take a listen. Is Drake a good kisser? That's why I said in Van, ho, ho, ho. I like you say, I knew you were gonna do something that was so we have to gag him. He's not gonna answer. He must have been terrible. She Did, she answered. Was he good? Kiss her. You Are a real We were children. We were children. That was a sound of lies. 2009 we were children. Real Emini here, it's a simple good or not good. Yeah, it's really easy.


And the fact that you don't want to say one is Very telling. Very telling. Y'all try to double team me into guilt. 'cause you know, if I'm affected by it, y'all I'm affected by it is everything. Why we didn't know you was married. Issa is that And where did he come from? Huh? You be kissing and shit. This was a good hot ones episode. Okay. They got into some things, but to say we was young, we was 19. To me, that sounds like she saying he wasn't a good kisser. But I oblige. Y'all don't wanna have, y'all don't wanna talk about the kissing and the love? No. Can't say I care about that one. No, no. LL cool Banks. Well you know what, we're gonna share some love in the room because yesterday we missed a holiday.


Y'all are gonna celebrate with me, right? Just say yes. No, we, I don't Trust you. We missed National Hug Day yesterday. Speaking of love Envy Charlemagne, I need you guys to participate with me today. You too Happy. I am happy we made it through the week. Na, yesterday was National Hug Day. Didn't Make it through the week. It's only Wednesday. Listen, okay, when you leave the Poconos for three days and two bottles of Don Julio, I'm making it through the week. Y'all Being here hugging from the back, Don't know what type of fan stuff you got going on. I don't know where this came from, but no, Because I'm trying to uplift the spirit. Y'all, somebody we just talked about somebody missing. Y'all been here hugging from the back all the time. And I saw this holiday Day. You ain't never seen nobody in here hug from the back. This is not like a Reuben White party. I had video.


That is not how I was hugging from the back. Oh, now I got posted. What? Who hugged? Who? Yeah, who Hugged You Don't remember You had on that baby powder blue sweatsuit and he hugged you from the back. I ain't never hugged that man from the back. Well, just so you guys know, Tuesday, January 1st, 2025. Great. Look at things. National Hugging Day. It's an annual event dedicated to hugging in the United States. Created by Kevin Zarna, a Christian pastor and only a he A fan. He a fan. He a fan. But we missed it. It was Yesterday. I know, but I felt bad that we missed it. And when I saw it today, it was trending this morning on Twitter. Nah, nah bro, you a fan. If yesterday was National Hug Day, you should have got your hug yesterday. Freak as as auntie freak as freaky ass auntie at the cookout. Come and get an idea. Hug the whole I was love in the room.


'cause it was such a sad story that we just came up off of. I'm fine. It it broke my spirits a little bit. It was sad. Okay, congratulations. Y'all are horrible. Don't be here hugging after the song go off. I'm Not. And I'm posting that video you of y'all hugging from the back with that baby. That ain't Never happened. Okay? I ain't do it. You might have tried to hug me in from the back and you might've saw me fighting for my life, but you ain't never seen me hug me before. You know when you walk out the building, the the little spinning thing when you Walk out the building? Oh, now you wanna tell the story. Me and One time me and Charlamagne, I, we jumped in it together. See? See, here's the thing about this me and Charlemagne thing. Lemme tell you about this me and Charlemagne Thing. Story. Char minding his business record. They had me out here on a cliff by myself. Like they don't be in here hugging each other.


Like I just brought this holiday outta nowhere. Yo, I was trying to relate to what y'all be having going on the door kept spinning at me and Charlemagne Was stuck in that next spin around. First of all, I went through the door first and then this fool came running in the door after me because were you facing Up front the whole time y'all in? Or did you turn around? You Say what? Excuse me. What the hell just happened? Why? Why did he get so freaky? Why get so freaky out? What's the point? All right, why? Alright, That's just with the best. What you giving your donkey too, man? Whoa, I Hate this place today. Four after the hour grow up guys, I will give you all a reason to fat shame. I bet you nobody will be upset about the fat shaming that shall happen here in the next four to five minutes. Oh boy. We shall discuss, Get wobble Wobble.


Ready? Here's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you Are chicken out. The Breakfast Club Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go Read. They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve, the people need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell, tell. Tell Daddy it's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlemagne Toag damn Charlamagne. Who you giving dunk today to now? Well, sexy red Donkey today for Wednesday, January 22nd, goes to a 48-year-old Indiana woman named Jennifer Lee Wilson. Now I have a confession to make.


My name is Ard McKelvy. More commonly known to the public is Charlemagne tha God. And I am a notorious, notorious fat shamer. We know Some might even call me a bigot toward big backs, but I swear Emini here. Well, okay, I only make jokes on fat friends and family. Every other obese person I judge from afar. But today Jennifer Lee Wilson deserves to be fat shamed by us all. Jennifer Lee Wilson is the reason RFK Jr wants to ban high fructose corn syrup. Okay? She may become the face of federal food regulations because the last time I witnessed somebody weaponize their weight like Jennifer Lee, it was reishi from the WWE. What do you mean uncle? She weaponized her weight. Well, let's go to NBC five Chicago for the report please.


10-year-old Dakota Stevens had a smile that defied a difficult upbringing. The Indiana boy spent years in foster care and was killed. Prosecutors now say by his new foster mother, He did it the best that he could. Yeah. And unfortunately, you know, he fell victim to, to the system. His former foster family has spent weeks pushing for charges. And today Porter County prosecutors charged Jennifer Wilson with reckless homicide. Dakota had just been placed in her Valparaiso home when police say he ran off after a temper tantrum, even asking a neighbor to adopt him because his parents hit him in the face. But police say Wilson found and brought him back and he tried to run again.


So she laid her entire weight on his body. While calling the boy's caseworker Wilson told police that she laid on the boy's midsection out here in the yard to control him. The 10-year-old weighed just 91 pounds. But Wilson, according to police, weighs 340 pounds and sat on the child for five minutes until he stopped moving. Jesus. Good. First things first, rest in peace. The 10-year-old Dakota Stevens, that young man tried to get help. Okay? When you run away from home, run away from you know your foster mother to a neighbor's house and asked him to adopt you, Lord only knows the trauma you were experiencing in that house. Okay? He ran from that old beast orphan killer. All right?


Dakota was four foot 10 and weighed 90 pounds. Jennifer Lee was four foot 11 and weighed 340 pounds. She was built like a Range Rover. And no matter how good Dakota was eating in that house, he had to get away because that young man knew that his fate, he knew what his fate would be if he stayed there. He just knew, let the record show fate without the E at the end is fat and fate without the F in the front is eight. That has nothing to do with nothing. I just wanted to make that observation because Jennifer Lee Wilson is obese And I cannot believe she's only getting six years in prison with one year suspended to be served on probation for killing a whole human.


Okay? This was a fat fatality, okay? You should be a fat felon forever. In fact, the judge should say, I'm giving you a year for every pound. Yes, 340 years. Okay? I would've made you a fat funky felon forever. All right? You are a large law breaker and you don't deserve to experience the Krispy Kreme hot light ever again. Why did this wide ass wrongdoer only get six years? If you ask me? She's a heavyweight homicidal maniac. Okay? This wasn't no accident. She thought about this. She was intentional about this. This was a cold, calculated, chunky, chubby ass crime. The only time she's been more premeditated was probably at Golden Corral. Would you like to hear more about her sentencing? Let's go to CBS News Chicago for the report, please.


A northwest Indiana judge sentenced a woman in the death of her foster son, Jennifer Lee Wilson pled guilty to reckless homicide in the April death of her foster son. 10-year-old Dakota Lee Stevens investigators say she pinned Dakota to the ground by lying on his midsection for several minutes, causing fatal injuries. A judge sentenced her to six years in prison. Look at this woman. Oh shoot. She looked like the Mucinex man. Does she not? Wow. Yeah. I did some research and by research Emini here, chat, GPT And I asked chat. GPT has a sumo wrestler ever sat on someone and killed them and chat.


GPT said there are no well-documented cases of a sumo wrestler in intentionally sitting on someone to kill him. So Jennifer Lee Wilson, you did something that a sumo wrestler has never done. And it was your adopted son. You and all your fat cells should be in a prison cell forever. How did they give this big body butcher? Only six years. Okay? This woman is built like grimace from McDonald's, but she's not friendly and lovable. No, this is the grimace reaper. She's a massive murderer. This half ton killer deserves to be in prison forever. And I don't know why she isn't. What? All Right, what? All right, all right, all right. I play steam music.


What? There? Oh my god. What? Mac? Mid-size Mac and skin kid. What? It's gotta stop, bro. What? You have to stop. Stop. What? This woman is a killer. I'm I'm starting to think somebody fat touched you at a, at a young age. 'cause you hate us with such a wow. This has nothing. This woman killed a 10-year-old it No, no, I understand. By sitting on you. I And I understand that. And as the president of the Fat Lives Matter committee, she was wrong in a sense of like, when we are our size, we know we know our issues. Yes. Like when I go to church and you know they got those old white church chairs. I know those don't hold me. I gotta test those. I test a lot of chairs before I sit down. Now that's, that's the stupid, you know what I'm saying? Even during sex, you know how long it took me before I got on top? I was scared. And I don't know what you get.


What my, you get on top. It's like getting on a rollercoaster. I'm terrified. I'm like, every couple strokes terrifi. You good. Can you breathe? You gotta stop. You gotta that that Emini here. That poor guy. I hate you. Pushups Can't let side of women that are letting you get on top. That's beside the point, bro. You don't dunno if they're women and men, you don't know what, what he bro, Your pushup game must be crazy 'cause no way you put all your Weight. No, no, no. Keep flaking. You gotta, you, it's a balance thing. You gotta lean to the left, to the right person, not on one side. Yes. Yes. Now she in a kayak. She should have known that that sitting on that kid was, that was wrong. You gotta treat that like all types of furniture. See, y'all don't know that because y'all, you know, y'all got gym memberships. But yeah, it, the worst thing you could do is sit somewhere in public and that chair break.


'cause there's no way you could play that off. And just like this. There's no way you can play off killing a kid. It's A human. You have a broken chair on a plane. On a plane. Yeah, not on a plane. I've, I've broken a lot of chairs because you Fly cargo. I do have a question. The seatbelt extender, how many do you use one now? Well, right now I thank God Mac has Lost a lot of weight. Yeah. Yes. Last month was the first time I ever didn't need one. You didn't need an extended, I didn't need an extended drop a bomb from Mac. Wow. But shout out to all the, the stewardess and all the flight attendants because they are very respectful when they come to you to like, they sell drugs like you need that, you need, you need that thing. And I be like, man, everybody On the plane though, they whispering you about back. I know.


Whatcha talking. They either had, They either serving disco or asking you about the extended. It's not much. Yeah, they be like, you need that, you need, you need that. And I'd be like, well what you got? And they'd be like, yeah, we got that. Oh, you know, they was on snacks. Nah, Emini here. That comes later. But first you always, they always make sure you good because the last thing you want is the plane that have turbulence. And then my big ass is flying arounds. Know what? Emini here. Facts. And I hit somebody, but I can't Imagine you on top. That is insane. Emini. Here, look. Hey, that's what you got outta this. A lot of chubby chasers out there. We Said all that to say, please give the glutton this reaper. Jennifer Lee Wilson, you have to stop the biggest chaw. Stop. What? Gotta stop me. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today.


Yes. This Is disgusting. Don't go anywhere. This, this is disgusting media. Mac. No, no, don't Call her. Disgusting. Okay. No, This is disgusting. True. She Killed a little Baby. That's right. This woman. This woman, yes, but not on purpose. She was not like a murderer. This woman had a crushing presence. This is terrible. Put on. Okay Lord. Alright, Let's, I can't Wait till there's a short killer and then you gonna be right in there. 800. The short Killer. All right, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. This conversation comes from Zuckerberg, of course, at the inauguration he was caught staring at Jeff Beau's fiance Lauren Sanchez. So let's open up the phone lines. Have a question. (800) 585-1051. Two questions.


Did you think Mark Zuckerberg was gay? Until this picture? What what's the question? Ladies? When you are wearing wait back, come back. When you're wearing revealing clothing, do you feel welcoming the fact that men are staring at your assets? And fellas, if a woman is wearing revealing clothing, do you like to look now Mack? Yeah. Women, do you welcome being sexually harassed with somebody's eyes? That's, that's not necessarily Sexually harassed? Because I asked Lauren before we did this, And I said, if you're wearing something revealing, Are you doing the, what are you wearing? Boy, Trump really backing off of us. Y'all look great. Wow. I'm just asking the question. No, we Here, he asked me if I'm wearing something revealing, am I offended when guys look? And I'm like, no, you, I know they're gonna look, I'm not offended. And I asked Mac Mack, when you see somebody wearing a woman or a guy wearing something revealing, and you look, can we stop Adding a guy thing?


This is, that's y'all thing going on, right? That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, if you're wearing something or revealing and a guy is looking at your asses, do you feel uncomfortable? And fellas, it Depends how the person is looking. Of course like of person, somebody might look, but it's a, it's a way to look. But Let's talk about it when we come back. 800 y can the save y lives? Fellas can't, Right? No. Y'all just be looking Emini here. Well, Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club, man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess N just joining us, we're talking about something that actually came from Zuckerberg at the inauguration. Jeff Beal was there with his fiance Lauren Sanchez, and he was caught staring at her chest, we'll say allegedly. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5. When we were having a conversation in the room and we were saying, ladies, when you're wearing something revealing, do you mind if a guy stares at your assets? And fellas, you know, if a girl is wearing something revealing, do you stare at their assets? How does it make you feel? Is it uncomfortable? Is it not start? Would You I would say them. When you say assets, you can't hear the rest of the words sometimes. So it sounds like I said assets, I didn't say, as I said assets, I don't feel away because Emini here, I just know y'all gonna look.


So why would I feel away? Like, don't touch me or anything like that. But you just looking like I, why, why would I feel away? So if you wear something revealing, right? And you don't mind if a guy's staring at you, your breast or staring at your as, it doesn't bother you, Don't be weird about it. But if you just happen to look, it's like, what can I do about that? Like, we as women happen to look a lot too. Like if men are in sweatpants or like, you know, seated a certain way, say like, we looking for prints. We looking at a lot of stuff. You said recently you seen a comedian and you was staring at his, his print. Oh my God. The whole time. God, Yes. I couldn't get, it was like, whoa. Who was That? Dave Chappelle. When he was on SNL, he was sitting in that seat doing that monologue. Boy, You see it too? Like he pointed at you. Yeah. What, what, What? You watched it two, three times.


Emini here. Same comment. I I I You watched it three times. I know. I was sitting with my wife And I was watching and I'm listening to the monologue and for whatever reason it just started, it just started like really commanding the screen. And I said to my wife, I said, is that, was that his mic pack or something? Like, What the hell is that? That wasn't no pocket. Okay. No, but It was A square. No, it wasn't my Wife, like my wife. You look, my wife didn't notice that further than when I said something. She was like, maybe that's his cigarettes, his cigarettes pack. I don't know, because I thought, I thought his, his suit pants was so tight. I feel like you would've saw the square. Yeah, I don't think that that wasn't given square. It was, it was, it was on his thigh. It wasn't given print either though. You Were barely was into this. So what did you see? No, Lauren is not wrong. I observed the same thing too. There was a,


the new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night Football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game? Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The indicator is a podcast where daily economic news is about what matters to you. And we're guessing most days that's money Workers have been feeling The sting of inflation. So as a new administration promises action on the cost of living taxes and home prices, the s and p 500 biggest post-election day spike ever follow all the big changes and what they mean for you. Make America affordable again. Listen to the indicator from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get podcasts.


Another Point in the show too, I think when he was sitting down doing the little neighbor, immigrant neighbor skit, there was, there was a little situation there too. Oh, I ain't doing that one now. Yeah, when he was doing his monologue, I definitely, I was like, what did that I thought he had a gun on. Listen, Nike, what is that? Why Nike Tech season wee be the eyes be outside Emini here. There's nothing we can do About it. Alright, well let's go to the phone lines. Why You ain't answer the question. Envy you're guy. When you see a woman revealing clothes, do you? No. Okay. And I'm making my business not to look. That's right. Because I don't wanna be disrespectful. What about you, Charlemagne? Yeah. Honestly, revealing clothes don't make me look. When I see a woman in revealing clothes, she looks like she's trying too hard. So as soon as I notice she's wearing reveal revealing clothes, I look straight ahead because also I'm a married man and you know, nowadays everybody's always taking pictures and I've al I've already been caught, you know, staring at titties.


There's, there's a old picture of somebody head, I forgot who, who was here on breakfast because it was a porn star or something and she was here. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. With all her tie ties Out. You know, people were talking about JT when JT came, When JT Came, because remember JT wasn't wearing a bra and her neck was showing. I didn't even notice that. First of all. That's another thing I don't do. She jt way too young for me. And you know, I like 'em old. So, but There people were saying that, why would she wear that if she didn't want people to look? Because she was, I didn't see it, but I didn't even notice that. But yeah. Well, I will say even if you're in a turtleneck, if things are there or, or sweatpants as a woman, if things are there, they're there. And I think we don't be bothered if you're looking, it's, it's the, it's the over aggressive advances that come Don't sta You know what Emini here, the Stairs or the like, people call you by certain body parts they're looking at like, it's just a lot.


They Call you yo titty fat nip yo nip nip Keys All fun and games until you outside walking the streets. You never had a New York summer outside in the street. I, Hello? Who's this? Hi Keys. Hey. Keys, good morning. Good morning. How do you feel if you're wearing something revealing and a guy's looking at you, how does it make you feel, mama? So basically, immediately you feel that like, yes, I, I know you see what I, I know you see me. Okay. But then after that, it's kind of like, it gets uncomfortable because it's like, wait, I don't know the sense, And I don't think that he deserves to see this body part like this.


What I, but I just don't feel like they, they deserve to see that. What did you do for me to my body part? So like, now you have that image of me like forever for the rest of your life. And like, I can't do anything about that. Well, They have that image of you because you, you are wearing something that they could see. Like if you Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. So that's why I was like, you know what? I'm not doing this. Y'all don't deserve to see nothing. There you go. You don't know me. Um-mm, modest is the way to go for this part. That's right. Like meth man said, you know, showing three fourths of cloth, never showing your stuff off Boo. Or who's that? Was that Nas that was messing? Man, Brittany, good morning. Hey, shout out to Brooklyn. Brittany from Brooklyn.


Hey Brittany from Brooklyn. What's your thoughts? My thoughts is we know what we doing when we were really close. We want that attention. However, for me, I purposely hide myself sometimes when I don't feel like bothered. 'cause it is annoying. It is annoying. But you, you say, but if Somebody see that, if they see that sexy in me, while I don't wanna be bothered, I'm agitated. I don't like it. It's like If first of all you from Brooklyn revealing clothes, you is a Nike tech suit. You know what? Emini here, some chips, ACG boots showing off that move left. Nah, Not in my era. Can't stand a tattoo. It's not a dirty T. No, not in my era. Okay. Okay. Thank you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're just joining us with it comes from Zuckerberg allegedly staring at Lauren Sanchez, which is Jeff Basos fiance.


The picture went viral yesterday. We're just asking ladies when wearing something revealing, are you, do you mind it for God's star? Right? Emini here because they looking at it or they're looking at your assets? Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren, the of filling in for Jesse. If you're just joining us, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. His conversation comes from Zuckerberg, you know, he was at the inauguration and it went viral.


He was staring allegedly at Lawrence Sanchez's ties, which is Jeff Besos fiance. One of the stupidest things I saw from that that that picture where somebody said that young lady ain't leaving them billions. First of all, she left Bezos from Zuckerberg. He's more, she's still in the Billionaire club. Yeah, like she's good either way. You good either way. But I think too, like what the lady just said from Brooklyn when she was like, you know what you doing when you wear certain stuff? Lawrence Sanchez got a lot of flack for the brawl that she had under the suit because they were saying time and place And I think it's inauguration. Yeah. And I think that, you know, women do wear certain things certain places depending on what you have going on or what you wanna accomplish. And that, that was another thing as well too. 'cause kind of like it's not his fault if like they're there.


Like what else is he gonna do? He Said they're there. Nah, that was a little bit crazy though 'cause he was sitting right by her and she was by her husband. Like he was being wild. That was a wild And You just look over and say boom. And that's the thing, the stare probably wasn't even as long as the camera caught it, you know what I'm saying? It probably was like a little quick glance look down. But let's be honest, He probably stared a couple of times. That was the time the camera caught him. That is very true. Hello, who's this? Hi, This is Trinette. Hey Trinette. Talk to us. Good morning. Good morning. First of all, I want you to know I love all all of you guys, all four of you. Lauren Charlamagne, you're awesome. Envy, you're awesome. You guys are great. Thank you. And I love how you guys talk about the polyps because I cut the polyp here. I'm in the lab. You cut the Polyp.


Oh okay, okay. Yeah, yeah. When we get, when we got our colon colonoscopies. Oh, oh, Oh Yes, yes. I, if there's a specimen, I take it, I cut it, put it on a microscope slide so that the doctor can look at it and rule out if it's something cancerous or anything. Okay, well I Didn't have any polyps at all. I had I think one or two polyps Early. Awareness is cute. You guys are doing a great job with that. Thank You. Thank you. You're welcome. Now getting to the question. I wanna say that that is incredibly rude When you're talking to someone, you're being nice, you know I'm a very nice person. I speak to everybody. So when I talk to people I would like them to look at me in my face. But you have some people that they eyes move all over the place.


You know, that's kind of rude And I don't even know what to say to them when they say that. Hmm? Do you? I was about to say, do you say it in a moment? 'cause I'll say it, I'll be like, you know my face is up here. I'm gonna start saying it Lauren. But you know, I work around a lot of doctors and stuff and one of 'em used to do that all the time on the low key. And I used to be like, I ain't even want to go around to to talk to him. I used to avoid him all the time, but you know. Yeah. That's awkward work. It's Very work. I Well see that's what Emini here by it. No matter what you have on, y'all still will look 'cause she's not dressing sexually in her workplace or like exposing in her workplace. But people just look regardless. That's why cross-eyed people and people with lavy eyes man. Got it. Good. Sometimes Don't know what they looking at.


Exactly. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's your thoughts? June? If you not sexy with it, nobody's gonna be looking. You know what Emini here, like if, if they not looking and you not doing something right, So you're saying you dress sexy 'cause you want 'em to look Well I dress sexy 'cause I'm sexy Talk that talk I do it for me. But I know people don't look And you don't mind it. No. 'cause they gonna compliment me at the end of the day so I'm doing something right. Oh, they may not compliment you 'cause they're married. I Don know how they get complimented. Well Emini here. You right, you right, you right. Everybody not gonna say something but at the end of the day they looking Emini here, I'm doing something right. Okay, thank you Joan.


Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is be Flipper from Florida. What's going on man? I hear the horn. I hear Thern. Hey tell y'all how I feel man. Wanna shout out my daughter at home, AYA. She's sick right now. My daughter's taking care of her too. And my hardworking beautiful wife Sherry, she the love of my life man. I just wanna let everybody in The World know that. All right, now now answer the question brother and take us off Bluetooth for speaker so we can hear you clearly answer the question. What's your thoughts? My thought is, is like, you know, girls are revealing clothing all the time and you know, if a guy looks, it's not a bad thing because it's like looking at a car like a roll Royce. Like oh that's nice. You know what I'm saying? If it's, you know, you don't wanna drive it, you just look, it catches your attention.


You know what I'm saying? Like it's nothing you could do about it but there are some weirdos out there who od right. You know what I'm saying? But you know, that's just how I feel. You gotta be respectful about. Then also y'all ever had the the Mac patty from Dad Deli in New York? It's mac cheese oxtail on a beef patty. Damn. No, that sound Like heart disease. Yeah, it sound great. Amazing. Oh nah Boy. Yo, they right in the lower East side man. Dad deli Joshua or my cousin doing it man, let me send one up there. See y'all Just one. Just say one. Just say one. Nah, I'm Gonna give you three. I'm gonna give you everything on the menu and my boy gonna hook you up bro. Be there in an hour. I swear to God. Put you on hold. Hold on, hold on, hold on. So what's the moral of the story?


I wanna ask a question to Lauren real quick though. What's, when women wear revealing clothes, who are they wearing? Who are they wearing it for? Seriously Depend. Don't where you going? Okay, so like if you going out with your homegirl, so like the club or whatever you wearing it to, you might be trying to run into somebody, catch something. Not not like a a disease Or anything. STD Or nothing. You know what you, we know what You mean, You know what you mean. But If you, so you got gonorrhea outfits, chlamydia outfits, like no, you know what you want. No. If you going on like a date with somebody and you are at the point where you ready for whatever, you might wear something so that that type of energy is happens on the date. Yeah, it depends on where you're going, what you're trying to do. Okay. If you, I know, I know some women who do it when they go in like car shop or you know what Emini here, things of that nature because then the male salesman, it's very easy to make them just a lot more like lenient because they're lost in other things.


Got you. It just depends on what you're trying to do it for. Alright, well we got Jess with the mess with OSA coming up. We do bad baby. She got an nose job but people thought that it was her boyfriend putting his hands on her again. We gonna get into it. So it's a lot of drama with that. Alright, we'll get into that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa you News is real weather. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do no lie. She don't, nobody worldwide, just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club.


She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren la I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. Okay, y'all so bad baby posted this photo yesterday online and when she posted this photo, right when your first reaction's like, whoa, What the Hell happened? Yeah, she has two black eyes. Her nose appears to be swollen and people were like, well what the heck is going on? So when she posted this photo, fans instantly flocked to her comments and flock to like X Twitter and began assuming that she had been abused again by her current boyfriend, the child of her father, a guy named LV because she had talked about and shared video of them getting into some sort of physical altercation prior, right?


She came out and said, y'all, I got a nose job, please relax. She was just trying to show her update of the nose job, the caption even said nose jobs are not for the week. But of course people didn't pay attention to that. And since she has posted this photo and some updates on her nose job, like she wanted to show the before and after, she basically got a hump removed off of the top of her nose. You get Black eyes when you get a nose Down. Yeah, that happened as soon as I saw it. I was like, did she get like Facebook done? Because normally anytime you, you me, you mess with anything around your nose structure your black eyes and, and swelling happens. And that's like typical, but maybe because I used to live in LA I just know there's a lot of girls who do it and it happens all the time. But a lot of people didn't know this. So of course, even right now to this moment, they're still dragging her online.


And there Was domestic abuse Thinking it's domestic abuse. Talking about how stupid she is for going back to her ex Emini here, her current boyfriend. And she actually came online to clarify in a video because she was tired of people comment. Let's go listen, I'm literally So I don't 21 years old battling cancer. Who knows how long I'm gonna be here for? You think I'm not gonna get my body in my face right and do everything that I wanted to do. Once I found out I had cancer, first of all I was so happy that I was pregnant. I was so happy that I was doing something that I always wanted to do. I always wanted to be a mom same way. I always wanted to nose job after I, after I had Cali and my boobs got saggy after breastfeeding for two months. I always wanted my boobs done, always wanted a fat, always wanted this, always wanted that.


I literally am 21 years old battling cancer. If you don't think I'm gonna live my life to the fullest and do everything I wanna do without a caring The World about what you, you, you, you, you or the next you gotta say about me, I'm gonna do me like always She's right. Do whatever the hell you wanna do, but you ain't gotta explain It to me. I was about to say anyway And I feel it I guess. But then she gets online and she dust up like so after all this, right? She then went online and posted photos of her. This is before the nose job with like bloody legs, like bruised up legs and she says to make lv, she got her feet done. No, she actually got abused in these photos, but not by lv allegedly. She says that she posted these because she wanted to make LV who was her current boyfriend for a little better because people keep trolling and now he's arguing with her for sharing her recovery journey.


And the fact that people were making jokes. She says, he's not the only one who has put hands on me. She alleged that she's only been with three men that she took serious and all of them put hands on her. Maybe she's the problem and these are supposed to be some of the, the, the scars from those situations. It's just a little bit too much. And maybe it is because she's 21 and she's going through something as serious as cancer and just, you know, I don't know. But yeah, she got a lot going On. Definitely sending her healing energy. Yeah, I, yeah. Okay, so onto the next story. So this is really big breaking news right now. So a few years back, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry decided to leave the royal family. Yep. When they decided to leave the royal family, they claimed two major things.


It's a ton of stuff, but two major things. The first thing was that there was racist things happening. The baby skin color was asked about. And Meghan was being treated differently because she's a, a, a mixed race woman, a black woman, her mom's black. But also they said the way that they're being treated by the paparazzi over there, it was very similar to how Princess Diana was treated. And Prince Harry said, I'm scared that my wife will end up how my mom did. And you guys know Prince Diana famously died in a car crash while trying to escape paparazzi. And he also said, we're gonna have children. And, and they, at the time I think they had their first kid, he didn't feel like his, his kid was safe because paparazzi was doing everything they could to see the baby. They, they left, they went to Canada, then they came here and they moved to la right?


So there was a last minute settlement just reached today, January 22nd between Prince Harry and Rupert Murdoch's news group newspaper. Now the accusations of this lawsuit that was filed back in 2019, I believe was that the news group newspaper spied. And they were very predatory in the ways that they went about getting news about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. So the settlement that they reached today was, was set at, it was met only one day after trial. They did not provide an exact dollar amount of how much they reached, but it had to be a pretty good payout. And the terms were that the news group situ the news group people had to give a full apology to Prince Harry for hacking into his mobile phone, encroaching on his life, while also admitting that one of its Plat tabloids, the son recruited private investigators to commit illegal acts.


Right? Now this is to me extremely scary because if you'll go that far, it's like who else knows about what we don't know happened? And a part of the settlement, right, for them to not go further in court was we don't have to dig into that. So now anybody from this news group doesn't have to get on the stand and talk about everything else they've done, be asked questions so that we could really find out what else they did to get these stories, sweep it Under rock. I I can't believe that they even had to prove that these news outlets are predatory Emini here. Number one, if you got paparazzi chasing folks down, you Lauren called Sauce every damn day. Okay? But I don't do this. I'm just saying, but I don Do. But they were suing. That's the reason why. Sure. Yes. But, but that's what I'm saying. I can't believe they even had to prove it. Of course these news outlets are predatory.


But let, let me tell you, they also had, in addition, the media organization expressed remorse for interfering in the life of the late Princess Diana, who I told you guys earlier mentioned was killed in 1997 car crash. So they're admitting to even being, you know what, Emini here a part of, not that exact, those exact group of paparazzi, but having somewhat something to do with the way that she was feeling and being hunting down. And they did have to prove it because everybody called them liars. I don dunno if y'all remember Yeah, that's Emini Here. I don they made liars. Yeah. I don't know how they could be called liar when you when we see it, right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like we visibly see it with our own eyes. Right? They may not think they're predatory, but they definitely are. This is a bit crazy. It's a win for Meghan, mark and Prince Harry though they're vindicated somewhat. All right, his mom's not here, but at least they have this.


Well that's just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Now let's get to the People's Choice mix. Get your request in. Let me know what you wanna hear. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Rosa, filling in for Jess. Now we got a salute, Anita AK for joining us today. Man, Salute to the Good sister Anita AKs. Her new book, the Win on Her Tongue is out in bookstores now. It is book two of the Daughters of Three Waters trilogy. If you loved Shallow Waters, you will love the sequel to Shallow Waters, the Wind on Her Tongue. You know, Anita Copak, we put out Shallow Waters on my booking print, black Privilege Publishing through Simon and Schuster, and the Wind on Her Tongue is being released also on Black Privilege Publisher Assignment Schuster, it's available everywhere you buy books now.


And tonight we will be in Brooklyn at Greenlight Bookstore at 7:30 PM Okay, 6 86 Fulton Street in Brooklyn, New York. Myself, Anita AKs, we will be there having a conversation about the win on her tongue. So join us, why don't you tonight 7:30 PM in Brooklyn Green Light Brook store dress Warm too. 'cause it's gonna be cold, so Just warm. Oh my God. That's right. All right. When we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess a Larry Charlamagne, the God we are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Now Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do, man, I I just wanna remind people, make sure you go pick up Anita AKs book The Win on Her Tongue.


It's available everywhere you buy books right now. If you love Shallow Waters, you'll love the sequel, which is this new book, the Win on Our Tongue available everywhere you buy books now and the audio versions available now too. But the positive note is simply this. An unhealed person can find a fence in pretty much anything somebody does. Okay, listen to what I said. All right, because I want y'all to really think about this. 'cause y'all be fake outraged and mad about every single thing that you see on social media. So I wanna repeat this to you. Unhealed heathens, an unhealed person can find a fence in pretty much anything someone does. A healed person understands that the actions of others have nothing to do with them. Each day you get to decide which one you will be.


Have a blessed Day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done? The New year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night Football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now, Taking control of your career is empowering.


Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Consider this is a Daily News podcast and lately the news is about a big question. How much can one guy change? Day one change. What will change look like for energy Drill, baby drill, we're gonna schools take the department education close It, healthcare better And less expensive.


Follow coverage of a changing country. Promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our promises On. Consider this from NPR. Listen on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts, John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed.


Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.