
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


be Merry. Be bright, be love. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open. Airbus are stylish. The color the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top. Busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Lauren la are filling in for Jesse LAIs. Good morning, Lauren. Good morning. Charlemagne. The guy. Peace to the Planet is Monday. Good morning. Good morning. What's happening? How y'all feel out there? How y'all feeling? How's everything? Blessed? I feel Blessed. Blessed Black and Holly Favored man. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. You rested? Yes. Oh yeah. 'cause you didn't stay at Homecomings all weekend. But I still went. I mean, we landed, we went to Powerhouse and then I had two of my homeboys was in town, so I had to play Host. So yesterday we went to brunch. Brunch was like a host situation, but I was back home by like 9 30, 10 o'clock.


Got a bed early. Yes, I did. Okay. But we had a great time. Powerhouse was lit. That's right. Salute to everybody. I was at Powerhouse. My, my kids went, they had an amazing time. I was tapped out. This was the, the, the second time in 16 years that I've been at Power 1 0 5, that I missed work because of sickness. I had a, a stomach flu. Ooh. A stomach virus. And it took down the whole family. It started with the baby. Baby brought it home. Peyton, she was out then Brooklyn and London. And then when I caught it, it was over from 11:00 PM to, to 4:00 AM I was on the toilet coming out both ways. We didn't need to know, I'm just telling you. But I, it was to the point I slept in the bathroom. I know that. Listen, I'm just telling you, sometimes you can Move us from the chat.


We didn't, we, we really didn't have, I'm just telling you. I said stomach virus flew. We already knew I was down. I lost five pounds. Okay. All right. All right. That it was that bad. It was like, it, it was nasty. And then I gave it to my wife. We gave it to Mercedes, my assistant, everybody and anybody that was in our house the last couple of days got it. And was out for 24 hours. So that was my Friday and Saturday. Wow. Well, congratulations to the Casey family. Thank you. Thank you, Sir. I'm Glad you're here. And feeling lighter. Thank You. Jesus Christ. I am feeling louder. I feel a lot better. I feel a lot better. But yeah, it was a stomach virus and You know stomach virus. You can't take anything. You just have to let it go through the system. We Get it. I'm just telling you. Just telling you it, It, it flowed through the system. It Flow through the system.


But tell us about Powerhouse. Powerhouse was Lit. Sexy Red. First of all, sexy Red is really my friend in my head. I don't care what people say about her. She is a good time. And she just, it just be so chill, so effortless. I also, now I understand why A Boogie is like on every major show in New York. Yes, He is. He sells out every time. Sells at the Garden, sells out the Barlay. I've seen him in concert. I think I was in LA One's biggest artist. I've never seen him in New York. Literal. I would go to every concert he has in New York. It was, it was like the, like I was on the floor when he came out. And just the way that the people like it was. Yeah. He, he got that. Like, how did And Boogie is, is the one How Did Gunna do, how did Gunna do here?


I didn't think Gun. It wasn't, it wasn't gunna. He did what he was supposed to do. The crowd was rough. It was a little tough with Gunna. Like it Was there for a Boogie. Yeah. Like, I mean, they were singing along and all that, but it just didn't, the energy wasn't there. Like it was with Sexy Got. And then when A Boogie came out, I'm like, yeah, nah. I don't know if Gunna gunna maybe could've sat that one out. But I love his music though. We were all rocking to his music. But I was like, why the crowd not giving him? Is it just meaning him? Everybody with me was like, nah, the crowd not really giving him what you should have got. You would You know when you see his concert online in the floor about the, it wasn't that. Wow. But he still did a great job and he performed a, a Spin King set with all, like, he brought out four one. Yeah. He brought out NE Choppa. Like You know All like the New York Jordan TV came out with 'em.


Yes. Yeah. Like that was lit as well. It was a good time. Okay. It was a really good time. Alright. Again, slu, everybody that went to Powerhouse Philly and Powerhouse NYC over the weekend, now Talib Quale will be joining us this morning. Yes. He's got a new album called The Confidence of Knowing That Out Now. That's Right. Yes. And we gonna kick it with him in a little bit. And we got some front page news when we come back with Morgan Woods. Don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start up for some quick sports. Now, tonight is game three of The World series. The Dodgers Lead two Zero. And we'll see how that happens. That game happens at 8 0 8 tonight now in football.


All right. The Cardinals beat the Dolphins. The Patriots beat the Jets. The Eagles beat the Bengals. The Browns beat the Ravens. The Texas beat the Colts. The Lions demolished the Titans 52 14 charges beat the Saints. The Falcons beat the Buccaneers. The Bills beat. The Seahawks commanders came back from that game and beat the Bears. 1815. Fantastic game, by The way. Yeah. Great game. Hail Mary at the end. Unbelievable. The Chiefs beat the Raiders. Broncos beat the Panthers and the 49 ERs beat the Cowboys. And then Monday night Football, the Giants take on the steel is at eight 15. The steel is won. Just wanted to throw that out there. Alright. Game's not over yet, sir. Hasn't started steal Steel is one. You. know what I mean? Maybe not. It's Guaranteed. Maybe not.


Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Hail Mary. Certainly full of grace. Oh goodness. So the countdown is on y'all. Election day is eight days away, Tuesday, November 5th. And top of the front page news is make sure you exercise your right to vote. Now, vice President Kamala Harris, she rallied in Texas and the battleground state of Michigan over the weekend. Before she took the stage in Texas, Harris spoke about the fight over abortion rights. And here's what she had to say to reporters. This is among the most critical issues that the American people will address when they vote for who will be the next president of the United States. Real harm has occurred in our country. A real suffering has occurred. People have died. There are just certain decisions the government should not be making for individuals in their families.


Of course, she spoke about abortion bans and past in places like Texas, which have led women to miscarry in parking lots. Same as that in Georgia and also Florida. Go ahead. Charmagne. What you Saying? No, I I, I said I saw Trump this weekend. Say, abortion isn't a major issue anymore. And I'm like, who? The, the who, like the who, who you talking to. They said a lot of stupid stuff over this Over the weekend. Yeah. Yeah. We'll get into that and all the garbage, quote unquote. But getting back to that rally in Houston, of course, Beyonce, she took the stage endorsing Harris, not as a celebrity, not as a politician, but as a mother. Beyonce of course, joined Harris in Houston for a campaign event. She introduced Harris Harris to a massive crowd on Friday night.


She called on Women of America and Texans alike, and of course, her fans to step up and vote, saying, freedom is on the ballot this year and it's time for a new song. Let's hear those comments from Beyonce at the rally in Houston. We must vote and we need you. It's time to sing a new song, a song that began 248 years ago. The old notes of downfall, discord, despair no longer resonate. Our generations of loved ones before us are whispering a prophecy, a quest, a calling, an anthem.


Our moment right now, it's time for America to sing a new song. Our voices sing a chorus of unity. They sing a song of dignity and opportunity. Are y'all ready to add your voice to the New American song? I thought Beyonce and Kelly did very well. Yeah, I was gonna say, yeah. And then Kelly's Speech was incredible. Kelly introduced Beyonce in during that rally. And yes, Kelly's speech as well was very compelling, very energized. Of course, VP Harris is using Beyonce's hit Freedom as a theme song for her, her campaign. And as VP Harris took the stage, of course, she reiterated and leaned into those reproductive rights, arguing, of course, again, that the government should not be allowed to make decisions, medical decisions for individuals.


They were also in Michigan over the weekend. Former first lady Michelle Obama appeared with VP Harris in Michigan, in Kalamazoo on Saturday, saying that too many people are indifferent to Donald Trump's felonies while also criticizing Harris. Let's hear from Michelle Obama. I hope you'll forgive me if I'm a little frustrated that some of us are choosing to ignore Donald Trump's gross incompetence while asking Kamala to dazzle us at every turn. His chairman of the joint Chiefs of Staff, for example, said, and these are his words, that Trump is fascist to the core, his joint chief of staff. If you are not famous, if you criticize or disagree with him in any way, if he doesn't view you as his equal or relevant to his ambitions, I promise you he will not think about you when he gets into the Oval Office.


Mm. Yeah. I I can't even call it a double standard anymore. I've never seen anything like it. Like Trump has something greater than even white privilege. Like he mar what's Greater than white Privilege. I don't know. He, he marginalizes white people clear, like he, he marginalizes white people. It's, it's, it's unreal. Like nobody treats him like a threat. Not the DOJ, not the, not the media, not voters. Nobody. I've never seen anything like it. I'm sure we'll talk about his rally next hour, right? Yes, absolutely. That was crazy. More front page at 7:00 AM Trump was in New York at Madison Square Garden talking about the Puerto Ricans. Oh no, not the Ricks. Not the Ricks. Alright, well we'll discuss that next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 800. Did He he speak, did he did he spoke a gun.


He, he spoke. Okay. I haven't heard anything about him. I've heard about everybody. He saying everybody else has been trending though. He did Speak. No, he spoke, he did speak. I've heard about everybody else except for him. I haven't, I didn't hit Anything. Nah, he spoke. Yeah. We'll get to that next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up right now. Call us up right now. Again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your as. This is your time to get it off your chest, man. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hello. This is near your friend Nicole from St.


Louis. How are you guys? Good. Good morning, Nicole from St. Louis. Morning. How feeling? Good morning. Is that Ms. Barn? She still there? Yes, ma'am. Yes, I'm here. Ms. Barn, I'm so glad you're still here. Let me tell you right quick, before I talk to Charlamagne, when I called them my birthday December 6th, you helped me out with the fellas. 'cause they just kind of left me hanging. Do you remember that? What happened? I forget It. It was the anniversary of the show. And I called them my birthday and they was like, oh, what are you doing for your birthday? And I. I'm telling them. And then they were just quiet. Oh. And you were like, y'all just gonna leave her hanging. She don't even know what you're talking about. I Don't even remember. But it sounds like them to just You know.


Well, that's okay. Charlemagne. Yes, ma'am. So we went to Usher's concert on Friday here in St. Louis. And yes, the domestic terror was woo. He was wily. Oh man. He was feeding the lady tarries, bringing up after lady. She went, she, he was making, you had to open your mouth and let em put the cherry in. And this one lady, she wanted to grab the cherry and he took it back. It was like, you have to open your mouth and let me put the cherry in. Usher need to be stopped. Build a wall around Usher. Man. Oh my gosh, it was so funny.


Charlamagne, I couldn't wait to call and talk you about it this morning. Did you call somebody, did you call the proper authorities on Usher? Oh, it was Nicole Usher need his own ice agency. Like we gotta we need to put an organization on Usher, man. Nicole Might have been a lady with a mouth whooping. No, no, no. I was with my husband, Usher. Don't care. Say because he did it with DDG and Chloe. And, and DDG grabbed that cherry. Yeah, he Did. Thank you, Nicole. Okay. My, I'm sorry. Question please, please, please. Hmm. Charlamagne? Yes ma'am. Can I please send you my sister's book? Can I have the, the address to the show so I can send you her Book? Yes. We gonna put, we put you on hold and Eddie will give you the address and you can mail it up.


Thank you very much. You know what's so crazy. Usher did that to Holly and then Holly and DDG broke up a couple weeks later. So Now you wanna bring it on Usher, But d why not? But DDG grabbed the cherry. It don't matter. You know. I mean, 'cause if your mouth was open, open and then I had to grab the cha, then what? Now we arguing at the house. I don't even Know if her mouth foot league got open. I think she just kind of looked up and she didn't even have a chance. Hello? Who's this? Good Lord boy, love me from the Bronx. Love You For up. Love me. Get it off your chest please. King. I wanna tap in because last week I called y'all about DJ car. Can't And I know you said No, I love you Ain't Papa. I was like, yeah, no. So I want to send a sleeping piece to my guy Clark. T Clark Kent. Absolutely. And I also want Clark Kent.


Yeah. I also wanna say I'm blessed by and highly favor my niece passed the bar, so we got another sister as an attorney. Hey, so shout out to my niece, Ray Knee. Congratulations To her brother, your niece, brother. Thank you, Lovey. And, and again, rest in peace to, to God's favorite dj, DJ Clark Kent. If you don't know, of course, Clark Kent was one of the producers behind Notorious BIG produced for ho. Just, just a great individual, great sneak ahead, great guy sending love and condolences to his family, his wife, his kids. He was just a, a great dude, always Just checking in to make sure that you were good. DJs were good. Just people were good. He was just a great human being. So salute and rest in peace to DJ Clark Kent.


Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, hopefully You better have the same energy. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? This is Mikey. Mikey. What's up? Get it off your chest. Hey, I I I'm listening to you guys for a good bit of time now. Every time I'm driving into work like I am right now, And I noticed that, like when you guys are talking about the difference of the rallies this morning, kinda like you do every morning, I have a different perspective of it. I think that people showed up in massive numbers to support Trump.


And I think that that shows his support even in a place like New York City where they expected him to get nothing. Hey, can I say something to you brother? Go ahead. Nobody this morning talked about the size of either one of those rallies. Like neither were nobody in here talked about that. Like, like, like we played some clips from the rally, but we, we didn't say nothing about the size of the rally. Right? Well, I I kind of just noticed that you guys said there's a massive turn in Houston. But if we're gonna compare like a size thing here, it's gonna be not even a comparison. Donald Trump has a way bigger turnout. And I think that's because even in a place like New York City, he has massive turnout because You know we're Not. But, but, but, but once again, he's taken Us to way Better.


But once again, nobody compared the sizes of it. But I mean, if you want to, Kamala Harris did have 30,000 people in Houston. I mean, yeah, I think Donald Trump, 40,000 waiting outside. That's not true. Knock it off. Yeah. That was yesterday In New York City. It was not. No 40,000 people waiting outside the garden, bro. We live here. That was not in the building. Yeah, but we live here. There was not no 40,000 people sitting outside the garden, bro. That was outside Madison Square Garden. That's not, that didn't happen. That didn't happen. We live here. That didn't happen. He counted every One. But once again, everybody In counted everybody. Yeah. It'd be easy to say it didn't happen. I know it happen. It didn't happen. But once again, nobody was talking about their crowd sizes.


So you called up here this morning on assignment to say that, but nobody had that conversation. How many People were in the garden? Do You know, sir? The, the only thing that they said was that there wasn't a seat that wasn't taken. Yeah. The garden holds 19,500 people. Yeah. It holds Yeah. 19,000 people. Yeah. So I mean that's a, that's a massive turnout. It Is. So you're telling me that it was double that outside of the garden, even though we live here and we know it wasn't you telling me us that it was 40,000 people outside of the guard. That that is what was reported. Okay. Well I've be seen like we have a live on it, sir. The MegaBots on Instagram, but I ain't never heard one on the phone. That was crazy. Yeah. I never heard the voice in Real life. That was crazy. Okay. You know how much 40,000 people is. Hello? Who's this? Hello?


Hey, this is DJ Vy. Yes sir. Yay. D Dvy. Hey May. How you doing this morning please? How you doing brother? Hey, well Miss Lauren a pleasure to, to listen to you. Good morning. How are you? I'm doing well. Hey, I just want to tell your listeners, don't find the PAC partition. It's a data heist. What is the PAC petition? Data heist is the PAC petition that Elon Musk have going on right now. Who? It's Elon Musk. Oh, the one To get the million dollars. Correct. It's a data heist. And what it is, is that a data heist is if you need like five pieces of information, but you could only get four of those legally.


But you could pay for the fifth piece and that, that fifth piece will allow you to get information like data his for voting history. History. Yeah. Don't give up your data signing in the pact. Give up your data. You know signing onto a new social media site. That's how you get everybody. It's The same thing. He got em both. Okay. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Good morning. You hear me? Yeah, we can hear you. What's up brother? What's your name? Hey. Hey, my name's T What's up t I'm just calling. I just wanted to encourage people to get out there and vote. I think it's really important this time around. It's been important any other time, but this time just feels a lot different. You're right. And, I. Just wanna encourage y'all to get out there on both Kamala honestly, because it's, it's stuff that she's offering that we really need.


That child tax credit that we were getting in 2021 with Joe Biden, the extension of that, the $50,000 tax deduction. Small businesses, these things are important. These things we need, we, we out here struggling right now, so, okay. I just want people to take it seriously and stop playing around this time around and, and You know making everything. I don't know, they just trivialized everything right now. I I just don't appreciate that. And this is a, this is a black man saying to go vote for Kamala Harris. Okay, so you see that? So stop it with all those false narratives. I was actually looking at a poll yesterday. They said Kamala is is her black. Her support amongst black men is 85% right now.


Oh wow. Which we knew was gonna be the case. You know, but You know people running around with all these false narratives saying that black men don't wanna vote for the vice president, which is just ridiculous. Where Did that start? Like why did that Start? I have, I have no idea to be honest with you. Well Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess with L LaRosa coming Up. We do and of course, before we start our show, we have to take a minute for DJ Clark Kent. So we are gonna do that at the top of the news at the top of the first hour. Just with the mess. Alright, We'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's Get, I want to drop one of cruise bomb from South Carolina State University.


They had their homecoming over the weekend. They won their homecoming game. 69 to 35. They played some team called Delaware State University or something like That. Did you go to homecoming? Yeah, But we No. Did you go to the game? He did 35. Those 80 degrees. They, I mean they get to your head, but have you been to the homecoming? What that got to do with cycling? Why are you so upset about this? I'm not saying I'm just, I'm just asking. South Carolina State University, How was the home State? 69 to 35. You hit the yard? No. Oh, okay. I don't go nowhere. We but 69, 35. That's how you could tell you ain't go to, you ain't go. You ain't go there. 69. You can tell. 69, 35. This is we shouting out schools. Shout to Hampton University. They won 41 21 for their homecoming. Damn Who they play? Elon, I don't even know what, what team Elon is Since we sat our school shout out to Delaware State University just because Yeah, they lost to South Carolina State University this weekend.


69 35. Okay, that mean, alright. Alright, well let's Putting it out there. Let's Get to Jess With the mess with Rosa. News Is real. Whether Jessica, Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you are now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether that's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way they look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Sirn device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone for details.


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which has breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords who are charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price Gougers who are keeping the cost of everyday goods to high. I'm Kamala Harris. And I, approve this message because you work hard for your paycheck. You should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


She don't nobody Worldwide. Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me Man. So over the weekend we lost DJ Clark Kent. So it was announced via his Instagram. It said it was with deep, deep sadness that we share the passing of our, of the beloved DJ Clark Kent. He passed away Thursday evening surrounded by his devoted wife, his daughters, and his son Clark Quietly. And Vivian Clark quietly fought a three-year battle with colon cancer while continuing to share his gifts with The World.


The family is grateful for everyone's love, support and prayers during this time. They asked for privacy as a process, this immense loss. So You know, I just wanted to take some time as we opened up the news this morning to just talk about the impact of DJ Clark Clark. Can I know a lot of people they hear the name, but I don't know if everybody, and all the time people understand what he is synonymous with. Like he has created some of the biggest careers that we know in the game. From Biggie to Jay-Z Mariah Carey, 50 cent. When you talk about Jay-Z Jay-Z has said reasonable doubt wouldn't even have happened if it wasn't for the influence of Clark Clark Kent player's. Anthem throwing Lil Kim on the record and coaching her through that. And people You know just that being known as like one of the first times people heard her on a record.


So I just wanted to take that time. We do have some songs here in the mix for em and y'all wanna share some thoughts? Anything like that? I know you guys are so close to the You know you here in New York. Yeah. I I would say You know legendary career professionally, but I would just say You know as as an individual. Whenever you met Clark Kent, just a solid human You. know what I'm saying? Just a genuinely good person. Yes. Just a pleasant individual. And, and all my encounters with DJ Clark Kent You know, like he just, just a good brother, a very, a person that would would call you and tell you if he saw you doing something good. If he didn't like something that you was doing, he'd call you and tell you that as well. Absolutely. But, but it would always end with some type of solution to whatever it was.


So I just, I just thought he was just a good, a good person. Yeah, Great, great individual. Not just a, a, a DJ and not pushing DJs forward. Like Charlemagne said, he would call you if, if he agreed with something you said or disagreed and it always ended in love. He actually Always down for a healthy debate. Yes. He was always down for a healthy debate. Yes. I I actually seen him last year at Giants game. He a, a huge Giants fan and he was telling me what he was going through and he was just saying, just, just do me a favor. Just tell your listeners to make sure they go to the doctor and make sure they get checked and, and make sure they do the, the necessary things to make sure they can You know, live as as, as long as they possibly can. But he was just a great individual, an amazing dj, an amazing producer, a sneakerhead and probably one of the, the, the biggest sneakerheads out there between him and probably Maya.


I mean he had every pair of sneakers that you could possibly imagine. And just like Charlamagne said, just a good, Just a great human man. This a good, just A gentleman. Good individual. Yeah. Just a gentleman. Well, Angie Martinez spoke out and she said You know The World was just better with him in it. So she's You know echoing. You guys set sentiments as well. And if you guys remember we talked about this briefly up here, that Angie Martinez is going to be making her directorial debut it doing a doc about hip hop featuring DJ Clark Kent and his story. And in her post where she was saying goodbye to him, she said, you were not like everyone, your cloth was just richer. Your pedigree, your pedigree was more solid. The love you put into everything and everyone you touched just hit harder. And I promise you and Keith, that's his wife, that I will not sleep until we share your story.


So she's definitely still down and stock is still gonna move forward so that it'll be something to look out for. We of course will be You know talking about that when, what I love when that comes as well about that. Yeah. What what I love about that is called God's favorite dj, the story of DJ Clark Kent. What I love about it is that he was here to tell his story. Yeah. And he's doing it with somebody like Angie Martinez who we know cares about the culture. You know with such the way she does. Yes. You know. So Yep. Them them two partnering up to do that and for him to be alive to get that done. To share his story. Yeah. Incredible. Amazing. Well let's play some of the, the music we got in the queue for him. Play. We got some players. Anthem Sky's the limit. Just take us somewhere, right?


Yo, the number one question is I listen to Sky's the limit every morning. So I'm might get up and go get the money playlist. Yeah, he Did the Get up remix with Lost Boys. He did the So many classics, man, so many Mix tape Classics. Definitely rest in peace man. Yeah. Sending his family some love. Well that's the first hour. Alright, you gonna wrap that up with the rest In peace Clark? Ken Peace. His family Healing Energy man. That's right. Good human man. Alright, Great human. It's great to have people be able to say that and really mean it about you when you a hundred You know what I mean? Like everybody is everybody close to him that I've been seeing Post and these tributes have been saying exactly what you guys have said.


I mean I, yeah, I wasn't close to him but it just, the times that I met him and the times that You know, he, he reached out. I reached out to him. It just always was a gentleman. That's right. Always was a gentleman. Love To see it. Alright, When we come back, we got front page news. Morgan would be joining us. It The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be The same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Let's start off with some quick sports tonight. Game three The World series. Guys, take on the Yankees at Yankee Stadium. Starts at 8 0 8 and in some football. All right, let's start it off. A lot of scores. All right.


Cardinals beat the Dolphins. 28, 27 Patriots beat the Jets. 25 22 Eagles beat the Bengals. Browns beat the Ravens. The Texas beat, the Cols, the Lions destroyed. The Titans Chargers beat the Saints Commanders. Beat the Bears. That was a great game. The Bills beat the Seahawks Falcons beat the Buccaneers. The Raiders lost to the Chiefs. The Broncos beat the Panthers. The Cowboys got beat by the 49 ERs. And tonight and Monday Night Football, A Giants take on the stealers at eight 15. Don't worry about the cowboy nation, we three and four. But the road to the Super Bowl is not easy. Yo, shut up. Okay. There's gonna be obstacles there. Gonna always come here talking like all My life I had to fight. There's gonna be obstacles, there's gonna be hur hurdles, there's gonna be doubters, there's gonna be naysayers, there's gonna be critics.


What do you tap out? But the role to the Super Bowl is, is, is, is, is is is not east. Okay. Cowboy Nation. Don't worry about it. We on our way. Yeah. Couple years from now. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Y'all wanna check on that man? Make sure he's okay. Yeah. He, He's sitting here in front of us again already. At least I don't have two teams walking. Okay. And, and, and, and You know, like you can't, you bet you barely can lose every week. You, you can't really lose every week. 'cause somebody gonna win. It gives, it gives me hope. You know what I'm saying? The Ravens Did lose this weekend though, but command Is won. So she had, they Did. But that Hail Mary was full of grace. Okay, on the commander side, shout out to the home teams. All right. Two different divisions. They barely ever play each other in the regular season. I'm gonna tell everybody, you still call 'em the Redskins.


Oh well I'm sorry. Sorry about that. Y'all commit to a name. And I could have committed to the team. Anyways, moving on the election countdown is on. Okay, Tuesday, November 5th is eight days away. Y'all top of the front page news. Make sure you're registered to vote and make sure you exercise that right to vote. With that said, Trump rallied in Pennsylvania, Michigan and New York over the weekend. Former President Trump, he's continuing his push for the White House. He did so at a rally and Madison Square Garden in New York over the weekend with House speaker Mike Johnson, Elon Musk, Melania Trump, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. They all spoke at the event in addition to comedian kill Tony who brought controversy following a set that included insults towards black people and Puerto Ricans.


Let's hear more from comedian. Kill Tony. Alright. Heck yeah. That's cool. Black guy with a thing on his head. What the hell is that? A lampshade. Look at this guy. Oh my goodness. I'm just kidding. That's one of my buddies. He had a Halloween party last night. We had fun. We carved watermelons together. It was awesome. It's wild. And these Latinos, they love making babies too. Just know that They do. They do. There's no pulling out. They don't do that. They come inside just like they did to our country. It is absolutely wild times. There's a lot going on. Like, I don't know if you guys know this, but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now.


Yeah. I think it's called Puerto Rico. Here's What I don't understand, right? What's that? Puerto Rise up? No, I'm just kidding. What's That? What's the point of that? Like why like if I'm Donald Trump and You know people already labeled me racist and sexist and fascist and people are saying, Hey, he's holding a rally at the garden the way the Nazis did in the thirties. How about tell everyone on the bill to not do anything racist because He's been able to do everything. Nah. That's why that he's wanted to do for a very long time and nothing has happened. That didn't make sense when put That last night, even though you were upset about this and like You know there's been a lot of support from different people like Bad Bunny, J-Lo, whatever, following these comments. But there's a whole other side that is just like laughing and moving on. So, But that, but that's why I'm, I don't understand like politically why, like why, why who in his team is saying this is a politically smart thing to do.


And did those jokes have to be clear? Like you had to clear what he was saying beforehand? I would, I would assume, right? If you're gonna speak at my rally, it would, it would kind of, somebody had some type of clearance. They started trying to distance themselves from the comments too. But That's my point. Like the, the campaign put out a statement saying You know distance themselves from Kill Tony comments. But why even have those comments to be y With You know knew he was there for, y'all knew what y'all signed up for didn't go over well. So now y'all distancing yourselves and all that. But Like, like Donald Trump is entertaining on podcasts but he don't seem too good at politics because just, just politically that was just stupid. Horrible. Of course this You know comes as Trump has been criticized to his following his responses to hurricanes Irma and Maria when You know those hurricanes impacted Puerto Rico back in 2017.


Y'all remember when he was throwing those, what do you call them? Paper towels. Paper Towels, Yeah. Paper towels or people Paper towels. Like they were basketballs out to people and stuff like that. So of course, and as you mentioned, Lauren Puerto Rican stars, bad Bunny, Ricky Martin Lewis Fonzi and Jennifer Lopez have now backed Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris as a result of these comments. I'm not sure if it's really as a result of these comments, but it certainly prompted them to step up and become more public with their choice. You mentioned Trump podcasting. Charlemagne. So he did sit down with Joe Rogan over the weekend or he did sit, that episode was actually released over the weekend and he asked us to provide examples of how the election was stolen in 2020 because he is still claiming that the 2020 election was stolen.


And here's what he had to say in regards to the election being stolen while sitting down with, with Joe Rogan. They were supposed to get legislative approval to do the things they did and they didn't get it. In many cases they didn't get it. If you take a look at Wisconsin, they virtually admitted that the election was rigged, robbed and stolen. I lost by like I didn't lose, but they say I lost Joe. They say I lost by 22,000 votes. That's like one 10th of 1% less than that. It's a tiny little thing Rogan kept asking him over and over. Well how exactly did they steal it? He couldn't.


He couldn't tell. He couldn't tell him. Meanwhile, vice presidential nominee JD Vance, he's pushing back against comments made by White House chief of staff John Kelly last week, saying that Trump meets the definition of a fascist Vance told CNN State of the Union, Trump didn't say or do the things Kelly accuses him of. Let's hear those comments from JD Vance on C N's, state of the Union, pretty Much all of what John Kelly accuses Donald Trump of saying there were other people in the room. Mike Pence's, former chief of staff for example, who've explicitly said Donald Trump never said those things. They'll say, well he's a dictator when what they really mean is they won't listen. He would, Donald Trump wouldn't listen to the leadership of the military when they wanted him to start.


Ridiculous conflicts. They're conservative in the sense that they want America to get involved in a ton of ridiculous military conflicts. They want America to police The World and Donald Trump wasn't. Well I can appreciate not getting involved in extra conflicts, but at the same time, if these guys have been doing it for their whole lives, if they've been doing it and they've had the experience and they are advising you, well sir, take the advice anyways. Let's bring things home to Yeah, But JD but J JD vs is also full of it though because You know he kept denying everything that like he, they, they even told him about Trump saying he wanted to put the American military on on US citizens. And he was denying that Trump said death and they actually played him the audio and he said, I did not hear President Trump say, and they played him the audio.


So it's just like whatever man. We can only take Vance with a grain of salt is what you get now. Absolutely. Just a just a year ago he was calling Trump Hitler. Is that what you're saying? Oh absolutely. But that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Back Information Network. Download the pre iHeartRadio App and visit b news.com. Talk to y'all tomorrow. Thank you Morgan. Alright, well when we come back, quali will be joining us. He has a new album. The Confidence of Knowing is out right now. We gonna talk to him when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess.


Hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar is filling in and we got our niece with us today. Nyla Big Nyla. All right. And we got a special guest in the Building. The good brother Lib Kle is here. What's up King? Peace. He say my name like my parents do. That's how you Yeah, that's The right way, right? That's how my parents say it. You know the, the Muslims say Talib Lib, but I was raised as Tali Lib. That's how You know. I've known you for a long time. You say the old school way. How are you King? I'm good. Good to see you. New Album. The confidence in knowing. Yes Sir. What is the confidence in knowing not just the album, but that mantra? What is that? What is that? Well first of all, shout out to Jay Rawles, the producer, professor at the Ohio State University producer Brown Skin Lady.


He's my partner on that album. So shout out to Jay Rawles. But the confidence in knowing is a quote that I got actually from Jay-Z He said it off the cuff in an interview. And I feel like he heard it somewhere but it stayed with me for years. Is the idea that as an artist you have to know that you're on the right path. You have to know that you're doing the right thing. Even when The World tells you that you sound crazy when you say I'm gonna be an artist for a living You. know what I'm saying? Even when The World says Nah, that's not gonna work. Your chances of succeeding in that world are so small. You should get a regular job. And there's a lot of voices like that for artists. So for art, you have to have the confidence to know that even though The World is telling you that you're crazy, that you're doing the right thing. You know what's interesting about that. I remember when Ho said You know skills sold lyrically.


I probably be lib quali. I wonder if in that moment was he truly confident? That's a great question. I feel like he was in that moment, he was telling us that he feels restricted. You know he still had to like drop an album every fourth quarter to get the sales of Rockefeller up. At that time he still had to make records for the radio, records for the club, The business of it. The business of it. And then after that, when he was a billionaire, he no longer had to do that. Now he got the Basquiat dreads You. know what I'm saying? Now he looks like how I looked like in high school. He sounds like how I sound like a high school You, know what I'm saying? Or do you ever feel restricted? 'cause I know like you, you do your own thing a lot like, so have you ever felt that restriction, even like with the release of this project, I've, I've seen you talk about like you, you tour so much and like just some of the comments you made about yourself.


I think you're in in a really great space and you love the space you're in. But it's a lot different artists normally, like you said it yourself, you would understand why someone will call you a one hit wonder depending on where they, what they listen to in hip hop and what era they are. A lot of artists would be upset about that. But you are very comfortable with where you are. Do you feel restricted sometimes? Like you have to fall into the business because of whatever reason? I Think I've gone through that. I could listen to records I've made. I like all my records. And I think that I'm good at my craft, but I can listen to records I made five years ago, 10 years ago, 15 years ago where I'm like, okay, I could tell the intentionality behind this song was to be in the music business. Got you. Trying to get a single on radio, trying to get more ears and eyes of what I'm doing. And the less I do that, the happier I am.


When did you start doing that? Less though. Like do you remember that moment of like, Man, I think it was a gradual process. I'm not sure when I really stopped doing that, but I think around the time when I started, I did an album called The Seven with Styles P And on that album it was no pressure to have a hit single or have a radio syn or anything. Just like we used gonna bar everybody out. And after that I did an album with Diamond D You know did an album with Mad Lib. I I try to work with people who I don't have to meet that expectation. But wasn't That the demeaning behind Ruckus back in the day? Yeah. Like it wasn't that label their so Yeah. Artists didn't have to compromise. Yeah. But then Simon says happened, oh and it was such a huge record.


Like the first rec, ruckus sauna made it to radio was definition me and most def and Flex liked that. And he was playing that, if you remember in the era, flex was so big in that era. And so Simon says, comes next and Simon says before, before Simon says the the rawest thing was we don't need the radio, we independent until you get a radio single. Then the label started chasing them heads. Remember they signed G Rapp and they signed Smith and Wesson. They had G Rapp and Ja Jagged Edge record You. know what I'm saying? It's like You know we all due respect to both G Rapp and Jagged Edge. That record didn't work. That's not what you wanna to hear. That's not what you wanted to hear from either one of them. And so they got kind of caught up in that trying to chase them hits. I was gonna say, and the confidence of knowing, 'cause I feel like especially the type of rapper that you are, when you talk about knowing, it's like understanding life and just like the amount of knowledge that you drop, it's kind of like how do you navigate and just like staying balanced because the things that you talk about aren't really light subjects.


Like it's, it's real life. I think for me it's been rewarding to be this type of artist and to You know I love what I do and I'm, I'm someone who focuses. I try my best to focus on the culture of hip hop, And, I, think people outside of the culture see hip hop one way. They see it as just greed or sex and violence. And it's easy for them to critique that. But I think for me in the community, I come in, come from, it's just always been about the culture. I'm excited about it. I wake up excited about it. I think just trying to be excited about doing what you love for a living. Like I'm not, I'm not in it to make money. I, I wanna make money, but I'm not, I don't rap to make money. I try to, I try to allow who I am to create revenue streams and And I encourage other artists to not depend on the art for revenue.


'cause it ain't out there like that. Yeah. I, I hope I answered your question. It's a good question. I'm not sure I answered it Properly. No, you do. I just, I feel like, 'cause I'm a person who gravitates towards like conscious music, And. I feel like at times I don't wanna be aware. But I can't help but be aware. 'cause this is just where I'm like, this is just What I gravitate towards. That's interesting because music, especially for people who are marginalized in the communities that we serve with our music, these people have hard lives and so music should be an escapism and it often is. And so a lot of people go to the club. You go to the club, people work hard all week, they save up their coin, they go to the club, they don't wanna hear somebody talk about the election or black nationalism or You know what I'm, they feel how You do it.


I got drag for saying that in this room. You gotta let me say it with you. Yeah, thank you. Because I basically was trying to say that as well too. Like even if I have like conscious music that I listen to, like when I'm out and I'm partying, I really don't, it's the stuff gets heavy. Like I just wanna party and have this song Me Perfect. She started off by saying, nobody wanna hear that It's not what's not what I said. That's how it was edited That said not what Kendrick the party You know. It's, I was asked the question, it's not what I said, it was how it was edited. And I was asked the question for the Cliffs. Yeah. Right. I feel like I think he edited it with his own fingers. Right? What I was basically trying to say is like, even if the music


The World is constantly changing, it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold, to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally kicks the dynamic. New exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love Shop Pandora jewelry today.


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer 'em on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you are now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether that's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way they look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes, everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on feature iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at anytime subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply to att.com/iphone for details.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords. We're charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price Gougers who are keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris. And I, approve this message because you work hard for your paycheck. You should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


It's great. And it has a place I think like more people feel like they want the escapism they do a lot of time. That's deserve. That's how I feel anyway. Deserve. I'm Deserve. Not a stats person but This movie, this movie that Issa Rae did years ago. She kind like set us up for the Kendrick and Drake battle. I forget what it's called. It's Issa Rae and Laki Stanfield. I Know who you talking about. In that movie there was an argument between about Kendrick and Drake. It was a romcom joint. Yeah, I can't remember the name of it though, but I'm looking at It. The whole movie's based on he liked Kendrick, she liked Drake. And at the end of the movie he like, I don't mean a spoil spoiler alert, but he buys her tickets to a Kendrick Lamar concert. 'cause it was like the philosophy of what Drake represents versus what Kendrick represents. Why The hell my brain called the photograph? I never photograph photograph. I never realized.


Why am I realizing that now though? Yo, but she, she, She was early on that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She was early. I I don't, she dope. She's just acting anymore. I don't know if she wrote or produced it, but she's You know she was the catalyst behind the movie. But I, I don't know why that hasn't come up. I haven't heard that all year long at the first one. I just thought about it just when you just said, okay, I just thought about it. But You know I got this song Get by. It's my biggest song. Whenever something Bad Happens to black people, y'all play it up here in the radio station. Yeah. Yep. You know what I'm saying? We was playing early You know You know what it is, but, but You know I used to go to strip clubs a lot. I didn't, I didn't go to strip clubs until I became known as a rapper You. know what I'm saying? Like a certain era of rap strip clubs were very popular and I would go into strip club and the DJs.


A lot of the DJs, this is before like you could get title on your Sato, the DJs, a lot of times in strip strip clubs, they might have just get by in they in they crates. So I'm walking the strip club and they playing get by and them strippers just like, ah, I want to hear this. I want have to twerk to this You. know what I'm saying? So yeah. I Even though they doing what they need to do just to get by. That's True. So I get what you're saying, but I will say this to that point because what you're saying is correct, the hardest thing to do is to make conscious music. A hundred percent. I agree with you. And that's, and and that's, that's, I challenge myself. I run to it. And knowing that challenge, knowing people wanna hear that escapism. How can I be so dope that even though they don't want to hear this, they hear it, they still gonna have to hear All.


We got more with Talib Quali when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the NV Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Laura la Rosa filling in for Jess and NLAs hanging out with us. We're still kicking it with Ty Lib Quale, his new album, the Confidence of Knowing His Out. Now Charlamagne, Do labels still even matter? Like, like what? Like what has changed since the, since the nineties, early two thousands. Like if it ain't radio, if it ain't labels, like what do artists do? I think it's You know the power of the people I was listening to y'all talk about Tyler, the creator. I think what people from his generation, like the conversation that Tyler that was had around Tyler and DJ Khaled when their records dropped at the same time and Khaled was on social media.


Like not understanding how Tyler went. Number one. I think that to me signified the change. Yes. Where we are going from this like very industry based radio with your relationships with radio to like the internet. The internet. Because Tyler is the internet developing your organic fan base. And I Think Tyler and Odd Future and You know people like that are are they now like that like y'all was alluding to They now the old school of that now this new kids who I probably not don't even know about. It's, it was interesting, right? 'cause when you have these conversations even about a Tyler, the creator, And I, I even think about You know you and Mo and all of them. You gotta sit back and think to why aren't those guys in the like the the top five, top You know greatest of all time conversations are the best of their era conversations.


'cause it's almost like y'all, I think they are have The machine behind. I think they are for tho for tho we, I think we not in those conversations, people like our age are not having them conversation. I think that the Kids are Yeah. Yeah. But I guess that's what I'm, the question I'm trying to ask. When I look at a group like Black Star, most Dev Tali should be mentioned in greatest hip hop groups of all time ate that. Is it because there was no machine behind you to push that button? Well, To We had a button pushed though, to be fair. Okay. Ruckus Raus gave the illusion of independence. But what made Raus different wasn't just the artist they signed. It was because they took Black Star Company Flow and Ji rap and all these people. And they spent the money.


They paid the payola, they paid the, they paid for the parties. They had this house in the Hamptons. You don't gotta do the quotation marks. You know. You know. Pay Real. Yeah. I don't wanna get nobody in trouble You know what I'm Saying? I ain't no DJ You know. But they, they paid for when you in that era, you saw raucous videos on Rap City on 1 0 6 and park on they, and they, they they, the radio promo, all that stuff, they did all the stuff the major label did while saying we're independent. And I think that's the difference. So It was a lie the whole time. They were technically, yeah, technically they were independent, but they were independent spending the way the majors were spending. Got You, got you. Do you, do you feel like Black Star made a a, a wise decision or a poor decision by putting not by not putting the last album out?


Why? That's a great question. There's pros and cons to it. The pros are the deal I did with Luminary, which was a podcast company to put the Black Star album out with Luminary meant that with, by the time you heard the album, I'm In The Black. That's never happened in my career. Wow. Normally I have to go out and beg people to come buy the album. Hey y'all, I got a new album out And I didn't have to do that. I already made my money back before the album ever came out. And so financially, lucrative wise, it made a ton of sense in The World. But I'm still a product of this culture. I still want to be involved in the culture. I'm a rapper. I want people to hear my raps. So the trade off is we made our money. I didn't lose any money, but a lot, a lot of people didn't get to hear the album.


I will say that I, I wish, and this is a wish and a hope that people would be more to your, I wanted to say this to you earlier about being a conscious consumer. 'cause you said you enter conscious music. But I think too often we put the onus on the artist to be conscious, particularly rappers. And we don't put the onus on ourselves to be conscious consumers. Conscious radio hosts, conscious radio programmers, conscious DJs, conscious whatever. Conscious teachers, conscious garbage collectors, everything. And if you're a conscious consumer, you're gonna wanna meet the artist where they're at. See, That's actually what I really was trying to ask and the confidence of knowing. 'cause being conscious is like You know so much and you, you'll say these things but people don't really hear you.


And like, is that frustrating? Yeah. There's a lot of things that I, that I hate being correct about And. I get frustrated. But that's just ego. So I have to remove my ego from that. And that's, that's why I laugh because I've been working on that a lot lately. What were you correct about that now you'd be like, Hmm. Told y'all like you were correct then. But now it Would, it would so much of There's, I know there's one you'd be, you'd be Like, you could point to the song. I don't think It's ego to be like I told you. Yeah. Like I feel like These, I don't think that's evil at all. It has to be at least one or two. Gimme like the top two of like top, I've Said it the top. Okay. I used to be on social media a lot. I've been kicked off a bunch of social media. 'cause I argue with people And I gauge. And they, they don't want that And I. What the arguments I'm having are over like bigotry and politics.


It's not like for in my, in my opinion, it's not trivial stuff. It's stuff that's important to talk about. But man, if you ask anybody about me on social media, who's not a fan of me, you'll hear this often. Tale Qualy calls everybody a Nazi. He say, why is he always saying everything is white nationalism. Everything is, and what's in the news? What's dominant in the news cycle? You Ain't gotta tell me Right wing General. Yeah, general. Who in his and gave the definition of fascism. He said Fascism is a right wing extremist. That's right. Authoritarian philosophy that this guy that I worked under when I was his military advisor is a fascist. This guy praises Hitler. I've been ringing this bell for years. This 2016. I was out in front of the White House protesting 'cause he was saying fascist Hitler like things.


And people were like, you are crazy. You keep saying Nazi people would come to my page. I put up an anti-Trump post and people would stop what they doing in they day and come to my page and be like, you shouldn't do that. You're a Democratic puppet. You're a puppet of the Jews. This is the type of things people will say to me. You tell me that I'm a, because I'm against Nazi, that I'm a puppet of the Jews. That's right. You know who you sound like. You sound like a Nazi. The Nazis And And I felt like I was going crazy a little bit because to me it's clear I'm, I'm a little disappointed in our mainstream media. 'cause the way that CNN and M-S-N-B-C and all them, they're on the story now, but it's like, this is nothing new. I just had this conversation with Anderson Cooper last night. Yeah. Like literally, because I I I've, I've been talking about this double standard.


The fact that we treat Trump so normally is mind boggling to me. Yeah. And if you've ever read like a book, like the fall, the rise and fall of the third, right. You can see exactly. We're on the same exact path. A fast track to fascism in a minute. It is when Trump comes out and says Kamala Harris is a socialist, communist, Marxist. Those are the enemies of the Nazis politically. Yep. That's the opposite political spectrum. So if someone is trying to panter the Nazis, they're gonna call you a socialist. They're gonna call you a communist. They're gonna, and Kamala Harris is not any of these things. She's an imperialist, she's a capitalist. She's not a socialist. She's never been a socialist. She's never been a communist.


These are just boogeyman words. And and the Democrats, Kamala Harris, Joe Biden, You know all of them. Barack Obama, bill c Clinton, the Democrats as a party. There's so many things you could say that they've done wrong. There's so many flaws. There's so many times they've taken advantage of the black community. There's so, so much out there you could criticize them for. And a lot of these criticisms are valid. But what I find disheartening is you have people who can now become experts and can eloquently tell you how racist the 94 crime bill was and why Joe Biden shouldn't have said on this show, You know vote for me if I'm black. Black. They could, they could. They know all that stuff. But then you point to Trump's racism. And I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it.


What? That's right. That's right. I can't trust you. I'd rather trust someone who says I don't trust either one of them. That's right. That someone who's trying to convince me to support Trump. Alright, we got more with tele quali when we come back. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess NLAs hanging in with us for this interview. And we got Qualy in the building. Lauren, When Kanye was on drink Champs and he made the comment versus you conversation. And then you had, respondent was like, you talked about how he told you that he didn't really wanna be down for Trump. That Rick Rubin made him do that. And like all that stuff, right? Yeah. Have you talked to Kanye since, all of that stuff? Yeah. The last time I spoke to Kanye, I ran into him at a hotel maybe last March.


This is after drink champs. After drink Champs. And, and and this is after your comment. Had he saw what you said in response? Yes. This is the first time I saw Kanye after drink. Champs And I walked up on him. He said, I knew that was you. I could tell from your silhouette of your baseball hat from across the room. We had a long conversation. And he told me then that he does not support Trump anymore. He said things since then publicly that would lead me to believe he still supports Trump. This guy goes back and forth. But when he sees me both times I saw him, he says, I don't support Trump. I feel like he don't wanna say that in front of me, but if you watch the drink Champs, he says Talib Kuali is always telling me to read. I wish he would read himself to death. That's what he said on the show. And it's because a lot of the things he says, I would send him links and articles instead of just you wrong.


I'd be like, he read this. And so he was res that's what he was reacting to. The fact that I keep trying to make him read And I feel like Kanye's a genius. He's an icon. Musical genius. Yeah. Musical genius. Fashion icon. I culturally he's very important, but he's not very well read. Yep. He's admittedly, admittedly, yeah, admittedly, I don't read admittedly And I think not being well read. I, I don't education shame. I try to be careful 'cause my parents are educators. I, so I try to be careful. But I feel like the education, American education system is failing us. And this is why someone who's been indicted for rape has a very strong shot of being president for the second time. And so you haven't talked to him recently to know like where he sits with the Kamala the the Trump Right now I don't Even think we care.


Yeah. I don't And I don't know what we shouldn't care. I don't, yeah. I don't know what his position is on this now, but I do, last time I spoke to him directly, he seemed personally offended by like not getting what he, the relationship he wanted from Trump. You know Kanye. Kanye. I understand Kanye. Kanye goes where he's liked. There was a documentary made about Me a few years ago and someone interviewed Kanye and he talked about how he met me and most deaf and Yasim Bay. And he said, nobody liked my beats. No one liked my rhymes. But I started working with these guys 'cause they like me. When you see Kanye talk about his love for Trump, it's rooted in Obama dissing him. Yeah. These guys like me. You know when you see him wear the red Hat, it's 'cause he's like the MAGA people. They're supporting me even when nobody else is.


These people support me. I think in the era of likes and wanting to be liked, I think Kanye just wants to be liked. Damn Understandable. That's sad. Yeah. I I mean, You know, man, once you see him hug Trump in the Oval Office and say, you like a dad to me? He said, he said, I ain't never looked at him. Same. You made Me feel like a man. I really have not looked at him the same Since. Yeah, man, I, I got a lot of love for that guy. But he be saying wild stuff. How do you feel about the state of hip hop today for just from just cultural aspects. When you think of the Kanyes, when you think of the Diddys, like You know, like Russell Simmons, it's like these, these pillars of our culture, the disdains that are on their legacies now, what do you, what do you think about that? It's too, it's twofold. I'm conflicted about this a little bit. I don't think we could separate, I don't think we should separate these people from hiphop.


Hip hop is beautiful. It's ugly. Hip hop is good. It's bad. We have conscious activists in who are uplifting the community in hip hop. We have abusers and rapists in hip hop. We have all of it. So I think we do a disservice to ourself to not talk about it in that way. We have to hold each other accountable. We should, in the hip hop community, we should hold these people accountable who are doing these things before it leaves our community. Before we see, have to see the mainstream media. Explain to us what a freak off is. You know what I'm saying? We should, this should already be issues handled in our community. With that said, I'm Glad. I don't know what the freak off is. I couldn't it, I couldn't explain it if I tried. You see the baby Oil? Did you see the baby Oil bomb? Oh, y'all, y'all here. I still brought y'all Charla.


Is that from Don? Yes, exactly. See? Yes. But I will say that in the conversation, And I alluded to this earlier, we have to also understand that the conversation about hip hop is not being had with people like me in mind, with the conscious artists in mind. And so yes, hiphop is all those things, but hip hop is also, is also very beautiful. I don't think hip hop should be held accountable for what Didi is accused of. I agree. I don't think hip hop should be held accountable for what any of these people are accused of or doing. Or with Didi, even with Didi, like there's the accusations and then what we actually saw in the tape. So that's not an accusation. Like we saw him hit that girl like that and beat on that girl like that. And like we have to deal with that. But to me, that's not a hip hop thing that we, we can't blame hip hop for that.


But as a hip hop community, we should circle the wagons and address it. And I think that that's important too with hip hop artists. Because I feel like a lot of times when things happen, you really don't know where to lie because certain things have been normalized. And also too, you wanna believe all women. But then sometimes we find out in through court cases that things aren't true. But I think it's important, like what you just said is like you allowed, you said You know what? I got that wrong. And then being able to step back and like learn for me as a woman, I've learned so much from my male friends about that on my side of things, And I think if men, especially men in hip hop, were able to remove their ego, the chains, how big the chains are, how much they cost, and really listen to some of the women that are in their lives.


Because You know what Lauren, I will say this 'cause Lauren's absolutely right in everything that she's saying. I think that the things we thought was just music or the things we thought was just jokes did trigger somebody. 'cause somebody actually went through that. I learned that watching the the, the Dream Hampton doc that she did on r Kelly. When I, when the, when the victims were talking about how Chappelle's jokes and boondocks jokes and everybody's jokes had affected them. And I was like, yo, I never thought about that. 'cause in my mind we was clowning r Kelly. You never thought about. And some people need the jokes to get over it. Some people do Or some just funny And some are just funny. Some Are just funny. Like that's the other thing. Some just funny but the confidence in knowing. Right. You got a lot of new artists on this album.


Yes. A lot of new artists. What, why was that intentional? Shout out to Jay Rawles. I've done more features than anybody maybe besides Busta Rhymes. And so I'm kind of like tired of asking people for features. You know. 'cause you feel like you have the favorite bank with people. You don't wanna exhaust it. And, I and raw. Like we should need we some features. And I said, okay, Rawl, I don't feel like calling up any more favors from these artists, but you tell me what your wishlist is and I'll make one phone call. And if they deliver within the next couple of months, I'm not chasing nobody for these features. I'll, I'll put the call out and God bless everybody on the album. Every person on that wishlist is on this album. Oh wow. So that was Jay Rawles. I want to, he's like, I wanna work with JT Rose. I had never heard of JT Rose. I wanna work with Coach Contra.


I, I was familiar with Coach Contra. Love the Coach You Know what saying. I was like, but I wasn't sure they were gonna get on the album. Even with the song I did with them. It's probably the most, the saunas gained the most traction from the album Swat. I sent them five beats before they picked the beat. They were very serious about like, You know Georgia, Ann Muldrow is someone, he, he said, I want Buckshot on the album. I was like, that's nothing We could get buckshot on the album. So yeah, it's like, shout out to Jay Raw for making that decision. You Got the song Native Sons on the album. Yes. What, what's that song represent for you? Man, that song means so much to me. The Native Tongues is my foundation. Ju Brothers Tropical Quest, love Soul Dela Soul Queen Latifah Mon Love Black Sheep, bus Rhymes leader, new Scali beat Nuts. What they laid down is like, that's really my blueprint as an artist.


And so that song, I'm trying to figure out how much I wanna share about this story, share it. But, but I, 'cause I was asked not to share certain aspects of it. Okay. But I, what I will say is that song started out in a darker place. And because it's a tribute to the Native Tongues, I sent it to Q-tip. And he was like, that's not the right energy. And Q-tip gave me suggestions on what I could do with that song. And I took his suggestions and because of that, the song is one of my biggest songs. Recently we went on Jimmy Fallon with the song. I got a remix coming with some special guests that people gonna really love. I hope it's the Native Tongues. Some of them are okay. Yeah. Some of them are And I. Just gotta thank q-tip. 'cause I sit, the last bar on that song was a tribe called Quests in the Hall of Fame.


What did it mean for you to see Tribe Called Quest get inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? It means that I'm, we're doing the right thing. It means that when, when I had, when we had the confidence in knowing back then when hip hop wasn't this global thing that we were right. I feel so good for the family of Fife. Q-tip is, if you watch that documentary, that rap report did about Tribe called Quest, Pharrell in that documentary says, we're all they sons. And musically I believe that Tali quali y'all the confidence in knowing new album with Jay Rawles is out right now. Thank you for coming, my Brother. Yes. Thank y'all. Absolutely. Thank you. It's Tali Ali is The Breakfast Club. Good Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Make sure you pick up his album. What's the name of his album? The Confidence of Knowing.


Confidence of Knowing Out Right Now. All right, well let's get to Just With the Mess with Lauren la Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lie. Don't She, Don't nobody. World mess on The. Breakfast Club, the coaches. I'm back. And, I got the Mess. Talk to me Now. I know we covered a bit of this in front page news, but I wanted to go back to Beyonce and Kelly in Texas because we didn't get a chance to listen to Kelly Rowland when she, she was the person that did the, the first speech before Beyonce.


And we didn't get a chance to listen to that. So I did wanna listen to it because I felt like Kelly went off. Let's take a listen to Kelly Rowland. We Are grabbing back the PenFed from those who are trying to write an American story that would deny the right for women to make our own decisions about our body. Houston, we're grabbing back the PenFed that PenFed to forge a new path with Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz. We are grabbing back the PenFed to write a new American story, A story of community, of equality, strength of kindness, and of hope. And today that means grabbing that PenFed and casting my vote as I already did two days ago for Kamala Harris and Tim Walks.


Now Houston, you've already had a hand in creating destiny. So do what you do and do this thing again. So Kelly and Beyonce. Yeah, Kelly and Beyonce both like their messages were, it is like they use the whole like, music analogy to like get their points across the PenFed. And you already had a chance at making Destiny, destiny do it again. But I thought she went, she went into a reproductive right to just You know all this different things, these different things that are so important right now. But the energy was just there. She set the tone for the energy. So I wanted to make sure we took a listen there, drop On a Kelly kill bombs for the good chocolate Kelly Kelly Rose salute To Kelly. Yes. Now following Beyonce and Kelly speaking in Houston, Amber Rose got on Twitter and she jokingly, she said it was a joke, but it wasn't taken a as a joke at first, she tweeted, she wanna be like me so bad, literally stole my whole speech talking about Beyonce.


M boy did she learn a lesson about getting on Beyonce's internet and acting crazy like that. It picked up everywhere. Of course people went crazy like, girl, what are you talking about? Stole your speech. Why would you ever compare yourself to Beyonce? Why would Beyonce ever be check it for you, blah, blah, blah. So she had to clear it up. They, she was out in LA and they, they ran into her and she cleared it up by basically just saying, I was trolling. I didn't think it would get picked up that wide. Now mind y'all, Amber Rose knows she had centered herself in this whole political conversation. Sis knew what she was doing with that tweet. She knew exactly what she was doing with that tweet, and they got the response that I guess she was saying she didn't want, but it happened and she had to clear it up. So please steer, steer clear. Do not play with Beyonce on her internet and let Kelly Rowland go off always.


Period. Now, in other political news, we talked about Trump at MSG earlier, but we didn't Madison Square Garden, but we didn't get into Dr. Phil. Now, I don't know what surprised me more this weekend. Dwayne Wade statue or Dr. Phil at this rally, we gonna talk about that statue too. They were both horrible. Yo, let's take a listen to Dr. Phil at MSG speaking on behalf or for in, in support of president or former President Trump. By the way, we didn't choose the name for that. By random Merit Street Media, this country was built on hard work, added value and talent, not on equal outcome, not on DEI.


This country was built on Hard work. I wanna understand why people who are so against DEI and like the affirmative action and stuff like that. Like why do they think just because people diversify things that the diversity isn't talented? Is it warranted smart? Yeah. Or it doesn't have merit because I don't know if Dr. Phil remembered, but the black woman that put him on, she worked hard. She was smart, she was talented. I'm talking about Oprah. Absolutely. So I'm, I'm just very confused why they like, don't put the two synonymously together. Like, just because it's, I'm adding to a diversity number. I'm not smart and talented. Or maybe they don't want to have to compete with people that they know probably will be better than them. Listen, You know and if, if you're, if you, me, mediocrity has no problem with other forms of mediocrity.


But You know when you bring somebody that's just in the room that may just be naturally more brilliant, naturally more intelligent, naturally just better than you on every level. Maybe you just wanna keep them out the room so you don't have to compete. Yeah. But those people just don't have the opportunities a lot of times don't have the, the money don't have a lot of the, the things that they need to get into that position. And sometimes, yes, DEII mean, look at all the people that have to go to colleges that have never got an opportunity. I would never have gotten an opportunity to go to some of those Harvards and Stanford's and in those places because of it. So, Yeah. And, and America is not America without DEI. I'm, I'm not, I'm forget, forget the You know whole corporate definition of DEI. I'm just talking about diversity, equity, and inclusion. Inclusion. Right. If you don't have diversity and inclusion in America, you don't have an America Baby.


Lemme tell you the way they flooding in Dr. Phil's comments today. Y'all been on his Instagram. I've never You never went to his Instagram? No. They are in the comments. Pissed. Okay. I was so surprised to see Dr. Phil on that stage, especially I feel like Were you what? Yes. I was like, if you were going to vote, yeah, that was surprised if you were going to vote for Trump. Okay, cool. Do you But to get out there, to be now a walking poster child for him, after all of the things that have been said and things that have been done recently, I'm like, does he not know his audience? Because my grandma and my aunts, I couldn't wait to tell them To Tell him. We not watching them shows no more. They love him be of Oprah and how she like had him on his, on her back forever. So they love him.


But no, and my grandma, she already got up and did her early voting and all that. But she was very upset. She Very upset with Dr. Phil. Yes, She was. Oh, feel free to come up here and explain Dr. Phil if you feel so inclined. He's Been up here many times. Plenty Of times I've been on Dr. Phil's show plenty of times, Man, they, that wasn't it. They missed the mark with that one. All right, well that was just with the mess with Laura Rosa Charlemagne. Yes indeed. Who you Giving that donker too? Man,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love Shop Pandora jewelry today.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords who are charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price gougers who are keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris. And I, approve this message because you work hard for your paycheck. You should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


What's up? It's me. Don Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earring candy. Check out bows.com for more


Before or after the hour. Let's, let's continue to talk about the rally that happened at the garden yesterday. I'd like Tony Hinchcliffe to come to the front of the congregation. Stephen Milligan. Come to the front of the congregation. Donald Trump's whole campaign can come to the front of the congregation. You know. Let's have a word with all of 'em. Okay? Yeah. All right, well let's get to that next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast. Club. This is a miracle. There is No question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a donkey. The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now to new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, Yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he Did.


And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud That my wife is white The Breakfast. Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day? Donkey of the Day for Monday, October 28th goes the comedian. Tony Hinchcliffe Trump, senior advisor Stephen Miller. Hell, the whole Trump campaign. Okay, now, if you haven't heard, Donald Trump held a rally at Madison Square Garden yesterday. Now, a lot of people were likening this rally to a pro-Nazi event that happened at the Garden in 1939. People would only make those comparisons based on the rhetoric of Donald Trump because there's been other political events at M-S-G-J-F-K had a birthday party there.


That's when Marilyn Monroe serenaded him. The DNC and the RNC have had conventions there. It's been political events there before, but none of those got compared to pro-Nazi events because the headliner of the events didn't speak like Nazis. Okay, well, you would think that if leading up to the event people were comparing You know, comparing the event to a pro-Nazi rally. If I was Trump or Trump's campaign, I would probably tell everybody on the bill to go the opposite way of that rhetoric. But that wouldn't be the mag way, would it? Tony Hinchcliffe, according to People Magazine was the first speaker of nearly 30 openers, and he let the chopper fly. He hit Latinos, Jewish people and black people. He was just the opener. Okay, let's listen to what he said about Jewish people and the conflict in the Middle East.


We got that ready. When it comes to Israel and Palestine, we're all thinking the same thing. Settle your stuff already best outta three. Rock, paper, scissors, You. know the Palestinians are gonna throw rock every time. Nielsen of the Jews have a hard time throwing that paper You. know what I'm saying? Let's listen to what Tony Hinch cliff said about black people. The other side's got a lot of crazy endorsements. Swift, Eminem, Leo DiCaprio, Beyonce. Every day the Democratic Party looks more and more like a P Diddy party. Oh.


Oh, okay. Okay. That's what you guys want. Heck yeah. That's cool. Black guy with a thing on his head. What the hell is that? A lampshade. Look at this guy. Oh my goodness. I'm just kidding. That's one of my buddies. He had a Halloween party last night. We had fun. We carved watermelons together. It was awesome. Let's listen to what he said about Latinos. It's wild. And these Latinos, they love making babies too. Just know that They do. They do. There's no pulling out. They don't do that. They come inside just like they did to our country. It is absolutely wild times. There's a lot going on. Like, I don't know if you guys know this, but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now.


Yeah. I think it's called Puerto Rico. He's, wow. Yo Trump should have took him off on speakerphone. He's crazy. Like, that's the friend. You don't put the like, come on, Jesus Christ. He's like, what? Nah. Here's the thing. I'm all for offensive comedy. Okay? I actually love it. I, don't have an issue with it. Push the envelope. It has a place. But what's the number one rule of offensive humor? It has to be funny, hysterical. You have to say to yourself, that was effed up. But man, it was funny, Tony, you wasn't funny. Okay? I was sitting there thinking to myself, he wrote this like it was basic felt almost chat g Tish, right? First of all, SL to all the Puerto Ricans out there. Drop on a clues box for Puerto Rico. Okay? Y'all are America.


If you're not America, you're damn sure in New York, okay? All day, right? New Yorkers love Puerto Ricans, new Yorkers You know. Think Puerto Rico is an exotic and and beautiful island because it is. And Puerto Rico is part of America. Am I tripping? It is. Okay. It's absolutely positively is Tony, you was in that pandering and didn't even know who you was. Pandering too. Okay. I think the black joke was some crowd work, but everything else, it sounds like he actually gave thought to it, wrote it out. Which makes this even worse because it simply wasn't funny. And what I don't get, what I don't understand, and the reason I'm giving out this hee-haw, is why? What is the reason? And, I'm talking directly to the Trump campaign. You are running a campaign to be the next president of the United States of America.


You have to be a president to all people, or at least act like you are. Okay? There was a point where Republican, Matt Gaetz said, for every Karen Maga loses, there is a Julio and Jamal ready to sign up. Now what that means is that poll show, they are losing white women and polls were showing that they were seeing record numbers in black and Latino men. That has recently changed. 'cause I saw a A BC news poll yesterday that showed the Vice president Kamala Harris winning black men, 85% Hispanic men, 63%. So either something she is currently doing is working, or those polls saying black men weren't supporting her. We're wrong. I lean to the polls we're wrong. But let's just talk politics, right? This is, this was just bad politics yesterday.


This is why I say Donald Trump is in entertaining on podcast. Okay? Donald Trump is entertaining on podcasts, but he's really bad at politics. At some point, people have to start acknowledging this. He hasn't won a campaign since 2016, and because he's not able, he's not able to grow his base past maga. That's it. Okay? He will always win big with his base, but he can't broaden his support because of stuff like this. Now, his campaign did release a statement. This is what they said. Let's go to ABC seven, New York for the report Police. Tony Hinch. Cliff is a comedian and podcaster and his remarks set off an avalanche of criticism. His comments targeted a critical demographic in a very tight election. Crazy analysts anticipate a record.


36.2 million Latinos will cast a ballot this year. Many of them Puerto Ricans who live in New York and Florida and Pennsylvania officials in Puerto Rico responded as well. Jennifer Gonzalez, a Republican running to be the island's governor, called the comments despicable, inappropriate, and disgusting. In Florida, Republican senator Rick Scott said the joke bombed for a reason. It's not funny and it's not true. Puerto Ricans are amazing people and amazing Americans. Moments ago, Hinchcliffe came to his own defense. He said, these people have no sense of humor. I love Puerto Rico and vacation there.


Now, former President Trump's campaign released a statement tonight saying the joke does not reflect the views of President Trump or the campaign. Nope. You can't distance yourself from it now. There is no distance. You put this man on your program. You didn't vet anything he was gonna say. You just let him go up there and speak freely. You cannot have it both ways. You can't garner the support of bigots and white supremacists and then distance yourself when the inev inevitable backlash comes. Okay? That wasn't the only thing though. Trump's senior advisor, Steven Miller, he said, America is for Americans. And Americans only You know who said something similar in 1934. Adolf Hitler when he said Germany is for Germans and Germans only do we have Steven's comments.


America is for Americans and Americans only. That was last night. Once again, 1934. Adolf Hitler, German is for Germans and Germans only. Listen man, why insult any demographic when the election is so tight? And if you wanna support Trump as a black person, Latino person, Jewish person, that's your business. But just know you are voting against your own interest. You are voting for a man and a power structure that simply does not respect you. Okay? We've been watching and listening to this kind of rhetoric since 2016. And the words of Maya Angelou, when someone shows you who they are, believed them. I stand on the fact that Donald Trump does not wanna be president of the United States of America. I bet if they cut him with some type of deal to where he wouldn't end up in prison, he would walk away because he's doing everything in his power to not win.


Now he's building up an incredible code of racist and bigots that are gonna support him to the end. But he's not trying to win this election. And if you are black, Latino, Jewish, any minority women, if you are any minority, and you are voting for Donald Trump, I have one question. Who taught you to hate yourself? Please give Tony Hench. Cliff the whole Trump campaign. The biggest. He haw? Mm. Alright. I don't even know. Like what did Trump say over the like at the riot? I ain't Hear it. I didn't hear, honestly, I don't even know. I cited a Beyonce, the dance party with Beyonce. But that was before he got the New Yorker. After he left. No, that Was before. After. Okay. I only seen a picture. I didn't actually him talk. He Probably kept it light.


He was like, man, y'all went too hard. You know when you a DJ and you got a bunch of DJs opening for you and they played all the hits and it's like, damn, what do I do now? Yeah, I don't even know what he said. Dang. We can Chacha slide. Chacha slide is Crazy. They did that last time, didn't they? Didn't they Chacha slide before? I don't know. I thought he played some music today with Chacha. Carbon Watermelons is crazy that That is wild. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, Tony Rock, Chris Rock's brother. He was, he was trending over the weekend because he was all doing his podcast. And this is what he said during the podcast, right? This is something that I've always wanted to know. How is it that Chris Rock is your brother? And I don't see you in no Chris Rock. And. I. Before you answer, here's the one that me up the most.


The movie that Chris and Martin was in where they played Brothers. Oh, definitely me up. I'm going, not in a million years do Chris Rock and Mar Martin have the same facial features? Yes. Tony is his brother and look like him. How is Joni not in the fucking movie playing his brother? Explain that to me to, to try to explain my brother. He's a businessman when it comes to his movies and TV stuff, You. know what I'm saying? So Martin's bigger than me. I need to sell this movie. Tone's my brother. Yes, there, there will be some You know. Hey, him and his brother in a movie. Let's go check it out. But him and Martin pushed the needle more. Chris will tell you, I've asked him for five favors my whole life.


He said, no. Every time And I swore on everything I loved, I would never ask him for anything as long as I lived. Mm. So the question 805 8 5 1 0 5 1, should you have to put your brother on your family on? That is the question. Let's talk about it when we come back again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Should you have to put your brother on? It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club my phone, man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne guy.


We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. If you're just joining us, we're talking about something Tony Rock said, which is Chris Rock's brother about him being in movies or doing stuff with his brother Chris Rock. Let's listen Chris, something that I've always wanted to know. How is it that Chris Rock is your brother? And I don't see you in no Chris Rock. And. I, before you answer, here's the one that me up the most. The movie that Chris and Martin was in where they played Brothers. Oh, definitely me up. I'm going. Not in a million years. Do Chris Rock and Mar Martin have the same facial features? Yes. Tony is his brother and look like him. How is Jonie not in the fucking movie playing his brother?


Explain that to me to try to explain my brother, he's a businessman when it comes to his movies and TV stuff, right? You. know what I'm saying? So Martin's bigger than me. I need to sell this movie. Tone's my brother. Yes, there, there will be some You know, Hey, him and his brother in a movie. Let's go check it out. But him and Martin push the needle more. Chris will tell you, I've asked him for five favors my whole life. He said, no. Every time And I swore on everything I loved, I would never ask him for anything as long as I live. So we're asking 805 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? You know if should you be, should you have to put your family on? That is the question. I don't have any brothers or sisters. I'm an only child. So I'm gonna ask you guys in room first. You have brothers?


I, yes, I have a older brother, younger brother. And do you have to? No. Should you, yes, but I think you do set boundaries depending on that your, your relationship, but also depending on You know what your brother or your sister, whoever can do. And you gotta protect kind of what you've built sometimes. But, but Tony Tony's funny as hell. Yeah, But I was about to say, if you got a talented family member that is in the business and is doing well and can uphold their own, like why not? Like You know what I mean? I I just look at You know and And. I don't know their relationship. I don't know if they have problems, if they don't like each other or what their relationship is. I don't know. We're not in that family. But I always look at the Wayans Brothers, right? Yeah. And the Wayans, they hire everybody and not just for in front of the camera.


You know they come up here, they talk about behind the scenes, runners, showrunners and all this other stuff. So I wouldn't know if Tony wasn't funny, then I'd be like, okay, I get it. But Tony's Funny age. But when the Chris Rock Will Smith stuff happened, Tony came out like, ready to Fight For Chris. It's his brother. That's his brother, right? You know what I mean? So it seems like they, they cool, like they just got a sibling relationship. So I don't know what's going on. What day Shaw? He ain't hiring nobody. I don't know. I mean, like, You know. Yeah. I don't feel like you not ob I don't feel like you obligated to to, to put, put on, put on a family member. I think you should put on people who put themselves in positions to win. And you should put on people who you feel like you want to put on. Like, I mean, I guess that it gotta be in your spirit, right? Like if I don't know what the situation is, maybe Chris feels like he maybe hasn't had the right role for Tony.


I don't know what it is. I don't know what the reasoning is. You know what I mean? I know there's two sides to every story, but do you have to No. Are you obligated to? No. Should you? It depends. See, it depends. I If I had a brother or sister that I, I think my mother and my father would make me. Oh, they Try to make you on Time. My mom, me, like my moms, my boss would force me. They would like, what you doing? You bringing your brother with you? Like they would force me. Yes. But, but I would force my kids too. Like when my kids do something, my be like, take your brother with you. Make sure your brother knows what you doing. Make sure you say like, Yes. But then if you had siblings, you will also know, like it's certain times where taking your brother with you might not make sense depending on where your brother is in his life or whatever. But I have no issue with that. Like when you can help you help when you, you can't sink the ship.


If you build, if you the person that's building the ship, you can't sink the ship trying to help everybody else. True. Unless that person, like Charlotte said, if it ain't in a position to You, know what I mean? They gonna keep and push the ship. Cool. Go ahead. Yeah, you gotta put, you can only put people in positions to win if said person has already put themself in a position. That's the whole thing about putting somebody on, right? You don't, you don't really put people on. People put themselves on and then you assist, assist them. Assist in helping them. Either he's on the oop, get to that next level or you see an opportunity for them and this person is already prepared for it. Then you plug them in. Like there's really no such thing as putting somebody on. I can't just wave a magic wand and say, haha, you're on Sitting on nobody lap Don't work either.


That ain't true. Hello? Who's this? Good morning, it's Lynn. Hey Lynn. Good morning. What's your thoughts Lynn? I feel like he should have put his brother on. I feel like in certain communities people always feel like they gotta struggle. I'm not saying like put on a lazy family member, but if you see that they working hard, like help him out. Okay. They can, but don't they gotta be the right thing though. Like it gotta be the right opportunity. Like you can't just put him anywhere. You wanna put 'em in a position to win even more for the Martin conversation. You talking about Go ahead. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I mean you're right, but at the end of the day, who were you pick and choose what would've been right or wrong. Like you gotta give the opportunity. No, you, the business you Business owner See that Don't make no sense. Exactly. You can't say who are you?


I'm the person that's putting them in Position. Yeah. Gotta make sense. It makes sense. The Martin thing that he said, it's like I get that Martin's a bigger name. You trying to sell a movie, but there has had, there has had to be other times where he could have threw the, we all have wondered this. 'cause I used to wonder, wonder that about Tony too. Like why? Because he opened up with his brother a couple times. Right? Didn't, he didn't open up for Chris a Couple times. Yeah, but it's Chris Rock. It's so much other things that he can also do as well too, like movies and shows. It's just a lot. Like, I think the, I think the top five example he gave was the best one. 'cause he said that Chris told him that he was going put him in the movie And he never got the call and Didn't. Yeah. So that, that to me is the best example. That's crazy. Right? But that's crazy though. You saying that 'cause you think it's crazy. Yeah, I think it's crazy. That's a, that's a better example than the Martin thing. But I just look at the Waynes brothers And I guess it's two different families, two different people.


But I just look at, I mean they had showing a dj, they had this one doing this. They had their brothers in so much stuff to make sure their brothers would be, their family was taken care of. I just look at that differently. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Robin from Detroit. Robin, what up do Hi. Good morning. Good morning. So When it comes down to Chris Rock and Tony Rock, I just feel like this, look at the Wayne Brothers dynamic. They all are successful and they made a name for stuff all. 'cause one brother started everything to put them off. I get it. That Tony Rock Don hand out. What's wrong with a little You? know little help. Think about it. Tony Rock, I mean, yeah, Tony Rock. He was in on the bus. I thought he was hilarious.


And what, What, what dude wouldn't see of him. Huh? You said he was in what All of us with You know. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. He was pretty funny. The dude was pretty dope. But what is it that you really don't, you don't see that much of him. So I mean, and Chris walked in his brother. I don't see what the issue with a little help or You know put him on somehow. You know. That's all. I mean, I think like, go, go ahead. No, I was gonna say Tony was in, he was on, everybody hates Chris. He, he had a, he he had a recurring role on everybody hates Chris. He played uncle. Uncle something. I know he was an uncle on Everybody hates Chris, right? He did. I forgot about that. You are right. Yeah.


Had You know some things, but You know. I mean, if your brothers You know, I'm not saying like, okay, this is your brother successful. You have to hang on his coattail. So I'm not saying that. But it's nothing wrong with a little You. know a little bit more help if you get it to him. I'm You know. Thank you Robin. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're just joining us, we're talking about a, a clip that went viral over the weekend. It was Tony Rock talking about his brother Chris and his brother helping him out in the business. Let's discuss, let's play the clip right? Here's something that I've always wanted to know. How is it that Chris Rock is your brother? And I don't see you in no Chris Rock. And after, before you answer, here's the one that me up the most. The movie that Chris and Martin was in where they played Brothers.


Oh, definitely me up that fucking go in. Not in a million years. Do Chris Rock and Mar Martin have the same facial features? Yes. Tony is his brother and look like him. How is Joni not in the fucking movie playing his brother? Explain that to me to try to explain my brother, he's a businessman when it comes to his movies and TV stuff, right? You. know what I'm saying? So Martin's bigger than me. I need to sell this movie. Tone's my brother. Yes. There there will be some You know. Hey, him and his brother in a movie. Let's go check it out. But him and Martin pushed the needle more. Chris will tell you, I've asked him for five favors my whole life. He said no. Every time And I swore on everything I love, I would never ask him for anything as long as I lived.


We just asking. What's your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's not the airy Spears that comes from the Airy Spears Podcast Comes airy spears. But shout to Airy Spears. Yeah, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning You. Know we talking about it? It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion With The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if he's just joining us, Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We talking about this Tony Rock clip that went viral. He was talking about his brother Chris Rock. And this is what he was, this is what they were talking about. This Is something that I've always wanted to know. How is it that Chris Rock is your brother? And I don't see you in no


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love Shop Pandora jewelry today.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords who are charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price gougers or keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris. And I, approve this message because you work hard for your paycheck. You should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


Hey, it's me. Tyler Bows open. Earbuds are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more


Chris Rock. And now before you answer, here's the one that me up the most. The movie that Chris and Martin was in where they played Brothers. Oh, definitely me up. I'm going. Not in a million years do Chris Rock and Mar Martin have the same facial features? Yes. Tony is his brother and look like him. How is Tony not in the fucking movie playing his brother? Explain that to me to try to explain my brother. He's a businessman when it comes to his movies and TV stuff. You. know what I'm saying? So Martin's bigger than me. I need to sell this movie. Tony's my brother. Yes, there there will be some You know. Hey, him and his brother in the movie. Let's go check it out. But him and Martin pushed the needle more.


Chris will tell you, I've asked him for five favors my whole life. He said no. Every time And I swore on everything I loved, I would never ask him for anything as long as I lived. Now That was off the Air Spears podcast. We just taking your calls. 800 Now that Yes, that is our podcast. Barry five And I. Do want to just note yes to Chris might not have never have found the right movie role for Tony, but Tony did have a recurring character on Everybody hates Chris. Right? Like that's like, that's important. Yeah. Okay. That was a huge show. Yes. He played Uncle Ryan, uncle on Everybody hates Chris. Hello. Who's this? This is Big J. Big J. What's up? Talk to us. What's your thoughts brother? Hey man, we, we as black people man, this sense of entitlement, man, we gotta stop.


If I get on And I make it, it's not my responsibility to make sure another adult makes it. Whether that's my brother, my, my sister, my cousin, whoever. Now I can look out at my choice. But after that, man, that's on you. You gotta make your own path. I ain't got, I can't design your path for you. I see what you're saying. I kind of disagree though. I I, I feel like if you, if you in a space on an opportunity to bring somebody up, you should. Everybody Can't come. They gonna keep coming back. Man. They like straight dogs. You feed 'em once. They gonna be on your porch every day Of Bj. First of All, you Don't have compare. I normally use cats for that one. Yeah. You don't have to compare black people to straight dogs. I Don't want, I don't wanna call my people straight dogs. You did. But I'll just say that they're, they're more needy than others. When you hand out a handout, Jesus.


Yeah. Bobby G and it is not a handout. Once again, Chris Rock may not have found the right movie vehicle for Tony Rock, but when he had a sitcom, his brother had a recurring character on there on Everybody hates Chris as Uncle Ryan. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Tanaya. Hey n good morning. What's your, what's your thoughts? Hi. So regarding the Chris Rock situation, I feel like I do understand why he decided to go with Martin Lawrence. Yeah. I don't think it's necessary to put your family on, but I feel like You know if you can, it's definitely good to do that. But I don't think it's like a necessity. Especially if you're like a famous actor like Chris Rock and a comedian and you wanna sell a movie. Yeah. For, for that situation to understand him getting Martin Lawrence.


Yeah, Martin Lawrence is the biggest star you wanna sell movie, you wanna sell tickets. I understand that It's been roles and he's, he's played roles in shows. Like I know he was in Fargo. I mean Chris does a lot, but I mean it's like his own vehicles that he's actually producing and stuff. I don't know Because I think people's sentiment with like being like, nah, that's crazy. Chris Rock is because Chris Rock is like the big huge superstar. Chris Rock. And people feel like Tony Rock is funny and he's not as big of a star and his brother is so he should be. I think that's kind of where that's coming from too. It's like, yeah, he did. Everybody hates Chris. Huge show. Great opportunity. And he did well. But what else? I think that's the sentiment that we're there. Yeah, I think, I think it's all, it is all how you look at it. And, I think it's all how you look at family. Some people believe in that You know people gotta make their own ways and do their own thing.


I look at family differently, right. I wanna set my family up. I wanna set my kids up. I wanna set, if I had a brother, a sister up And, I hope that if they were in a better position than I was, they would do the same for me. Yeah. That's, that's how I would look at family. You want your, like I was just telling Mack, Mack was here earlier. I was like, if I had a brother, I would want my brother to be a part of my team. 'cause you feel like, or you would hope that your brother is somebody that you could always trust that he's not there for money. He's not there for the accolades. He's there because he actually loves you. You would hope that, but you have brothers and sisters. Yeah. But just 'cause we in the same business don't mean that we doing the same things and I'll look out when I can. But also the biggest thing that I heard Tony talk about was when he said that Chris hit him up and was like, yo, I want you to be in top five. And then he never heard anything back.


You know other than that, I don't, I don't think that You know Chris has an obligation to do Anything. But I will also say this And I think we all know that sometimes we want to do something and we forget like the ball, you Can't forget that the Ball is dropping certain things. You, you would think, oh, I told my brother, oh I forgot nobody called my brother. Nah You don't got sibling 'cause your mom ain't gonna let you forget that. If I didn't call my brother about that movie, You know what's gonna, first of all, my mom and my brother, my mom's going, he, he's just showing up anyway. You told your brother he had a job and he's here. Your brother Gonna show up, Figure this out. You better figure This out right now I'm calling calling mom. I don't care Way You know way. You just forget. Call her mom. No. You don't. Just forget about something like that with your sibling. Mm. All I know is salute to Tony Rock. Salute to Chris Rock.


And my peoples Tony was definitely a recurring character on everybody hates Chris As far as movies and stuff, I can't, I don't know. I can't speak for any of that. But he definitely had a recurring role and everybody hates Chris. He might pop up on the cartoon. We don't know. He could, he might be on, everybody still hates Chris cartoon that's out right now. They don't gimme beef though. Like they don't gimme that. They like not all. Okay. Like, like there's more to it. I just think, I don't knows. Not really A confrontational type person. Right. And Tony be out here ready stepping hard for his brother. Yeah, He does. Absolutely. I wonder should you even be having that conversation on a podcast? I You know what's so crazy. I've never heard him talk about anything like this. When it comes to his brother, people ask this question a lot.


I don't know what made him decide to do it now. Me neither. That's what I was wondering. I was like, should he even be having this conversation on a podcast? I I, yeah. 'cause he knows how people are gonna pick this apart. He knows people are gonna criticize Chris. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like he knows that And I know. I know. He don't want that for Chris. Nah. 'cause he be ready to throw hands real quick. Absolutely. For his brother. Absolutely. But I also think too, like I used to Miss Diddy, I'm sorry that's not her name anymore. Candace Grace used to do this like Comedy night in LA every Wednesday. And Tony Rock would host it and he was so, so funny. But he would never, ever lean into anything about Chris Rock or like it was some people you Don't have to to he Have to. He was funny. Exactly. He wanted to build his own name. There was certain people that I would bring there that didn't even know he was Chris Rock's brother.


Mm. And I thought that that was dope. Like he didn't lean into any of that. He can but he didn't. All Right. Well let's get to just with the mess with Lauren. La Roosevelt is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don. She don't spell nobody Bro. Why? Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. The coaches. Who with Lauren? Lauren LA back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. All righty guys. So over the weekend, Dwayne Wade received a statue. He's the first heat player to receive a statue outside of the Casia Center in Miami.


Oh boy. This statue baby you're crazy. No, let's take a listen because You know he was there and he spoke and he was excited to be receiving a statue. And then we'll get into the way that it looks. Let's take a listen to Dwayne Wade at the unveiling. I Didn't really prepare a lot for this moment. Actually I got a book up here. There's only a few things in here. I wanted to, I wanted to feel this life is so, life goes by so fast. It's very rare that we get to feel things because we always off to the next thing. And so I didn't prepare much because I just wanted to feel this man. I wanted to look at it like, that's crazy. I can't believe that guy. Who is that guy? He said who is that guy? We was on trying to figure it out. Yeah. I don't who that guy was Either.


Yo, y'all Char. You seen the statue? I did see the statue. But I mean what you thought he was, it was like an action shot. Right. So I think we be comparing these action shots to how people just look when they got their resting face on. Nah. What? Dwayne Wafer. I ain't never heard you beat this nice. 'cause that statue, I Mean I didn't mean Statue. Action. Action. No action reaction. That statue Was off. And. I didn't, it didn't look at off. Yes it did. It didn't look like Dway acting Like it looked like a totally different person Bro. That was like the SSI check version of him. Like they aged him like 20, 30 years in that statute. They Hold that off for Timon. Yeah. That did not look like Dwayne raid at all. No. Nah. Didn't he Like I was, I wanted to feel this moment. I wanted to look at this moment. I'm like I know it's no way. You see that? Didn't him see? So how does the process go? Does he get to see it prior to I'm Pro.


I'm sure he didn't get hit prior. It was one I saw that looked worse though. Who was it? Who was it last year? I think they actually changed it. It was somebody last year or maybe it was a couple years Ago. Well they did Allen. How did Alanon, It was somebody that looked totally re like didn't look at them at all. But that does not look like Dwayne Wade to me. I I mean it just looked like an action shot. So I don't know. It's kind of hard to tell. I gotta like, I gotta look up, look at it and really look at the details. 'cause all I all you see is mouth honestly. Whoa. Pause up. That's, That's all you Saw. That's all he was looking for. But Kobe's Kobe's looked like Kobe. Jordan looked like Jordan, right? I don't remember was Allen i's statue People was mad 'cause it was so little. It was So, it was so short. But they didn't understand it was outside the facility where they were all, I think on that same side though, I just saw the Jordan one too.


I saw the Jordan one when I was in Chicago for the DNC convention. But I mean you don't really pay attention to it because it's like the, it's the logo, it's him. Right. You know. So it's like you're not really paying attention to the details of the face. But that one don't look like him Jordan. Okay. I see what you Jordan statue ain't really giving Jordan either. But it's the, it's the, And see that's my thing about statues, Right? Yeah. It's, but see a lot of these, he got like a, see he got the Jordan. The Jordan You know the See growing up it felt like historically the statues we saw people with people that we never saw in real life. So for all we know, none of these statues probably ever looked like any of these issues. We just we're just realizing it Now. People alive. Yo it's so, that's so crazy. If that's true, let me look up some, who else had a statue do Kobe, Kobe statue. But at my point we never, we didn't, we we never saw statues of people that were alive.


At least, I don't remember when I was young. So nah. Kobe's statue was given. Like this was Kobe Looked like Kobe. Yeah this looked like Kobe. They had to get that right though. I don't know. But if you gonna statue me get something right. I wanna see the picture that they used to make the statues And I can Make a it don't look like them. See, don't look now. Now you wanna see the expo? No, I'm saying it's an action shot. He got his mouth open. It's like he got different emotions in the face. I gotta see, I gotta see the original picture. Yeah That's giving like when you get a text, that's something that should have been a phone call. 'cause you misinterpreting it statue ain't it. Look At Magic Johnson. See Magic Johnson statue. Okay. Statue comparisons. Let's see, Let's see. Who is this man? Nah, that's magic. Okay. Yeah, no, yeah. No, no, no, no.


Envy this. Okay. Maybe not. Which One y'all looking at now? Magic got a couple statue. The One in the, one of the liquors jersey. That's what I'm saying. We ain't never paying attention On the, We just, we need to make sure if we just realize that none of these people ever look like themselves. Ever Kobe. They did Kobe's way. Look up Asia Wilson real quick. Asia Wilson got a statue. Oh outside of Colonial Life arena. You see that one? Look up Aja Wilson. I've never paid attention to be honest with you. Statues are statues. They dope. That's it's, it's just dope. Can I see her face? See that's my other, that's the thing. No, I'm saying like it the way that the statue is Not, see you ain't never paid attention. No this ain't Asia.


How That Eat Asia. That ain't her. Y'all ain't never paid attention to statues. That's what I'm realizing now. Statues don't necessarily look like people in statues because like you Said, we You know why. The sad thing about it is we don't really see too much of ourselves in statues. Right. Because usually it was, you see a statue of Christopher Columbus, you see a statue. All these old white men we Don't really see. But you don't, they look like that. You right y'all. I'm so mad that we took all this time looking through these statues. Who are these people? Hey they got statues drop on the clue bomb for them. Okay, We had other stuff to do man. We ain't Whatever got, So let's take a listen to Shaq on Angel Reeses pocket. He gotta tattoo too. Look up him while you doing that. Don't strike it from the tape. Christian. We ain't striking it. Don't don't don't. Lemme tell if you just lower like that to where it gives you ability to duck bro.


Imagine you in the, I'm not imagining. Lemme finish. Imagine you in them. Same little shirt you had on at the Wild And I show. Dunking You know how many T-shirts you gonna say because you tripping. Oh My God. What? What? God. You know what I'm same little shirt you had on online. Okay. Alright. Alright. Dunking. Alright. No you are not. You're not. You are not beautiful or good looking. You are gorgeous. It's a lot of gorgeous women. NB, sometimes when people first see y'all, they see y what y'all do. They don't know how fucking beautiful y'all are. But when y when y'all walking into the game and men and watching the game, Hey man, we like what we like. Oh my God. Like we like what we like. So we like that. And then we see what we, you see y'all dunking. Man y'all money gonna go up tremendously Baby.


They dragged Shaq for filth. Although, what'd they say? They're upset that number one, they feel like Angel Reese was just put in an uncomfortable position. Like she seemed uncomfortable at the time when he was making the comments about her in the shorts. Number two, You know Shaq and her have a relationship. He walked her out and like he, their whole Reebok thing, people like she's finally realizing in real time that men don't do anything for women for no reason. God, there's always an exchange that they want. Oh God yes. That's not true. And just the age difference of course it just was giving creepy is how a lot of people feel. Yeah. This Is the thing. They don't know their relationship. It could be big brother, little sister where they joke, they laugh all the time. Shaq did get a deal. Shaq what? He runs Reebok or that division of Reebok got signed on to that deal. They Have a great relationship. They don't know their relationship. And She walked her out at her retirement.


No, not retirement senior. Right. Knock it off to me. Shaq was talking from a business perspective, he's talking about what will make other men tune into the WNBA. That's how I took it. I don't, I didn't think he meant anything by it. I do disagree with Shaq that the women have to dunk because changed. He said They need to lower the lower, lower the room for them To dunk. I disagree with that. 'cause the league has changed. And like those, those logo threes, those are like the new dunks nowadays. Like when you see somebody just on fire and they shooting from the logo. To me, me, that gets a bigger reaction than dunks do nowadays. The dunk isn't what it used to be. The dunk contest isn't even what it used to be. Yeah. But her whole thing is like we good regardless. So like don't sexualize us. That's what that's if you look into full conversation, they were trying That's the conversation. Yeah, that's the conversation she was getting to or whatever.


But I mean I think it's always gonna give for people with, with Shaq they only trying to make him a creep. So I don't know. They's just, I don't know why they but whatever. But what's creepy, you seen this Shaq dunk, speaking of dunk. This is him dunk that Shaq statue. This do not look like Shaq. That's At all. But what I'm realizing is y'all don't be really looking at that. No, not at all. That's what I'm realizing. These statues, Y'all look at who did the body because like what in the heck is that? This is not, But it's never about the face with the statue. It's about the fact that you see the statue outside of the arena doing something iconic. Because you're like, when Shaq, that's a Shaq. Dunk. Dunk. Right, right, right. Or you see Michael Jordan, it's the Michael Jordan air logo. Right? That's what you're looking at. You not paying attention to nothing. You do my statue. Y'all just make sure they get me right.


My hair, everything. Charla. Now I'm thinking about it. That Dwayne Wade that is that him pushing down? Is that what that's supposed to be? Symbolizing? We gotta wrap up. I don't know. We don't even know if that's really him. They just put somebody that's D Wade. All right, well SL to all of those people with statues. Amen. Yeah. Charlamagne statue be three foot two. All right. Now let's get to the mix at Brown in the eyes. We Need to build one out of me outside this damn station. How about that? Station moves too much. Yeah it does. Alright. When we come back, we got the people's choice mix. We gonna start off with some of the records that DJ Clark Kent produced. Rest in peace. Again, it's the Breakfast Love. Good morning. Hey everybody, it's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess.


I just wanna salute to everybody at the Blood Manner. The blood manner is a haunted house in in New York City. I usually don't do haunted houses, but I went to the blood manner and had a a great time with the wife. We went as a date night and it was pretty cool. It was pretty dope. So if you get a chance, I know it's Halloween season. You definitely go if you wanna take the kids, the kids I think gotta be 13 and older or 14 or older. Had a great time. So some I I You scream like a bitch. I sure did. I bet you jumped right and get your arms there two or three times, didn't you? You jealous baby. Four, five. You upset. Nope. Jealous. I just know it happened. I was looking For you in the picture. You let bay go alone. I didn't go. He did. I wasn't there. He did. That's so uncaring. So Uncaring. Yeah. You don't love Caring like Karen, He Don. He don't even understand the word.


Caring. Caring. Throw a white woman. That's He said Karen. Alright. And salutes everybody that went to Powerhouse NYC over the weekend. You were there Lauren. I Was. And also to Norfolk State University. Shout out to everybody that was there too. We had a really great time. I love Norfolk. They taught me how to do the electric slide as a Spartan. So shout out to Spartans and Norfolk State University and You. know Devin and everybody that took care of me while there. Darl all of y'all. Thank y'all so much. Shout family To Family Choice. Look to my South Carolina state family too, man. You know what I'm saying? They had their homecoming this weekend. They beat the Delaware State Hornet. 69 to 35. You hear that? You Heard that? That's a lot of points. Lot noise. That's like a basketball school. I think it's that's a, that's like a college basketball school. I think something's wrong in here.


You hear That noise? 69 35 Is crazy. It's like piercing. Yeah. Well my I Bet you don't even know y'all mascot. But you sold Delaware State. My team won. What's the Delaware State mascot? What's the Delaware State football team called Lauren? God, I'm not, I'm not doing this with you because you Don't know I'm not doing this with you. I don't, I don't have to Google it because I To the school. So What is it? The Hornet? You sure? Yes. You positive. Okay. I know Hampton's the Pirates. I've never seen a hornet around that. What? South Carolina states The Bulldogs. She right though it is the Hornets. No like Stop talking. I went to the school. It's different when you went there. Got one time to talk to me and I'm gonna tell you, tell The World what you told us this morning. Okay? What'd I tell you?


I wanna wait till prime time though. I'm gonna wait. I'm gonna say tomorrow. I'll wait tomorrow. I'm say this tomorrow. Tomorrow because Lauren crazy. What'd I tell you about Lauren? Crazy. You should know I Don. Dunno why you tell Him something. I don't know why you tell him. And the fact that he waited. He was Wait. You know. You know why You know why text no You know why I'm not gonna say nothing because I promised I wasn't gonna acknowledge something this morning and I'm not My hair. That looks amazing. Talking about happened before this new hair baby. So please Don die Now she want to bring it Up. Please get in line. Lauren Osa going tell us. Hold on, hold on. Read the text. She made up this message that she sent. Don't say I made up nothing. She make sure you shout out the ad name of, of the home girl that wanted the you giving it to her. So make sure we recognize her act. Laura Sent us some texts. She got new hair, right?


Yep. She new Hair. This was before the new hair. No it wasn't. Yes it was. I'm Tired of this Latina lady on The Breakfast Club masquerading as a black woman and calling the VP Kamala a black woman. Her public participation in ethnic oration needs to be addressed. She's co. She's a cosplaying. Ethno cider. Wow. Going to an HBCU don't make you black. That's crazy. Now you wanna be Latino. Can you please first you wanna to be Lauren London. Now. Now way new. New. Now you want to be Latino 'cause you got new hair. Just 'cause you got a Dominican blowout. Don't make you Dominican Lauren. First Of all, the young lady took her time and she was acknowledging the Bob the Baan. Shout out to Jamie Rad. Bob was amazing too. She was talking about the bob. So you, you guys keep going. Are You Latina?


No. And. I told you. Stop said My name. This. So why this morning? You was like from my name is Loosa Lie. I would never And I. I told Envy because he keep trying to break me over there with him and his people. I'm, I'm black. It's La not Rosa. Now you wanna be Stop putting the Chacha slide on me. Like no You know what it is. She heard somebody say that. Like they need more Dominican radio personalities. More Puerto Ric radio personalities than New York. So now she Latino. Alright, well We'll be back. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren Rosa. Feeling in for Jess Latino Co-host Latino.


Lauren la Rosa, La Rosa, Rosa. I am a black woman. You got A positive note. Charlamagne? Yes. No. It comes from Ralph Waldo Emerson. And the Positive Note is the only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. For whatever reason Lauren la has decided to be Latino this morning, have a blessed weekend. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today.


What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go and just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


Hello, it is Ryan And. I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. Five five Casino.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.