
What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Leonards from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Leonard's Entertainment. Listen to Obscura Invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough.


Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really, last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listened to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious is out. What's up Lauren? La Rosa. Good morning y'all. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the Planet. It is Friday. Yay. Yes, it's Friday. Lauren started her weekend already. She was out. She's lit. She didn't even know she parked her car here last night. Oh, you ain't know you parked your car here. I I I know I'm be doing that young dumb stuff. No, I left my car in the parking lot here yesterday. Oh, that's smart. Because I wanted to be safe in Uber Smart. But she, she didn't even, she didn't even know This morning though. I woke up and was like, Where's my car? Then I was like, oh, So you Ubered I Uber. You parked your car, Ubered where you went then Ubered home from the place you was at.


Yeah. That's smart. That probably was smart. Yeah. That was Smart. No, it was smart because I was at Saint last night and the city is a black on spot in the city and it is lit, but Nyla does a Thursday Ladies night where she DJs. Oh, it was, we It was good. It was great last night. Nyla Nyla really will have you. She can really DJ what? That's Dope. Shout to Nyla. Drop Aon for DJ I something. She'll be joining us later today for Pastor s. Pastor S. That's right. Yes. Oh, I kept passing the drinks. Alright, How you feeling Shawla? I am blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. We have an amazing show for you today. These are the type of shows that I really, really love. Well, the type of shows I really love are the shows that are like ratchet and righteous.


Meaning at both. Like, you know, we give you a little bit of both. We definitely have that this morning 'cause Jasmine Crockett will be joining us. What side is she on? I thought she was a Righteous Jasmine's. Definitely both. Oh, okay. Alright. C wants for Jasmine Crockett. She'll be joining us later this morning. Yes, of course. She's a congresswoman from Texas. You know her 'cause she gets it popping. She holds nothing back when she's on that floor. Yeah. Recently she got into a a, a argument with, That's not even the most recent thing, but what Was the most recent Emini here? Ja, I don't remember. But it wasn't that. But Jasmine's always got something going on. Emini here. Jasmine's pretty, a pretty frequent visitor to the breakfast class. That's right. She'll be joining us this morning. And also we have the CCE O of Red Lobster. He's a brother. He's 36 years old. His name is Ola Adam, locum Adam.


Yes. I know I said that wrong, But, And I, and it's funny, right? 'cause you know, sometimes they'll ask us like, you know, what's your favorite interview? Or who do you want to interview? And you'll be like, I don't know. Yeah. You don't even be thinking about it. Yeah. But when I saw him on this schedule, I was like, oh, I absolutely want to talk to that brother. Absolutely. So, you know, he's 36 years old. He's a Nigerian American. He was CEO of PF Chang turned them around. Yep. Now he's CEO of Red Lobster. Red Lobster. That's right. So yes, I a very informative show you'll get this morning. He went to Brown too. He played football there. I remember that. Yep. Brown. Yeah. Ivy League school. Yep. Sure did. Alright, well let's get the show crack and we got front page news. Morgan will be joining us. And don't forget, you can get it off your chest. If you wanna start calling right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess Aria. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? What's up? Is it Friday In the Charle? And Now before you jump right in, Morgan, I just wanna say victim Mbma, he will miss the remainder of this season. They said he has a blood clot in his right shoulder, so he will miss the remainder of this season. NBA basketball, That's a big blow, especially to the San Antonio Spurs and the league as a whole. 'cause you know, he's one of the rising stars in the NBA. That's Right. And he just made that trade for Darren with Darren Fox from Sacramento.


So they was they was going to be balling. Yeah, they was about to ball out. Yeah. Yeah. He was diagnosed with vein thrombosis, which is like you said, a blood clot In the shelter. Isn't that, didn't Chris Bosch have something like that? Or am I tripping? What was Chris Bos? I don't know. Let look that up. Yeah, I was gonna say that. I believe that has sat down some, quite a few players before. Yeah, Chris had that Chris Bosch had. Yeah. Thous Thromb Brosius. Oh wow. Thromb. All right y'all, let's get into it. So President Trump hosted a reception at the White House honoring Black History Month yesterday. So during the event, Trump claimed he received more votes from black Americans than any other Republican president ever, while jokingly asking the crowd if he should run again. Now the ceremony comes as the administration has been cracking down on diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives with Trump issuing an executive order last month, ending the federal government's DEI programs.


Now following that, the, that order, the Department of Defense also came out with guidance declaring identity months dead. So there will be no pride month, no black history month. But Trump was joined on stage by golf legend Tiger Woods as a, as well as several prominent black. When Tiger Woods start being black, I thought Tiger Woods never wanted to be black. I thought he was kalin Asian. Yo, they said if he black Co, why can't Kamala be black? Listen, okay. So Tiger Woods was there. Several other black prominent figures were there. Supposedly Kodak Black Kodak was There. Kodak was there. Yeah, Kodak was there. AK was there. Kodak been supporting President though. President. Pardon him. I was gonna say he pardoned him. So there's that. But let's take a listen to Trump's remarks. During the Black History Month ceremony at the White House Today, we paid tribute to the generations of black legends, champions, warriors and Patriots who help drive our country forward to greatness.


And you really are great, great people. What a great, nice group of I I have some people in front of me every once in a while with all the problems that are caused all over The World. They're not, they're not nice, they're not nice and but we're making, but we're making them nice. I can tell you that. And we're making them nice rapidly. What? Making 'em nice and making 'em nice rapidly. So during his speech, he also spoke about the Garden of Heroes, which is a located along the National Mall saying the space will be the new home to statues, bus plaques, and other markers celebrating hero heroic figures in American history. Of course, that includes some iconic black figures that hear more from Trump.


On the Garden of Heroes, The Garden will predominantly feature incredible women like Harriet Tubman, Rosa Parks, Billy Holiday, Aretha Franklin, and Coretta Scott King. And I will showcase extraordinary. It will be something very extraordinary. It's going to be producing, we are gonna produce some of the most beautiful works of art in the form of a statue for men like Frederick Douglas, Booker t Washington, Jackie, Jackie Robinson. What a great athlete that was Martin Luther King Jr. Muhammad Ali. He is not a bad athlete. What do you think Muhammad?


Not not too bad. And the late Kobe Bryant. People love Kobe Bryant. You guys', thoughts Emini Here? I don't you guys have any Thoughts? I don't really have any to be honest with you. Like, all Right. So that's the Black History Month ceremony at the White House. Yeah. So this comes at the same time. The Wild White House is marking one month officially since President Trump has been back in office. Officials touted accomplishments in immigration and the economy achieved by Trump since his inauguration. Let's hear more from White House Press Secretary Caroline Levitt and White House Deputy Chief of Staff Steven Miller with more comments about the president's first month in office.


Today marks one month of President Trump's return to the Oval Office. And there is no denying this administration is off to a historic start. No president comes close to what Donald Trump has achieved over just the last 30 days. He has packed eight years of transformative action, restoring this nation, restoring our laws, restoring fairness, restoring economic opportunity, restoring national security. Restoring is relative depending on who you are. But the National Economic Council director Kevin Hassett and CEO said, said, CEO confidence is that it's highest it's been in years. National Security Advisor, Mike Walsh, also noted that the US has been in a sea change in its foreign policy since Trump's return to office.


So what do you guys think? Emini here, it's been a month. We've seen a lot. There's been a lot of executive orders that have come down. A lot of those have also been blocked. What do you guys think? Oh, it's just been a lot of chaos and a lot of mess over the past month, especially in regards to what Doge is doing. But you know what? You, you asked us something earlier. You asked us what we thought about his White House. What was, it was the honoring Black History Month at the White House. The statues. Yeah. And, and it did just come to me. I I, I'm not impressed by any of that symbolism from any president, regardless of what party they're from, Democrat are Republican, like the statues, you know, in the garden. That's cool. But I want some, I, I always want something tangible for the black community. Like, like plant some money, trees in the black community, plant some money trees in the hood. That's what, that's where my mind is always at when it comes to, when you asked me that, that's why I was just like, I don't, I don't think anything of it.


'cause I, I'm never impressed by symbolism from any party. Just statues. Okay. I'm not mad at the statues though. I'm not mad at it. But that ain't, it's, it's, it's, what is that? Okay, The reason I say I'm not mad at that is, is 'cause if you were ever a child and you got to tour the White House, you've never seen anything that looked like you. So the fact that you've seen people that look like you in statues and the fact that they have Barack Obama and Michelle Obama and things that look like you, that, that reflect where you are from. I'm not mad at that. Sure. But I always want something more for the black community. I want something tangible. I want, I want, I want something that's really going to improve our condition. You know what, what Emini here And I hope the black kids get there because he don't like to include us in things. You remember he's getting rid of DEI everywhere and you know, Like I said, plant some money, trees in the black community, plant some money trees in the hood.


Like yeah. Give us something tangible that can actually improve our condition. Like I always say, like, it, it it, it was systemic things that, you know, put, you know, bl black people in the position that we're in and it's gonna be systemic things that help us to get out. So that's where my mind is always at, regardless of who's in the White House. All right. And as far as the first 30 days, Jasmine Crocker to be here next hour. I'm sure she'll break down the first 30 days. That is very true. Alright, well thank you Morgan. All right, see y'all at seven. We'll talk CPAC 2025. All right, everybody else get it off here. Chest 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1.


We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this is Spike. Spike. What's up? Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah. Shout to you. DGMV. The other day you held Drake down. It went viral. You was defending Drake the whole time. I I just wanna get off my chest. Charlamagne and Jesse. Hilarious. I need to cut Drake some slack. Well, Charlamagne, you never gonna cut Drake no Slack, but Jesse hilarious. You just got to the radio station, you gotta cut Drake some slack. You, you, you didn't even listen to the album and he was den announcing it. He was like, I ain't even listen to it. But you was giving it bad review. Made no sense. Yeah. The Emini here, the album's not for me. You know what I'm saying? I'm, I've never liked when Drake sang. I've always said that I've, I'm on record saying I don't like when Drake sings.


No. That's why I I can't even, you you've been already, your stance always been like that forever with Drake. It don't got ain It's not even about the battle, but just hilarious. She let Kendrick Lamar change his perception on Drake. And that's scary. We don't need nobody to have nobody to change nobody's perception. Well, well I wanna say this. I wasn't, I wasn't necessarily, I don't have a a, a dog in this fight. I just, Or but you have an owl. I don't have an owl. You have an, I don't have an owl in this battle either. You been holding Drake down? I just like to, I just like to be fair and, and, and to see what The World has done to Drake is crazy. Like, but they love him one day and he was the savior one day and the next day they hate him, but Was crazy smell back the day. I don't mind. I don have no issue with him. You Drunk, but we can't conflate all of this stuff.


What you mean? Yeah, she she's drunk. She up t no matter You don't even know who she is. That's Lauren LaRosa. But listen, we don't need to conflate any of these things. I'm just simply talking about the album. I ain't talking about nothing else. This ain't got nothing to do with no feelings with. But now that we've spoken about the album, make sure y'all play that Nokia that song is a be Nokia Is your vibe. Give vibe. That's, that's the vibe for the summer. That's all I'm trying to say. We, we going into a different pace for music. Real uptempo, real vibe, real music to skate to. We gonna bring back the skate key days. Okay, so Move that. I'm gonna get that record on for you this morning, brother. Appreciate that. All right, man. Have a Good one. It'll be interesting to see if Nokia, Gogo, because I thought the record was scissor and Sexy. Red was going go go and it was like a, a cultural hit but not a radio.


Yeah, Because you said that. But I promise you that summer outside, that was the song. Which one? The Yeah, As I said, it was a, it was a cultural hit, but it not on the charts. Yeah, there was a big record in the clubs. Hello? Who's this? What's up, envy? What's up Trav? Hey Lauren. Hey Trav. Good morning Here. How you doing baby? Where y Just off today brother? She off today. Okay, okay. Okay. What's up Char? Pete says why you sound extra sassy this morning? Real Fast. You said I sounding extra sassy. I don, I don, I don I don't know what I'm doing wrong. You sound Like a bottom this morning. Oh wow. Listen, y'all talking about cultural ha I got like three. I got like three before you. You ain't even gotta take the rexy red hooks though. That's gonna get you right. I promise you.


Listen, you listening. Trav really can write Emini Here. I'm telling somebody about you last night, Trav. I, I swear it was, I have a friend from a label And I was telling him like, yo, 'cause they were talking about writers. I was like, I got somebody that can probably make that situation better. Y'all don't know him, but y'all should know. Oh my God. Thank You. I swear I was, It, it is only a matter of time for Trav. I'm, I'm not even worried about Trav. It's a matter Of time. And I always appreciate, y'all always looking out. Appreciate y'all bro. Bro, did You get bottomed out last night? What happened bro? All the has gone outta your voice. Like what happened Trav, like seriously, I don't know. I sound like how I owe. Are you, I don't call him to talk about Jake Cole this morning. Charlamagne, are you A verse? Are you a verse top? Yeah. The reason he said the way he just said Charlamagne just sound different.


What about Jay Cole? He put out a record last night. I ain't listened to it yet though. Neither. Yeah, it's called cloud. How is it? Please drop some bars to y'all. Make sure y'all go listen to some real, the king rapping. Okay. Because my boy is rapping again. Like he been around and ing again though. I make sure you go listen to my man dropping these bars. But he rapping Trav. We, we all got respect for Cole. We got respect for Cole's lyricism. But Kendrick Lamar is the king of rap and you need to cut it out. And you know that now, now you better cut it. Just, just stop right now. Goodbye Trav. Can You go listen to the song? No, Sorry. I will, but I still know that that ain't gonna make him the king. Okay. Get it off Your chest. J Cole. Do you know what j Cole had an opportunity to be king but he bowed out eight on He Don't want that.


5 8 5 1 0 5 1 hit us up. Now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not Just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Good morning, y'all. My name is Will. How y'all doing? What's Up brother? Get it off your chest. I'm, I'm just a little upset at Anthony Edwards for talking to, for talking to Obama like that man. Like if y'all really dissect the whole situation. He wasn't playing at all. Obama was really just trying to start a conversation with him, you know what I'm saying? And he took it way left like he Did it, man.


That's why When he called LeBron, that's why when he called LeBron bro, he was like, man, y'all talking to this young man. Like why is he talking to me like that? Like that's the first black president, bro. Like, y can Jeff cut it real, but nah man. Nah man. Like He say like, yeah bro, listen, Barack is the first black president, but he's still a man and he's a a, a og half a black man who's also a hooper. He's a hooper. He didn't even take nothing. He didn't even, he wasn't even offended by it. He's a hooper. He actually told Anthony at the end of the conversation, that's how you supposed to feel, Man. Go back to the very end. When he, when he was telling him goodbye, Anthony ever was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like completely disrespect. But he just said he was, man, they hoopers they talking trash to each other. So, but you know why though, because Obama little them.


Here's the thing, you know, if I, if I'm talking to you right now and I'd be like, oh, I see you got your little car. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I, I see you with your little, your little, your little new sneakers on Obama hit him with a little Obama hit him a little. Yeah, he was just trying. He young boy, in my opinion, in my opinion, he was just trying to start a conversation with a young man. Like Charlie ain't, how would you feel if yo, if, if, if he was your son and your son spoke to the president like that, like, would you be happy if he spoke to him in that, in, in that kinda way in That, in that con, in that context. I would have no problem with it. 'cause they talking basketball, they talking hoops, man. Like what are we talking about here? Like, Obama was messing with him and Anthony gave him that energy back. Like, I don't see the problem. Nah, I don't see a problem either. Oh, okay. Okay. We, we, we agree to disagree man, sir.


But I, sir, I love y'all doing And I listen to y'all every morning, man. Y'all, y'all have a good one. Yes sir. Thank Brother. This conversation is really silly to me. Obama knew what he was doing. Obama. Yes. That's why Obama was like, what's up with this guy? He, he, all right, y'all got a little game to him. Right. Little game here. You know what he doing? I'm Surprised Anthony Edward would say, I got your side sneaking in the car. We could go play right now. Right? Yeah. I told him. And more than any other words, ain't Nothing over here little at All. You all right? Yeah, I'm Good. No, she not. She's drunk as Hell. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's up? This DC from Texas, man. What's up? Breakfast Club? What's up DC Get it off your chest, brother. Man, I just been in the, in a space And I been hearing everybody saying all this stuff, you know, the politics and everything. And I think as a, as a black people man, we ought to just shift, shift our energy to trying to understand and kind of letting stuff play out, man.


Because Emini here, nobody, let's, let's be honest, nobody is happy with what's going on. And I just, I've been in a space where I'm thinking like, you know, change is always radical and always looks it, it always looks real bad in the beginning, but hopefully eventually, you know, it'll all shake out because like, you know, we had President Lydon b Johnson years ago saying, I don't have those n words vote Democrats for the next 400 years and now look where we're at with it. And it's like, you know, sometimes we might need to do something different just because like we keep getting the same result with, with the other party. And I'm not, I'm not advocating for any party, but I'm just saying, like in this instance right now with all this stuff going on, I think we gotta shift our focus to not being so crook and, and, and preparing ourselves to work with what we have going on.


Because it's here. Like we, we can't change it. Riping and moaning about it and saying everything he does is not gonna help us out. And I think our country is in a, is in a place to where, you know, you can listen to, you can, you can tell who somebody's voting for about what news station they watch or what radio they listen to. There's nobody that's, you know, that's, that's, that's, that's sharing both sides. And I think that's part of the problem when you just have one side always talking down about one side than the other side, you know, vice versa. So I just believe that if we try to, you know, work with what we got going on, we might can see a little more progress. Hey, I hear you. You know what I'm saying? And I don't disagree, but I will say this, man, I don't know what color these federal workers are that are losing their jobs. You know, when I was in Maryland a couple of weeks and weekends ago for my daughter's cheerleading competition, it was black people, white people, Asian people walking up to me telling me how, you know, they're losing their job or they potentially will lose their job.


Right? And for me, all I ever want any government official to do is make sure that the American people got some money in their pocket and to make sure that they feel safe and secure. You can't do that when you know, you don't, you don't have a job. So that's all, that's all I ever care about. That's right. So when I see these people complaining, it don't matter to me what race they are. It don't matter to me what party they are. These are people who can't feed their families. These the people who can't keep a roof over their head. 'cause according to that, 59% of Americans are considered one paycheck away from being broke. Yep. So when you see these tens of thousands of people losing their jobs, that's what I care about. I wanna fix that. I wanna slow that down. I don't want that to happen. Once again, regardless of who's in the White House, get It off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got Jessica with the mess coming up. Yes, we do. Angela Bassett is finally speaking out about her viral reaction. Lauren drunk yo at the Oscars in 2023. Lauren Had a great time last night. She came, She Drunk. Basically. Listen, Angela Bassett Is Angela Bassett telling y'all, leave her. We talking about Angela Bassett. We come back. She Telling y'all, leave her alone. Okay, Lord Mercy. She, she deserves to be disappointed. Its Friday. I deserve that Oscar. It's Friday. It's Friday. Alright, we blame now for this. Now you out. We, we gotta to have a conversation with nieces, man. All we'll get to. Y'all Knew what I'm trying to say that What the max be cut? I really didn't, to be honest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv. Just hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't nobody Bro. Jess worldwide mess On The Breakfast Club. She's the, with Lauren, Lauren Osa, aas And I got the mess. Talk to me. Talk drunky. Oh, I thought Amy was gonna like bring it in or something. I don't know. Okay, so Angela actually, she drunk As hell. No, I'm not, just not here. Stop saying that. Okay. Angela Bassett, y'all remember in 2023, we thought, well now she, she's going on to win the, some awards.


But we thought that Angela Bassett was gonna finally get her Oscar in 2023 for Wakanda. She was nominated for best supporting actress in that lane. In the category at the time too, was Jamie Lee Curtis, who actually ended up winning the award. And when it was announced, the camera panned to her, to Angela Bassett. And her reaction was she was visibly like upset. You could tell that she was upset. And normally when this happens, especially with a big name like that, you know, the camera's gonna pan to you. You don't really react any way that can be taken away or made news. And it was the complete opposite. So it became such a big story of her reaction, especially because it had been years and years and years of her being invited to the Oscars, her being deserving of an award and not being nominated.


So people felt like y'all keep playing in her face. And people were upset about it. She was upset about it. Jonathan Majors and Michael B. Jordan actually came out and showed her some love right after that happened. Hey, auntie, We love you. And that became like a viral moment as well too, because people were flooding her Instagram comments. We were all over Twitter, news outlets, wherever we could say, yo, we love Angela Bassett. And she deserved that. People were saying it now after this, she sat down and talked to Oprah. After that moment went viral. Angela Bassett sat down and talked to Oprah, and she said that she was gob gobsmacked. Like she was basically really caught off guard and disappointed. But now she's opening up, she's talking to Talent and Country Magazine.


She's promoting a show called Zero Days that she's in on Netflix. And in this interview, she, she tells them it's a written interview, she tells them that she felt like she wasn't allowed to be disappointed. That people literally wrote articles about her and had so much to say about the fact that she and as a human person was visibly disappointed. And she would, she should have been allowed to be disappointed in that moment. And I love that she said that because she kept it all in for so long, kept it really cute and very classy as she always does. But I I love to hear her say, I deserve to be able to feel in that moment and y'all need to leave me alone. Angela Bassett is the woman in the garden. She deserves it all. Okay? And, and I'm biased when it comes to Angela Bassett because the reality is she should have won in 1994 for what's love got to do with it. So talk about it. I personally believe she should win everything everywhere, all the time.


Not only is she one of the most incredible actresses ever, she's one of the most beautiful creations God has ever designed. Drop on a cruise bumps Angela Bassett. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, absolutely right. Emini here. Hollywood is so fake. What am I supposed to just smile as somebody gets an award that I worked hard for And I think I deserve? Yes. I can show emotion, I could be pissed off. That doesn't mean I, I don't, I don't, you know, feel happy for you. Yeah, but I'm pissed off. I didn't win. I could be, I think sometimes people mistake that for hate. I'm not hating on you. No, because you won, but I damn sure wanted to win. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Like at, at the end of games, when teams lose, they be having, they head down, they be kicking over pissed Gatorade, bucket slamming stuff on the floor.


Nobody ever says, damn man, they acting like a soul. Losers. No. Like nobody wants to lose. Congratulations To you. But I wanted to win. That's Right. Yeah. And she went on to, to win, you know, other awards and actually ended up getting her Academy Award after that. But she did mention, she said, I love applauding people. But in that moment she talks about that she felt like she put in the hard work to be recognized. And she said, she said, I thought I had put in the work. And then she corrected herself and she said, no, I have put in, put in the time, put in the good work over time. I didn't think that that was a gift. I thought it was a given, basically. Like if I'm doing the work, how y'all don't see me type of thing. And I think a lot of people love to act like that doesn't matter. So I love to hear her speak about this, especially at the point that she's at in her career.


And she said it was a tough one because, you know, she's really respected amongst her peers, but she felt like the establishment at that time didn't respect her. So Yeah, salute to auntie, she well deserves. She deserves everything she gets. Are They? Or they just don't have the taste that they think they have because how do you not award her in 1994 for what's love? Gotta do it. Come on now. Right. One of the most iconic roles ever. A hundred people look at that and think that, you know how long I thought that was Tina Turner. How, you know how long I thought Angel back was actually Tina Turner. She, I was young. I ain't know. I thought she was actually Tina Turner. But at the end of the movie they showed her real Tina. But even when they show the Real Tina, you gotta rub your eyes a little bit. Like, oh, Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there?


We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else, something much more ominous that it appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like Mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, We used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people. One minute it was there and one minute it wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically?


Yes,


absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The more better the merrier title of your podcast. All Your old Brooklyn nine, nine Friends are appearing on your favorite podcast. More better Don't miss Brooklyn nine nine Stars and show host Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro as they welcome their friends and former castmates. Back to laugh about old times and swap some stories this week. It's Gina ti herself, the talented Chelsea Pertti. Remember When we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah. I was like, can I also hug them? Then next week, the nine nine Nonsense continues as the More Better Amigos. Sit down with Joe La Trulio, AKA Detective Charles Boyle. There'll be more laughs more conversation, more stories from the set and more, more better.


Don't miss a minute. You felt safe enough to fill out a bad idea, right? Yeah. Emini here, that is the key because you're definitely not throwing out good ideas all the time. Emini here. That's just not how it works.


Listen to More Better with Stephanie and Melissa on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us?


Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last


listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jay Shetty. My latest episode is with financial expert Scott Galloway. If you Are doing a lot of side hustles, it's very, very difficult to be great at your main hustle. The only way you're gonna build real wealth and economic security is to go all in on one thing that is greatness focus. None of this matters. None of it means a thing if you can't have deep and meaningful relationships. Scott is a professor of marketing at NYU Stern School of Business. He's a bestselling author. He has earned a massive following through his lectures, podcasts, and YouTube channel. Scott Galloway, How do we rewire our relationship with money? Because most of us have a stressful relationship with money.


You wanna be good at money, put down the facade and start talking to people about their investments, how much money they make, what they do with their money, how they save money. What I tell young people is you can have it all. You just can't have it all at once.


Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Did you also think that she really burnt the car down too? Oh, Of course. And waiting next. Hell come on, man. Absolutely. I love That. What you got next? ASAP Rally. So ASAP Rally finally spoke out following, being basically proven that, or I don't know. I I was Say she drunk y'all. She drunk. Drunk. No, I was gonna say basically being proven as a liar, but I can't say that because But what did he Speak out and say? Emini here he was. So After ASAP Rocky was proven, was found not guilty. In the shooting of ASAP Rally, he posted something to his IG story, said Gossiping is a form of entertainment for people who have no meaningful goals or purpose in life. Hate me. Bring shame to my name. Say bad things about me. I don't care. Your existence doesn't add any value in my life. Now in the article, oh, I Know. Social media went crazy.


They was like gossiping. What about snitching? I know they went Crazy. Now I will say in the article that pinpointed this, they did mention your dunky. The today that you gave him no. Yeah. So maybe why say maybe he saw that too. I'm sure he seen that. And I'm sure that that upset him because Yes. If he, he lied on the stand. Correct. Yeah. So there was, there were things that were debunked on the sanity. It said, And I will say as we are wrapping up too, that I did reach out to Joe Taina. Of course you did. Who was asaps attorney of, you know, I did. This is before I went out last night. And he, he did tell me that right now they're putting together transcripts because they wanna submit it to the people, the, the, the establishment, the establishments. That may be because they do wanna push for perjury.


They wanna make sure that that Happens. I feel like anybody that lies on that stand, that tries to put somebody away, that tries to sue somebody that lies to, to gain for themselves, should have to face the music. Absolutely. Positivity. Well, Except Joe trying to make sure that Happens. That would stop people from lying on the stand. Yeah. Emini here, that's a, that's a known thing that perjury is a thing. Yeah, but most people you're under oath. But most people when they do that, they, there's no consequences for them. Think about it. Everybody who not Perjury. It's definitely consequences for perjury. You're under Oath for perjury. A lot of people that, that purge on the stand. Nothing ever happens. I, I don't know what you're talking about. You sound drunk now. I Think you talking about the purge the movie or something? I think you mean lying about, I think you're talking about lying about allegations, period.


Correct. That's what you're talking about. Yes. You get on that stand and you lie and commit perjury. You gonna get, you gonna get in trouble. Well, he should get in trouble then. Alright, well that's just with the mess. You right? Yeah, I'm good. Counting backwards from 10, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. She said 10 even. Try that one. 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. All right, well we come back, we got front page news and then Jasmine Crockett, congressman from Texas will be joining us. We'll talk with her next and don't go anywhere is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You're checking out The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's the dj, NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren, the Rosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. If you didn't listen earlier, we wema he will, amidst the remainder of the season, he has a blood clot in his right shoulder.


Damn. So he will miss that. And also Milwaukee Bucks. Bobby Portis. He was suspended 25 games for violating the NBA's anti-drug policy. Alright, what up Morgan? Alright y'all. So a federal judge says, president Trump's mass firings of government employees can continue. For now, multiple labor unions recently filed a lawsuit trying to block the administration's layoffs of thousands of probationary employees. Well, on Thursday, a judge denied that bid saying the federal court was not the appropriate avenue for their lawsuit. So if they can file the lawsuit, it's just not with the feeds. Despite the denial, the judge did indicate that he was sym sympathetic to the union saying many of Trump's executive orders cause disruption and even chaos in widespread quarters of American society.


Switching gears to the conservative Political Action Conference, also known as CPAC 2025. That's underway. Vice President JD Vance, he spoke and he talked about President Trump's efforts to slash federal spending. And at the political conference that bills itself as the most influential gathering of conservatives in The World. Now, Vance also spoke about Trump's efforts to end the war in Ukraine with Russia. Let's hear more from Vice President Vance at CPAC 2025. And I Think all of us are sitting around and asking, what the hell have we been doing with the American people's money for the last four years? Let's turn off the spigot and spend the American people's tax money on the American people's priority. And that's of course been a big focus in the administration too.


He wants the killing to stop. He wants to bring lasting peace to Europe. He doesn't just wanna stop it now and have the war restart a month from now. He wants to bring lasting peace to Europe. So Vance also talked about Trump's immigration policy saying drug traffickers free wi ride in this country is over with Trump back in office. This year's gathering is expected to be a celebration of President Trump's MAGA movement after Republicans sweeping victory in November. Trump is also scheduled to speak at the conference on Saturday. Others speakers expected to grace the stage or house Speaker Mike Johnson, senators Ted Cruz, Rick Scott, and Border Za Tom Pullman, speaking of which Ukrainian president Zelensky says he did have a productive meeting with President Trump's envoy to Russia and Ukraine.


And a post on ex Zelensky said he's grateful to the United States for all the assistance and bipartisan support for Ukraine and the Ukrainian people. Now, earlier this week, US officials met with Russia to discuss the end of its war with Ukraine and Zelensky meeting with Keith Kellogg came a day after he called Trump. He and Trump went back and forth over those talks. Now Trump called Zelensky a dictator without elections. While Ukrainian leader Zelensky said, Trump is living in this disinformation bubble. So the drama kind of continues, but we going to ease back a little bit and be pc politically correct, bringing things to New York. Governor Kathy Hoel is deciding not to remove New York City Mayor Eric Adams from office. But she is putting limits on his power now.


Hoel said she's troubled by the allegations against the mayor. She is proposing legislation to create a special inspector general to manage the city's affairs and give the city council speaker, comptroller and public advocate independent authority to take legal action against the federal government. Let's hear more from New York. Governor Kathy Hoel. Not just the initial indictment, but also the more recent allegation of a quid pro quo with the Trump administration. The State Inspector General will be able to direct the New York City Department of Investigations and the mayor will only be able to move the department Investigations Commissioner with the approval of the State Inspector General. The Trump administration has said is already trying to use the legal jeopardy facing our mayor as leverage to squeeze and punish our city.


The president's already trying to weaken our public transit system. She talking about the congestion price and she's still mad about that. So Hoko believes that the will of the voters preclude her power to remove him. She says she wants to expand funding to the state comptroller for city oversight. So she's gonna limit those. The powers that be for Mayor Eric, Adam. That's crazy. That's, that's like, yeah, you're not grounded, but you can't leave a house. That's pretty much what what they're saying. Like, yeah, that's what it sounds like. You're not gonna take you out, but we gonna watch what you do and limit what you can do. So he's, so basically he, he doesn't have full control as mayor. No, he does not. No. Nope. That would not Be the case. So you might as well take him out. If he can't do everything he's supposed to be doing as a man, you might as well just take him out if he, this might be Something that, because they trying to push him to just resign.


Yeah, I was gonna say, it sounds like it could be if you know, push to resign or you know, they push him out to resign. To your point, Lauren. Absolutely. And just switching gears to another story out of New York, very sad. Six upstate New York corrections officers are now facing murder charges in the death of an inmate caught on body cam. Now these six officers charged with murder and three others accused of manslaughter for not stopping the December attack where they were arraigned after a special prosecutor unsealed the charges on Thursday. Now Robert Brooks was the inmate, he was killed during a vicious attack inside the Marcy Correctional Facility. The state released body cam video around that. The time of the special prosecutor was appointed. It appears to show officers restraining, kicking and beating Brooks and more.


All of the officers had bail set at $100,000 or less. This is a developing story. So I will continue to keep you guys posted on this, but very, very, you know, very sad. Let's continue to say his name. Robert Brooks. That's your front page news. Happy Friday y'all. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Morgan. Morgan. Now when we come back, Jasmine Crockett will be joining us. She's the congresswoman from the Texas and we gonna talk to her next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy, Jess Aria, Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. One of the best messengers in the Democratic Party. That's right. We have Jasmine Crockett, welcome back. Good Morning. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. Up Go. I'm you be woke. You be clamping back. You been wake up in here? I do, but we don't have any hearings this early. I just wanna be clear. Nothing starts before 10 o'clock. How Are you? First and foremost, how you feeling? I'm over it. Dang. It's only been, what has it been? 30 days yet? I think it has this fool. This fool is driving me crazy. Do You eat sleeping this though? Like do you mean like, do you never like just turn off, turn the TV off, like everything. Like, you know what, I don't wanna think about it. I don't want to do nothing.


So as much as I don't wanna think about it, I definitely stop watching the news as much as I used to. But people are like DMing me. They're sending me emails, we're constantly getting phone calls. So no, I don't turn off. Is there anything good that this administration has done so far? Anything that you can say? Well, at least that's a good thing, Huh? Okay. Not nothing. I saw Bernie Sand just post yesterday about he likes what, what Trump is attempting to do with the Pentagon by auditing them and stuff like that. Okay. Attempting. Let's see it happen. Mm. Here's the reality. I serve on the oversight committee. That's where all the drama typically happens. And we've had Department of Defense come before us a number of times. The vast majority of the waste, fraud and abuse that we have in this country is Department of Defense.


You can Google and find out that at some point in time we were spending like a thousand dollars per toilet or something. So like that's where we see these inflated costs. That's where we have a lot of contractors, that's where they play a lot of games. That's where Eline gets the vast majority of his money is out of defense. And when they come before us and we ask them about their audit, they haven't had a clean audit in the last six times. We've asked for an audit. So the fact that they're gonna start with people that are getting $6 a day to eat, or they wanna go after the little old lady that's just trying to get her little healthcare and they believe that that's what the savings is, that's not where the savings is. Nor is it going after career civil servants and saying, oh, let me take your coins, let me take your job.


Because when we add up ev, even if we fired everybody that works for the federal government, it's only maybe four or 5% of our budget, but over or approximately 50% of our discretionary budget is defense and they can't pass an audit. So why we didn't start there where Elon has decided that he was gonna get two new contracts just in two weeks. One for $400 million to Tesla, another for a little over $300 million to SpaceX. I don't know why we didn't start there, but it seems like we could find a lot of waste, fraud and abuse because again, they've not been able to pass an audit school. School me on this too. Right? The Bill Clinton did the national partnership for Reinventing Government.


He essentially Elon's saying he's essentially doing the same thing Bill Clinton did as far as like, you know, making the government smaller. Yeah, more efficient. What do you say to that? What's the difference between what Clinton did in the nineties and what he's doing? So there's a lot that's different. But I do wanna start with, because I actually looked at the numbers. We really work kind of big. We actually had more people working in the federal government when Bill Clinton was in office initially than we have now. You know what the difference is? The country's just a little bit bigger, right? So chances are you would need more. And we're talking about the people that are delivering your mail. You're talking about the people. 'cause all y'all about to start calling us some, somebody ain't got my tax refund check. Okay?


So like firing the IRS, we're talking about, you know, the people that do FAA so the planes don't fall out the sky, right? So we have a lot more going on and we literally don't even have as many people as we had working when he came in. So we were a little kind of bloated when it came down to it. But also, all presidents should have advisors. And that's essentially what he had was an advisor. What they have said is that Elon is the one that cut off the spigot of money. Like this is after money was appropriated. And then he's like, oh no, no, no, you can't get that money. And now people are dying in other countries because U-S-A-I-D has stopped, And I wanna be clear about something. You can shut down U-S-A-I-D if you want to, but that has to be done congressionally, okay?


That's number one. Number two, U-S-A-I-D is less than 1% of our budget. So they over here talking about something, oh, they handing out condoms and they doing this and all this kind of stuff. It's literally less than 1% of our budget because they don't want you to pay attention to the over 99% of the budget where yes, I would say most of the waste, fraud and abuse is actually still at the hands of somebody like Elon Musk, like these bootleg trucks that he decided that he was going to sell the federal government, I think maybe at a hundred thousand dollars. I don't know what the price is per truck or whatever, but he's selling these trucks at the same time that he's getting rid of all the people that was con, that were conducting investigations over him about Tesla investigations, about SpaceX.


He got rid of all those people. And even in that interview that Trump just did, he's like asked by Fox News of all places, right? He's asked, well, you know, who's going to oversee Elon and make sure his conflicts are good? He's like, oh, Elon is Elon gonna go over? Like, I'm like, wait a minute now, like Emini here because I got a whole body of people that's over me. Like I don't just get to decide what is like right and wrong, and honestly, I'm not allowed to take any money. Like I have to live a very poor life right now. Right? Like, and you could be getting paid. I, I could be getting paid. I, I made more money before. I'll make more money after. Right now I am living not in the overflow. No Emini here now.


They were internet those days. Ja, you got Oh, oh yeah, houses Eli 8 million got listen. No, no, no. I, And I had to shut them down because first they said that I had a husband, no husband, y'all first, they said I had a husband and they said that I was paying him half a million dollars to keep me safe. And people were like, he should be doing that for free. And I was like, I don't know if y'all mix up the black girl or if y'all just think every black girl that comes to Congress brings a husband who has to live off of. That's not what it is. Okay? Right. No husband never been married, never been engaged. All right. That's number one. So then they said, well, she's worth $9 million and she's got all these homes.


Let me tell you something. When I first got to Congress about two weeks in, there was a case that I'd been working for seven years. It was a civil rights case, one of my last two civil rights cases, And I still got one pending. So just so y'all know, if I gotta resign, I'm gonna resign. But nevertheless, it goes to trial. I'm unable to participate because I'm not supposed to be, but I'm in this wind down period, it actually hits for about $22 million. So ethics says you can't collect your attorney's fee on that at all. Now mind you, I worked this case before I ever ran for Congress, right? So like, that gives you an idea of how far they go. So you, that money when it comes to the con No, but here's the deal. I would've resigned And I will resign.


No, I I'm not finna play with my money. Like, y'all tripping. 'cause I worked on that case for seven years. Yep. It was against a very small city that literally can't pay it. Now if for some reason they go find the coins, then you resign. Absolutely. I'm, I'm resigning, forcing a special election and I'll win. Right. But I do have another one that is pending and it's pending against the city of Dallas. And the officer in that case actually pled guilty if the city of Dallas does pay up. I, I, you heard it here first. Resign. I'm resigning and it will be a seven figure payday for me because as an attorney, yeah, we do have cases that hit for millions of dollars. It's not really that odd. The thing is that I've always been a bleeding heart liberal. I have.


So I was doing more criminal defense than anything. I wasn't really doing a lot of the big million dollar cases unless I was helping out the homies. I've got plenty of cases where I've gone into court, help homies get seven figure results, but that never was me. I just wanted to be comfortable. And now I got, you know, deal with Congress. You said you can resign and then run again, you said, is that what you Hell yeah. I'm Gonna collect my check. Resign. Get that money then. Yeah. All right. We have more with Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Jasmine Crockett. Now, do you think what Trump is doing now is to throw people off, is to the, well, we possibly gonna give you guys $5,000.


That's a distraction. We possibly gonna take the congestion prices, say hello to the king. You think he's doing those things to say, you know what? All the rest of that stuff, these people won't even check me because I'm doing, they think I'm doing this. That's exactly right. He knows that they're not gonna check him. Right. Like, Emini here you can go back and play the clips of him talking about how he loves the uneducated, right. If you would ever run for president, he was run as a Republican. Like, and we know, like, this isn't me trying to throw shade. These are just the facts. When you look at who's voting for who, the less educated folk. And when I say educated, I'm not even talking about formal education. I'm talking about people that literally don't want to read and enlighten themselves on facts. Those are the people that typically vote for the Republicans. And it's one of the reasons that we have to stop writing.


And these as Democrats, right? Like we wanna give you every single little detail that we can find so that you can have all the information. But the reality is that the average person that is going out there and voting, they're not paying attention to that. And we fail to realize how selfish people are. People go out and they vote in their own self-interest. And so you had all these racists that showed up and di decided that they were gonna vote for the other racists because they thought, Hey, we are all the same. But the reality is that he is a rich racist. Okay? And so when he decided that he was gonna look out for somebody, it was only gonna be other rich white guys, not the rest of y'all. So as you're losing your job, as you're losing your Medicaid, as you're losing your farm, you are feeling away because you're like, wait a minute, you were supposed to go after the others, not come after us.


And now they're saying, oh, well, we'll give you a $5,000 check. I don't see it happening right now. That is not a part of the budget that they have proposed. That is for sure. So they just had a markup. So this is the first that they're ever talking about this, the budget that they proposed where they went through a 13 hour markup just the other day, proposed getting rid of Medicare. So Emini here, theoretically, they should have the money if you decide that people won't have healthcare in this country, which costs a little bit more than $5,000 a person. But the reality is that they not finna do that. Why Do people still talk like Donald Trump is campaigning as opposed to like, he's actually here right now in the flesh doing what it is that he's doing. Like they still talk, like they stop, like they, they talk like they can stop this.


Like, I saw governor, the governor Illinois, JB what's his name? Pritzker? Yes. He was talking, but I'm like it that should have been said four years ago. Yeah. The things that he was saying. Yeah. It's like, like why are they talking? Like he's still campaigning? I I I'm gonna say this. I think that there's two things. I think that, again, Democrats are so cerebral that we were like, of course nobody's gonna vote for him again. They'll remember the dead bodies that were piling up in freezer trucks in New York. They'll remember that he was selling people to inject bleach. They'll remember that, you know, they were losing their jobs. They did not know if their family members were gonna live or die. They will remember. We thought he, like, people would remember. And then we started to realize way too late that a lot of people forgot.


All they remembered. It was almost like our brains would not remember the bad. All they remembered was like things like a $1,200 check, but they didn't remember how they got it, right? Like, they didn't remember Pelosi, they didn't remember the de the Democrats were controlling the house at the time. Like they didn't remember that part of the story. So the Democrats had messaging and marketing. Well, you know, we're still working. But I will say the other part of this though, about Pritzker is that I think what we're trying to do is at least make sure that people wake up. Because there are things that we can do. I don't accept defeat Emini here. If I accepted defeat, here's the reality. I wouldn't be sitting here before you. My ancestors never accepted defeat, so I won't either.


Did he win? Absolutely. Are we defeated? Absolutely not. And so right now, the house defeat the Election. Don't defeat the constitution. Absolutely. I like that. Look at you. Look at you with your illation. Okay, there we go. So here's the deal. We know that the house is only a, a three member difference. Three members going to the Democratic side means that we control the house and we start slowing things down. We have three seats that are about to be up. We have two seats that are up right now. We have another one that will be up in New York. And so I'm telling people, put all your energy into these three seats because I can't wait two years. Like I'm tired of him already. So we need an opportunity to start stopping him. So I do want governors like Pritzker to give people this belief and this hope.


And I want people to go out and say, you know what? I don't have very much money, but I think that it's worthwhile for me to give my $10 to these people that are running in Florida to give money to whoever is gonna ultimately run here in New York. I think it's worth my time to show up and actually knock on some doors and talk to people and listen to people and ask them, why did you vote for Trump? And Trump would still be your president? But don't you want this to slow down a little bit? Don't you want somebody to say, Hey, wait a minute. We think that it's important that social security still exists, and the only thing that will stand between you and your social security is potentially having a democratic house. And it doesn't mean you're a Democrat, but it does mean that you believe in a democratic republic.


And so I want us to work these three seats right now, because one of the elections, Florida will take place on April 1st. So those are the guardrails that are in place to protect, you know, people like the federal workers from what Elon Musk and Donald Trump are currently Doing. Well as it relates that to that part, the, the guardrails are the courts. That's the only thing that we have standing right now. And I'm concerned that ultimately the high court belongs to him. So I know he's trying to get those cases up to the Supreme Court again, get them to dismantle the Constitution a bit. Dismantle laws a little bit. But the fact that they pushed back on TikTok of all things like, just forget the subject matter. But ultimately in a nine to zero decision, when it came down to TikTok, they said, oh, nevermind.


Like, no, you can't do that. That that was signed into law. Whether you like it or not, it was signed into law. And you can't just unilaterally overturn that. So I think that we may have a little hope from them when it comes down to things like, once Congress appropriates something, you can't do anything about it. Now here's the thing. It'll never make to Supreme Court in time, because this last funding bill runs out on March 14th. We won't get to the Supreme Court by Mor March 14th to get a decision, but we potentially will have a new budget, and that budget should be done because he does have a Trump trifecta. It should be done in the image of what it is that they want to deliver. And so we'll see if they can get it done.


I don't know. I think we're shutting down on March 14th. On March 14th. Why you think the government's gonna shut down? Yeah, Emini here. The last time we shut down was under Trump. Wow. And we shut down, I think at least two times. And the longest shutdown we've ever had in the history of this country came under Trump. And right now they have a slimmer majority than they had when I was in the hundred and 18th session. So right now they only have, they can only lose one vote. One Republican vote can vote against it. So if all Democrats show up and vote against it, which we should, they can only lose one mm. Right now. I, I don't see how they get it passed, but we'll see. They can get it passed the Senate. I don't see how they get it passed the house.


All right. We have more with Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett, when we come back is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Jasmine Crockett. Well, child, what is on your shirt right there? I was ready. Say I love the Hoodie. What, what is on your shirt? Break down what's on your shirt, child? Yes, yes, yes. So we dropped the child collection, the child collection after Nancy Mace at the, like she wanted to take me outside. So she Wanted five minutes with you. She So was going through your mind when she asked you. So I'd like to take this outside now. You know, she Graduated from the man Military school. I don I don't care. Care the man military. Yeah. She Was the first woman to graduate from this Citadel, which is an all male military school.


Yeah, yeah. Right. So DEI helped her Mm. Just FYI. Okay. Because it didn't exist. And there were people that did not want a woman in the institution, but her father actually taught at the institution. And so she wanted to be just like her dad. And so they Sued, they went to the courts so that she could get in as a woman. And now she is the very same woman that wants to do like a bunch of the same immigrants to somehow get over here, get their citizenship, and then they like, forget everybody else coming behind me. She is the same. And so she claims that she's been a champion for women and that's why, why she's against trans people. But she forgets that she benefited from diversity, equity, and inclusion like most white women, because white women are the vast majority of the beneficiaries of DEI policies.


But that's all the issue. But when she said, let's take it outside, you know, I really want to be like, let's go Now. I knew that I couldn't because again, they would've been trying to expel me. Yeah. And if the tables were turned, if I had said that to her Mm oh, the Karen would've been calling everybody to come through and come grab me. And they would've had me on the floor for an explosion for trying to incite violence against another member of Congress, literally in a committee hearing. But instead they said, well, maybe she meant go outside for coffee. You know what though? I do be thinking that though. That's what they said. I Be thinking that these people are so old and so culturally clueless that they don't understand.


No, no, no, no, no, no. He was laughing when he did it. Said no, he, because even When you did your bad bill Bush bodies that the guy was like, what? What happened? Yeah. It is the same guy. It's even saying the same gun he knew, even You saying child, Nancy was like, I'm a child. I'm not a child. Right. I'm not a child. Now I do think that she is culturally unaware, even though she's always bragging about how many black people she represents in her district in South Carolina. Black people in South Carolina. Wake up, get rid Of her. We went to high school together. That's Shout homie. Emini here. She, no. Well, she's, anyway, I'm not gonna cuss. You said she need be do the economy down there. She does because South Carolina about to catch it. Just like all these other, all of the red states. All, all of them. Yeah. They about to catch it the hardest.


Like you think you're quote unquote owning the libs. But guess what? New York has money. Okay, guess what? California has money, right? The ones that are broke and need the money that New York and California pay into is your little red states down south. The vast majority of y'all, y'all are the ones that are broke. And y'all are the ones that are constantly bleeding population as well. Right? Like we know that these small states, like people are moving to the big cities, which tend to be in the bluer states where there are more opportunities. So, but Nancy, you know, she now wants to run for probably she wanted to take it outside. 'cause they going through all of that. No, she, she just wants to try to elevate her name and her status.


So she's allegedly talking about running for governor in 2026. Don't do it, don't do it South Carolina. But if you look into her, like she has so much staff that has resigned. She is consistently being accused of all types of inappropriateness when it comes to like sex stuff in general. Hmm. What do you mean? So beyond her? Well, I, I'll Just say that in committee, right? In that same hearing, she was talking about quote unquote chicks with penises. Oh, okay. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. So she was doing like all that kind of stuff. So she constantly like throws the word around and committee and that kind of thing. But she's also been accused of talking to staff about her sex life and making them uncomfortable.


And so she's had staff resign alleging that she is very inappropriate. She Did Just say she was a victim of rape and sexual abuse On the house floor. She also did that with a lot of protections. So people don't know that if you go on the house floor, you can pretty much say anything and people can't sue you. It's the debate clause. What? What, what do you mean they can't you speech and debate. Speech and debate clause means that when you are in the chamber and you're on the floor and you say certain things, I can say something defamatory And I can't be Sued. Oh Wow. So the theory is this, is that she decided now that she's getting ready for this gubernatorial, she decided to kind of head off some potential bad headlines by going onto the house floor and accusing not one, not two, but three men of sexually abusing her and recording it and drugging her.


So the thought is that maybe there's a sex tape that's about to come out. And so if she went on the floor, they can't do anything about it. Now she's not filed charges against any of them. She just went on the floor, made these accusations, but did not go and file a case against anybody. Now, if she files a case against somebody and she's found to be lying, that is a crime. But she could go on the floor and


accuse, Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else? Something much more ominous that appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, we Used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people. One minute it was there and one minute it wasn't. Oh, that is be on. Creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The more better the merrier title of your podcast. All your old Brooklyn nine, nine Friends are appearing on your favorite podcast. More better. Don't miss Brooklyn Nine nine Stars and show hosts Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro as they welcome their friends and former castmates. Back to laugh about old times and swap some stories this week. It's Gina ti herself, the talented Chelsea Peretti. Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah. I was like, I Then next week, the nine nine nonsense continues as the more Better Amigos. Sit down with Joe La Trulio. AKA Detective Charles Boyle. There'll be more laughs more conversation, more stories from the set and more, more better. Don't miss a minute.


You Felt safe enough to fill out a bad idea. Right? Emini here. That is the key because you're definitely not throwing out good ideas all the time. Emini here. That's just not how it works. Listen to More Better with Stephanie and Melissa on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, Have you brought us Cancellation Island where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jay Shetty. My latest episode is with financial expert Scott Galloway. If you are doing a lot of side hustles, it's very, very difficult to be great at your main hustle. The only way you're gonna build real wealth and economic security is to go all in on one thing. That is greatness focus. None of this matters. None of it means a thing if you can't have deep and meaningful relationships. Scott is a professor of marketing at NYU Stern School of Business. He's a bestselling author. He has earned a massive following through his lectures, podcasts, and YouTube channel. Scott Galloway, How do we rewire our relationship with money? Because most of us have a stressful relationship with money. You Wanna be good at money, put down the facade and start talking to people about their investments. How much money they make, what they do with their money, how they save money. What I tell young people is you can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Them of whatever, and they can't sue her. Gotcha. So interesting place to Yeah. Go and report most people what happen to believe all women. Jasmine, I ain't never said that. Oh, okay. That was another, alright. Okay. You confused with somebody else? I ain't never said that. Is it true to somebody else there works for the another city member? They called in and said that they bet they was betting on a fight between you. Oh yeah. They wanted to see a fight. Who was that? What was that? Oh, I don't know who it was. Hmm. But we have Capitol Police. Yo, shut up man. We have Capitol Police following up on that because they called during working hours on a house phone and they were so smart that they didn't realize that all calls made on house phones are recorded.


So it is recorded. We know which member's office it came from. It was a Republican outta Texas. Hmm. Whose office it came from. They Were trying to bet on, on the floor And the fight between you names guys. Yeah. So they called my office and was like, yeah, this is what we wanna see. Blah, blah blah blah, blah. That's we trying to place a bet. Some random staffer called my office Shut up. It's the Audacity Court. I, I could see why they would want to see it. But this is what I'm saying. Right. Do you think that Congress could get more done if y'all actually did throw hands every now and no. Like hockey? No. Just real quick, real quick. 30 seconds. Did y'all get it out and go back? No, we don't want Don want you fighting. No, don't want, I do want to ask you this because I know you gotta go.


Why don't Democrats sit down? Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries, they all represent an old way of doing things that don't work anymore. People like yourself a OC. Y'all know how to communicate. Y'all know how to message. Why don't they let y'all be front facing in the party? What are they holding onto? I know their positions, but forget the position. If they're not connecting with people, why are they the ones that are out front but not y'all Emini Here. There's just a lot that we could be doing. And I'm hoping that we get a lot more aggressive and decide every single day. Like this is just what it is. Like I told my staff, I'm like, y'all had it good last term. I know y'all thought y'all didn't, but I'm like, we actually now have to work 10 times harder than we did before. Because we've gotta make sure people understand how bad these policies are and what's happening.


If we don't communicate it in real time, then we're doomed. That was the problem, even when we were trying to get the White House back, is that we did not communicate in real time the good things we were doing. That's right. Now they're like, oh wait a minute. Those wait a minute. So the overdraft fees, that was Joe Biden, they reduced it. So it wasn't more than five thou $5 per overdraft. And now the Republicans have filed a bill saying, you know what? We want those overdraft fees to go back up because again, they're looking out for the rich people, not the people who is struggling. Who has overdraft fees? Is it the rich people or is the people living check to check people living in check? So the people that kept saying, oh no, he's for the middle class. No he is not. And they tried to convince you that the Democrats had done nothing, but they had, they had consistently done things for the middle class.


It's just that. And so when, even when Democrats are like, oh, we're not the party of the middle class anymore. Yes we are. Our policies are clear because overdraft fees, that's not for rich people. But now it is about to be for rich people. You know why? Because again, we're seeing a government that wants to prey on those that are struggling so that others at the top can benefit to some ridiculous amount of money. And that's what we're about to go through. So I'm just like, listen, if you were broke and thought he was your guy, well God bless you all. Hakeem Jefferies can never talk like that. I just want you to know that. All right. I just wanted, chucks can never speak the way you just spoke for people alone. You to know that. Thank you Congresswoman. Jasmine Crockett, we appreciate you. We Appreciate service. I appreciate Y'all. Thank you so much.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Jess. With the messes. Up next, let's get to Jess with the best. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no Lying. Don't, Don't nobody Worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren OSA back And I got the mess. Talk to me. All righty y'all. So for anybody that was wondering how the big mech welcome Home concert cancellation situation really went down from inside, we had the answers Booie to the rescue.


Let's take a listen. Oh, we was asking the people, even the people at the arena, and he was like, some federal people came in here with letters. What? Like, like shut the shit down. Like it was some what? Yeah, that was the, one of the workers say like they came in here right before at They said they came in soundcheck and shut it down. So this was this some last minute power. Whatever happened to the, with this, the arena was open. Everything was open bro. Like it was going down. Was that on black tv? Yes. That was Glad TV on Black. Yep. Now I think that that makes it even worse. And it honestly makes me want to figure out what, who these federal people and what is the situation I'm known? I don't know. But I know that the son of Sam Law, I'm not saying this is part of it, but the son of Sam Laws, you can't profit off of a crime that you did.


What? Crime What? What crime? Huh? What Crime? You can't profit off of, I guess your name or the crimes or anything telling the story of that You did you Big niche. But they telling them Welcome home. It's a concert. I don know. I don't know. I was thinking maybe they thought that there, the capacity was gonna be too crazy and you know, like prior Marshals can come in or whatever, but that's not federal. They, I was was told, I was told they sold 900 tickets and 14,000. Oh yeah. The building holds 14,000 People. That's what I was told. I was told it was a ticket thing. Well, Booie also talked about just the way that little mech has been carrying a whole situation. And I will say Little Mech was out and about and there's a video of him chopping it up with Rick Raw at Floyd Mayweather's party in Miami recently. Let's take a, listen. Booie had to say about how Lamech is carrying this whole situation.


Lamech ain't ain't, I ain't like his response, but seem like he got a genuine kind of love for 50 on his response. But you know, my response, you, let's go to water. You, I don't know what mech mic was on something, nigga. That's my paw. I don't, I don't give a fuck my son. You ain't gonna go against this grain. He basically feels like he's leaning into 50 too much. But Emini here now that this video is out of him and Rick Ross, I don't think that that's the case whatsoever. So now we know I I am gonna try and figure out more information about that though. Like what was that situation like? Who are these federal people that Booie Saying himself The show at the concert? Yeah, with the concert at the, for the Big Meech Welcome Home concert.


So Booie was saying that Meech little mech should just roll with Big Meech. Yeah. Yeah. That's his. It's a little more complicated than that though. Is it? I get it. Yeah, I get it. Emini here. I understand. But you know, he does have a relationship with 50 as Well. That's his father. But it's still business. You're grown, you're, you're two adults. Like Little Meech is an adult. Big Meech is an adult. 50 Cent is an adult. Little Mech has his own relationship with 50. He's getting caught up in the cross heads or whatever. You know, big mech 50 and Ross got going on. I thought Lil Me's response to the 50 was valid. Your dad name is Cowboy, right? Yeah. Cowboy. Get into something. You going to neutrally try and figure it. No. So You gonna go from zero to a hundred.


Well let's go to Ward 50. It is different. Nah, let's go to war. But like, I'm not explaining, I'm not texting him on, on none of that. That's my dad. I Think little, I think little Mitch Meech looked at 50 as a father figure. Remember Little Mech was down for a so many times, so many years and 50 helped him out rehab allegedly and got him a deal. So I think he might have looked at him as a father figure. I get it. I hear you. You know how I felt about 50. Think about that. But that's his dad. Sure. But there should still be a conversation. There still shouldn't just be a yo. From what I remember in the text, the text was like, oh what yo, what's going on? What's, what's happening here? Right. But 50 had already went zero to a hundred at that point. So now you gotta pick a side and I'm, that's my dad. So you think he should Just match energy and just do what Booy said?


He No, no. He, he should calmly just sit next to his dad and just chill, stop texting, stop all of that. Take what comes with it. Your dad made a decision. Here we are. Do you have a conversation with your father and say, damn pop, did you even think about this? You know that 50 and Ross a Hundred percent. You know what, 50 and Ross got an issue a hundred percent and 50 did a lot for us. You do have that conversation, You know what I'm saying? But you gotta roll with your pops. Like when it comes to like you now you stepping over the line, you sending texts like, hey, I don't think it's that easy. No, I'm not setting up no sex. I'm staying on my Side. Not in that Situation. I know it's, I know it seems like that to some people, but I don't think it's that easy. Not In that situation. Well, And I know it wasn't that easy for Little Beach. It can't, it's not that easy. But it's your dad though.


Like I don't, I don't know. Not in that situation. Not when your dad been down for what, 20 years or how Long it's been? What? What's tea? What's tea girl, what's happening? I'm just asking you. Ooh, You gave me that face. Go ahead Andy Cole on what's going on. What you about to stir? Nothing. I'm gonna, mom, I'm about, don't you start that dad stuff. Don't, I'm not. You see what you Me, Montana? I'm Not. It's happening. You good All No. Mm. I'm gonna tell. Matter of fact, I'm gonna text You all right? Don't text me nothing In your box. Then I'm gonna text you and then you tell me who You think about Disconnected is, alright anyway. And another news. I don wanna say this over another news. Kim Kardashian is being Sued because she posted the wrong guy when she was trying to help get an inmate freed from death row. Y'all know how she be like posting and making these like Yep. Entertainment stories Public or, or these stories public about these, these different people bringing light to situation.


She posted the wrong guy. Yeah. So according to a new lawsuit obtained by TMZ and a few other outlets of recorded this as well too. You Saw my text, My phone's disconnected. Kim is being Sued by Ivan Cantu, a project manager from New York who Kim identified as a man awaiting the death penalty in Texas. In a Texas, Texas prison cell. So she posted a photo of Ivan Cantu on her social media back in February and she was trying to bring awareness to the case as I mentioned. But it was the wrong guy. So she subjected him to public embarrassment, shame, hatred, ridicule, disgrace, contempt and aversion. So now he's suing her for liable. What? How you sue somebody for libel. I I ain't never heard that.


And slander over the mix up. Basically he's saying like, you posted this, you made people think that I was What do y'all, hold on. What is the text? What did my dad side with me? I did not say That. That's what you text me. Oh I did. Okay. I just asked the question. Yes, my dad would side with me. What's going on girl? He Would, yeah he would. I'm just Asking. I can't honestly, he might wanna see you about something because you be, you be up here acting real crazy. He From the east, east he from, he from the Carolinas too, right? Not south though. North Carolina. Well hopefully Yes. Come see me 'cause then you can come see our Okay because last time, well from what I was told that didn't work out. That didn't work out too. Right. He was gonna say what was it was the last time you fire today.


You know what, lemme stop. I know that's Right. I texted you brought it to the radio. Let's keep going. You set yourself up for that one. I as well let you know that Pretty pretty Vee was on the show. Hey Pretty Vee. Speaking of people with you know, great families Pretty Vee was on the show and she said some things that got people on her and when she said it I was like ooh, they gonna be mad about that. Let's take listen of what she said when she was up here. Stage plays have been around forever. Yes. You know what Emini here, there's people that have made multi-millions of dollars off stage plays. Of course we know the Tyler Perrys. The David Tower. Yes. David Tower. But that's Elaine that a lot of people, especially your generation aren't in. You could easily be producing stage free. Yeah. Shout out to Tory Lanes. I know you, you feel me? Shout out free To free, free free Tory Lane.


Like you know he, he dmd me the other day and was just like, yo, you could be producing plays like you're just, And I be like, how you know? You Know I'm just telling you what he told me. Right, right, right. Know shout out to him. I know people got mad at that, didn't they? Oh what They was. Oh they was in the comments. They was like, oh this was such a great interview. She and prayed for the people and then she said Shout out to Elaine's free. And mind you pretty V is such a positive person. It's like how you throw any type of negativity her way. But it did happen. She had a response to it as well as take listen to that. Someone Said they lost me with the Torry lanes thing. I'm like, I'm just telling y'all the advice that I got from him about producing my own show. Like I could talk about that if I want. You can't go nowhere and say free Torry lanes and not expect to get free.


That's what It was. Yeah, It was the free But she backed though. You saw she backed away from the free like I think she caught it in real time. Yeah. That's why you don't be yelling free people. 'cause you don't know if they supposed to be there or not. You be up here yelling a lot of things. You don't need to be yelling. I didn't know I texted it. Mm okay. You fought it to the radio. Tell but now you gotta tell 'cause people are confused. No they don't. No they don't. You line up. He lining you up. You don't have to tell us you should because people confused. No, no you don't. No they, no they Don't. My dad is probably listening. Hey dad love you. Why you keep doing your neck be so sassy? Charlemagne for the listeners who can't see his Charlemagne and his sassy Necker up here just rolling and rolling and rolling And you and your dad's good money, right?


Me and my dad are great. Me and my dad are great. My last name spoke to him. You see, I don't, I don't even know why y'all do My dad. I just, my dad just, this is Crazy. You see I haven't, I haven't let the record show I've done none of this. I had to. I okay. This is him. I'm, And I was trying to back up. You're a father. I was Trying to back you Up a father. Vy, you're a father. I'm sorry. Can you some God in here's You're a father. All We Is a gay daddy. I just want you to know that gay daddy is a fava. We got a whole family and a wife. But y'all, I Know that's right. All rough.


I hate this place. It's a Friday man. Yo. Who you giving your donkey to man? Four after the hour, there's a woman named Ashley Cross from Memphis to Luther Memphis. She's boycotting Walmart. Okay, we'll discuss four after the hour maybe Walmart's boycotting her. We'll figure it out. All right, We'll get to that next. Do we have any Kirk Franklin? 'cause we need some, some positivity in this room. Oh, we can always play Regina. Now you wanna call Linda Fox? But I know it ain't in there. I'm always down here. Regina Kirk Franklin. We got Kirk Franklin. I don know y'all hearts and he don't want hear him. All right. Kirk Franklin ain't especially that one over there. Love Kirk Franklin. But he ain't got nothing on Regina Bell. God is good. Regina Bell, God is good is the greatest dis record Satan has ever Received. Oh my God.


NB is over here smiling. What song trying some Kirk Franklin On? We ain't got Stomp. He got some. What's a good current Wish, wish we had. God is good. Don't worry about it though. You heathens. That's why you ain't got nothing. Play Call. God did. That's the closest we going get. Y'all didn't know. Ain't no God in this damn radio station. Play it. Y'all are fine. Y'all don't go to break. Go to break. Press whatever you got Rick. Excuse me. Wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. We you to read. He gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve. The people need to know didn't. Well you need to tell them I am. But you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. There It.


It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. Only one Charlamagne damn Charlamagne. Who you give to Dunky other day to now? Well, sexy Red Donkey today for Friday, February 21st goes to Ashley Cross. Ashley is a 37-year-old African American woman from Memphis, Tennessee. Okay. Salute to everyone who listens to us on K 97 in Memphis. Now, I'm sure that you all are aware by now that a lot of companies have rolled back their diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. One of those companies is Walmart. Now if you read my first book Black Privilege and you know the Joy Walmart bought me as a child. Because when you grow up in the country like I did, salute the most corner South Carolina drop on a cruise.


Bumps from most corner South Carolina. When you grow up in the country or rural area, the 24 hour Walmart is everything. Okay? That's where we would go late at night because there was nothing else to do. Yes, the good old days walking the holy grounds of Walmart. This was way back in the day when the only thing they were rolling back is prices. But a lot of people have called for a boycott of these companies in particular Target. But Ashley Cross has decided that she is staging a one woman boycott of Walmart. Yes. In fact, Ashley is not gonna be shopping at Walmart and Period. No Walmart in the country, none of them ever again. Okay. Do you have that kind of commitment to your boycott? Can you vow to never shop in an establishment ever again?


Or a Scott Paper towel being 10 68 for 12 rows too great a deal to pass up? Well, if it is, then you can always do what Ashley did because it's guaranteed Ashley will never step foot in any Walmart ever again. And I lied. It's not because she's boycotting Walmart, it's actually because Walmart is boycotting her. What do you mean Uncle Sharla? Walmart is boycotting her. Well let's go to news channel three for the report please. Ashley Cross charged with criminal trespass and theft of merchandise is according to the police report, a well-known shoplifter at this Walmart on Elvis Presley Boulevard in Whitehaven, so well known to Walmart. That cross is on an authorization of agency list, meaning she's banned from any Walmart location in the United States.


The Elvis Presley Boulevard store is where Cross and another suspect were arrested. February 10th Cross was seen using a device to scan her items for $1 at a self-checkout machine. Ashley Cross remains in jail on a $7,500 bond. She is due back in court February 19th, the suspect with cross received a misdemeanor citation for theft of property. Oh, she already went to court. I wonder what happened. Listen, I used to shoplift up until 2016. Okay? That's when I stopped shoplifting. But I didn't, you know, feel like I was stealing because I didn't. Nine years ago. Yeah, about nine years ago. You had a little money nine years ago. Are you still stealing? I don't know.


But I didn't feel like it was stealing because I didn't try to hide anything. I would walk in and, you know, take what I want and just walk out. You only get caught when you look suspicious, you know? Plus, I never really stole anything but magazines. You know, when I was young, like black and mild, 12 packs of Bud Light, random stuff like that. But Ashley is clearly a kleptomaniac and she's good because she was using a barcode from an old watch battery to scan all her items for just $1 to self-check out. I stand a creative thief. Okay, y'all still stealing like Flintstones Ashley out here, like a jet with it. Or maybe this is the normal way to shoplift. Now I don't steal anymore, so I wouldn't know. But Ashley stole 11 packs of ramen noodles, women's boots, a pair of jeans and a t-shirt.


All totaling $137 and 34 cents. Now this woman was clearly stealing essentials. Okay? These are reasonable things to steal. Ramen noodles, boots, clothes. I understand in America, I'm gonna tell you something you don't want to hear. There's gonna be a lot more of this. Why? Because during America's inflation crisis, Walmart was the spot. Okay? You can get good deals, all types of essentials. But on yesterday, Walmart said things are about to get slow because consumers are growing increasingly frustrated with inflation and they're concerned about President Trump's tariffs. Basically, folks been broke and if people keep losing their jobs, they'll be broke. And if you are the reason, okay, people are losing their jobs like Elon Musk and Donald Trump are in regards to federal workers and you're putting tariffs on items.


Not only do I not have a job, things are gonna be even more expensive. So what am I gonna resort to doing? I'll tell you what people will resort to doing. Trying to survive and trying to survive can look like a number of things. And sometimes one of those things is shoplifting. I'm not making excuses for Ashley. I'm just telling America what the, what the inevitable is when you don't take care of the least of us. Nevertheless, Ashley crosses on Walmart's authorization of agency list, which prohibits her from entering any Walmart store across the country. I didn't know such a list existed, but Ashley is on it and she is currently, well I don't even know if currently, but she was being held on a $7,500 bond probably still in there.


She probably still in there because if you ain't had $134 to get these items from Walmart, you damn sure ain't got the $7,500 bond. All the 10% of $750 to get out. But some donkey of the days just sell themselves. Please give Ashley Cross the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons The dog of the day. Alright. You know, it's just, you feel bad for no, you don't feel bad for her. She's a repeat offender.


She could have got a job Or maybe the first offense put something on her record and she couldn't get the job. That is true too. But she stole from there a lot. Why wouldn't you switch it up? All right, this gonna sound bad, but no, you ever, you ever being self checkout and be feeling like I'm this, I shouldn't have to pay for this stuff. Like some of this stuff is owed to me. No. Like, maybe she felt Like that. No, I don't, I don't feel, Feel like that. I don felt like that. And that's what happens when you still wiggle glue. When you still wig glue. You know what I'm saying? You Huh? You what? What Happened? You Snoring.


Yeah. You so lucky you was stealing when your face was two different colors because they, they wouldn't have recognized you from either side. That Is true. That is very true. If you, if if if I'm on camera in 2016, that's not me. That's not true. Okay. That is not me. All right. It's not the same person. Yeah, we know. Alright, well that is donkey of the day. Now when we come back, the CEO of Red Lobster will be, will be joining us. Yes. Name is Moler Adam Loken, His brother is, is 36 years old. Old. He's the CEO of Red Lobster. This brother was up here suited up. He used to be the CEO of pf ch, he went to Brown one. Winter Brown. Now one is Ivy League. Yep. Woman up here. He shot attempted to shoot. They shot. Shot. He didn't. Yep. You know what I'm saying?


He didn't have no ring on. Not one. Not one no ring on. And y'all all We was having that. That's The catch. We was having a conversation back there about y'all look For artists, athletes, musician. That's right. You let any musicians let any little come up here, y'all lose it any Little, lemme tell y'all any Baby There was, there was a white, there was a woman in here, a white woman in here And I was trying to see if he was with her. I couldn't figure it out or if it was just a publicist. She works for Red Lobster. We didn't know. There you go. But don't, don't tell us what we wasn't do. Like don't worry about us. Y'all did not shoot your Shot. Don't worry about, that's The one you should have shot your shot. Don't worry young. Stop letting white women take advantage of PT again. Us. Okay. Just, We wasn't didn't have, it wasn't all flashy.


No, we love us And you didn't love that. Yet again, you let a white woman be the the number one beneficiary de we love, You know, young men thriving. Don't worry about us. Oh, you got the number. Well she definitely the number def Definitely did Not. We'll talk to him when we come back. Didn't. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes. See you waiting to get your ass kicked. Let's go, let's go. CEO of Red Lobster. Okay, what else? Let's go, let's go Demo. Okay, here come the punch. Adam Malkin. Hey, that was good. That was what did he get it?


I was An eight outta 10 man. Almost. Got it. Almost got it. How do you pronounce your last name? Adam. Adam. You were Very close, man. That's a, that's a good, that's a good effort. You know, it's crazy. Ola. We interview a lot of people and people always ask, you know, who do you want to interview? And I never know the answer, but then I see certain people on the schedule and I'm like, damn, I would like to talk to this guy. And when I saw your name on the schedule, I was like CE of Red Lobster. Yeah. Yes. I'd like to talk to him. Yep. It's pleasure. That's you guys. You guys are doing amazing things. It's gonna be on. Thank you. Well, let's start from the beginning. Yeah. How did you get into food? Because you just weren't the CEO of Red Lobster. You were CEO of PF Chang. So how did you get your start into this restaurant Business? You're only 36. Yeah, I was gonna say, you look young.


Yeah, Really? I started by waiting tables when I was young. When I was in high school. And you're from I'm from, I'm Nigerian originally, but I went to high school in Maryland. Okay. Was nice. Nice. I was, yeah. I was, you know, doing the, the waiter slash runner thing in, in high school. But in this current track, you know, I started working in finance when I was in college. So I started interning at Goldman Sachs And I was 19, so 17 years ago. Wow. So I got my first internship at Goldman. I was at Brown playing football and worked at Goldman for four years and then worked at a private equity firm called TPG. And then went to business school and then worked at a hedge fund here in New York. The reason I got into restaurants, 'cause I did a restaurant deal.


We bought PF Chang's in 2019. Who was we? I worked for John Paulson, who's a famous billionaire investor in New York. His, his firm is called Paulson Company. So I was working at a hedge fund and we do a lot of things. The hedge fund's big, it's, you know, billions of dollars and we do a lot of different things. But one of the things that we did that I suggested was to buy PF Chang because it was up for sale. So I, I pitched it to the firm, they agreed, but it was, I led the deal. This is 2019 now. So it was up for sale. You know, I thought it was an interesting thing. Good brand, great, great history, great product. I thought we could do a lot of new things with it. We could add delivery, we could remodel the restaurants, we could, we could make it more interesting. Make it, make it more relevant. Cool. And it was all going pretty well.


And then CO hit right in 2020. Right. So my, my big restaurant deal, you know, we put hundreds of millions of dollars into it and it went south during Covid, like, like everything else did. So how did you get to Red Lobster? Red Lobster. So, you know, the PF Chang's deal went well and it, you know, it, it won me some, some plot. Its in the industry because it was difficult. Right. And, and it, we, we made it happen. And then after that I connected with the, the folks who had lent money to Red Lobster before the company went bankrupt. So they were in line to own it coming outta bankruptcy. It's a good group called Fortress. And so they asked me first to consult, to provide advice. Like, you know, you just spent four years running a business that was in distress similar to this, you know, what do you think of this situation?


So I was advising them at first and then it turned into, they asked me to come run it. Basically. I presented a plan, they were like, we like your plan, please come execute it for us. Right. So, so I took over a CEO coming outta bankruptcy in September. That's what we've been doing. You Know, when I first heard that story, I was on the radio acting like I knew what I was talking about. Yeah. And I was just like, I know exactly what Red Lobster should be doing. Yeah. And I felt like Red Lobster should, you know, scale down from being a fine dining establishment and be more like Chipotle. Like you could go in there and, you know, you can get your lobster and shrimp pasta right from the bar or whatever the items is just right there from the bar. Just make it like a smaller, more Chipotle like a establishment as opposed to a fine dining restaurant. Well, your point about being able to get food conveniently is an important one.


There should be options and there should be ways where you get things you need quickly. For example, our delivery business, that should feel fast casuals where you put in an order, it comes quickly, et cetera. The way the company's set up has a cost structure that you can run it. You can run it like Chipotle for example, our restaurants, they're nine, 10,000 square feet. Chipotles are 1500 square feet, maybe 2000 max. So you have a real estate footprint that you couldn't run on Chipotle revenue for per unit. Right. You have to, you have to do more. The food we serve, we serve lobster and crab. You can't sell that at Chipotle price points 'cause you pay too much for those products. So there's, there's structural differences in the businesses that would prevent that. But that said, some of the things Chipotle's good at you can be better at.


Right? Like delivery, digital, you know, speed of service. Those are things that people care about and definitely you can learn from. So Hold on. Remember I started off by saying, acting like I knew what I was talking about. You said I knew. I Just say, I said acting like I knew what I was talking about. So how do you say Red Lobster now? Right. Well, so the thing is you have to lean into what made it successful in the first place. Right? Like, what do people love about Red Lobster? There's a reason. It is what it is. The biscuits. Biscuits for sure. Biscuits. And I also think a lot of us from where we grew up, that was, you know, we went for graduation, we went for absolutely celebratory type of thing. So that's the reward. Like The feeling, it felt like five star five, it felt 90 Like five star. There you go. Until you started make, so that's, that's it. But until all these other restaurants started popping up.


Exactly. Now, you know, people look down on Red Lobster when it comes to celebratory. They'll go to, you know, a PF Chang's, they'll go to a towel, they'll go to a, an expensive steakhouse because they don't look at Red Lobster as that anymore. I'm Probably include a PF Chang's. I think that's our, I I wouldn't put, I wouldn't put Changs in Changs put Changs In there, but you know, that's good. But you know, so how do you change that way of thinking? So, or do you It it used to be, it used to, red Lobster was the first company to take these high-end seafood products across the country. It was the first place you could get lobster, get crab. For a lot of people, it's their first experience. I went with to Red Lobster in Springfield, Illinois when I used to live there. When I was in, you know, nine or 10. And I remember that.


So I think people, a lot of people have these memories after church on Sundays, you know, important dinners, graduation, et cetera. The, it's now, you can get these products in different places, but we're still the only company at scale that serves lobster and crab. And by the way, lobster and crab are wild caught products. You can't farm raise them. So they catch 'em on boats. We buy 25% of the lobster that's, that's caught on boats in North America. We buy a quarter of it. Wow. We buy a quarter of the crab that's caught by virtue of our size and scale. We can get the best product, which we do. So the lobster you get at Red Lobster is as good as lobster. You'll get anywhere. But people don't Know that. No, not at all. Pe. And so there's a communication aspect to it that need to let people know this is the best, this is the best product you can get for lobster, for crab. That's number one.


Number two, you need to give people a reason. You know, you mentioned Chipotle. If we're not gonna be price to Chipotle, then we need to offer something. And that Chipotle doesn't offer. And what that is is called service and hospitality. Like, you need to come in, you need to feel like you're welcome. You need to feel like you're a guest. You need to be taken care of. You need to get a, a connection with your server. So it's food and it's service is where we win and ambiance, Because a lot of these restaurants just don't look big. But that's another thing That is, that is Lot to feels like McDonald's at times when you walk in, like it's outdated. The floors look, look very cold. The place looks Cold. Just, just use the right word. Outdated. I did a red, I did a remodel project at PI totally agree. I did a remodel project at PF Chang's where we remodeled 80% of the restaurants. Right?


If you go to 'em now, it's red gold, black, like looks. Yeah. Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else? Something much more ominous that appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road. Or look like mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, We used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people.


One minute it was there and one minute it Wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting used specifically? Yes,


absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The more better the merrier title of your podcast. All your old Brooklyn nine, nine Friends are appearing on your favorite podcast. More better Don't miss Brooklyn Nine, nine Stars and show hosts Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro as they welcome their friends and former castmates. Back to laugh about old times and swap some stories this week. It's Gina ti herself, the talented Chelsea Perretti. Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah. I was like, can I also hug them? Then next week, the nine nine Nonsense continues as the More Better Amigos. Sit down with Joe La Trulio, AKA Detective Charles Boyle. There'll be more laughs more conversation, more stories from the set and more, more better.


Don't miss a minute. You Felt safe enough to fill out a bad idea, right? Yeah. Emini here. That is the key because you're definitely not throwing out good ideas all the time. No Emini here. That's just not how it works.


Listen to More Better with Stephanie and Melissa on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us?


Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last


listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jay Shetty. My latest episode is with financial expert Scott Galloway. If you are doing a lot of side hustles, it's very, very difficult to be great at your main hustle. The only way you're gonna build real wealth and economic security is to go all in on one thing. That is greatness focus. None of this matters. None of it means a thing if you can't have deep and meaningful relationships. Scott Is a professor of marketing at NYU Stern School of Business. He's a bestselling author. He has earned a massive following through his lectures, podcasts, and YouTube channel. Scott Galloway, How do we rewire our relationship with money? Because most of us have a stressful relationship with money.


If You wanna be good at money, put down the facade and start talking to people about their investments, how much money they make, what they do with their money, how they save money. What I tell young people is you can have it all. You just can't have it all at once.


Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So that's what we, you know, we did that. And so this needs something similar and we're working on that. That takes a bit of time. You have to design it, you have to scope it, you have to test it, you have to prove the results. Then you have to raise the money, then you have to go. So that takes time. What you can do now is improve service. We, we launched something we're calling Red Carpet Hospitality and we launched that a couple weeks ago. And if you go and ask a server in Red Lobster about it, they'll tell you about it. Red stands for recognize, engage, and delight. When people walk in, you need to recognize them as soon as they walk in. There should be somebody smiling at the toes stand to greet them. You see somebody, you within 10 feet of them, you recognize 'em within, within four feet. You speak to them. We call it a ten four rule. You make sure that you know when people need to go to the bathroom, you walk them there, you don't point to the bathroom.


You, you, you escort them. You make sure that you're connecting with them, you're talking with them, you're asking questions. So we're, we're training these behavioral patterns. That's something you can do today. Right? And then trying to highlight the quality of the food and introduce some new things like the lobster rolls that are fun, that are interesting. So food and service. And then the third point for sure is ambiance. We fix the things we can fix quickly. Like the music is better. If you go to a Red Lobster now, you'll notice the music is better. And you'll notice there's small things like we put the market prices on the lobster, we put the liners on the tables. There's, there's small things you can do now, but comprehensively there needs to be a remodel. Right? And that's, that's something that we'll do in the future. All right? We have more with the CEO of Red Lobster. The Moer, Adam Loken, when we come back is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with the CEO of Red Lobster. The Moer, Adam Loken, Jess. There was a list that women had put together, right? Of places that they don't wanna be taking on the first date. Mm. Red Lobster was number 11. 11th. Jesus. Yes, it was number 11. So what did, do you, would you say that Red Lobster is a valid place for a first date? Emini Here lobster on a first date. Can you beat that? Mm Emini Here. Lobster on a first date, you wanna share some main lobster, twin lobster tails. Rock, lobster. Main one. Lobster. Okay. Emini here. You All right? All Right. You tell me. But also on that list, it was PF Chang's and Cheesecake Factory. I think everything Was on that list.


I think it's, it's there. These are chain restaurants and there's something about like chain versus independent. Now if you make the chain experience feel like an independent, like each restaurant's its own and they have like a culture and personality, then it's, it doesn't feel like a chain restaurant. Yeah. And there's restaurants that do that really well and we're, you know, we're working to become that. But look, if you go on a date and have some cherry bay biscuits, some lobster tails, some bear, bear eye crabs, like people are gonna have a great time. Did y'all stop the endless shrimp promotion? Yeah. That's done. So no more endless shrimp. Jesus, I dare you. You got messed up. Now, by the way, that was a dumb, it wasn't a dumb promotion, but don't promise people with endless shrimp 'cause y'all never give endless shrimp. It Was a challenge. I know people who've tried.


I don't know if you meant Matt put a cap on it. He's tried. I've been in restaurants where they put a cap on the endless shrimp Emini. Here, let's look at the way it was done. Didn't work. I'm not saying it'll never be done, but it'll be done in a way that's, that's more sensible. What's sensible? Because you guys, I'm gonna tell you what people will do. Go in there with four people. One person order endless shrimp and they just keep bringing mad shrimp for the table. That's, that's insensible. I agree. Emini. Here it is. Look, Emini here, these promotions, people do promotions like this. Olive Garden does a, this endless positive promotion. Like people do these things, lies, All of this endless stuff is a lie. They will put a cap on your fat ass, but, but pasta different because it fills you up so fast. Sure. You could just Keep And it's cheap. Yeah. Yeah. And it's cheap. So they can do that.


You just need to, the math need to make needs to make sense. I'm looking at the Lobster Fest menu right now. I ain't gonna lie. I might go to Red Lobster this weekend. I'm not even Jo. I might send you photos. I'm like, I never took my kids to Red Lobster. Never. And I'm like, yo man, like me in the white. Let's take the kids to Red Lobster just to see what they, what they feel Set. Set it up for you. No, I'm not gonna tell you where I'm going, but I'm gonna tell you. I know exactly which one I'm going to too. I know which one you're going too. But that one look a little beat up though. It look a lot Beat up. It a lot Beat. But I'm gonna tell you something. That's why I was just asking that question. They don't, they don't look, I pass it every morning and in my mind, you know, you just thinking nostalgia. I'm like, damn, yo. Back in the day when I was young, that'd have been perfect. The hotel right there, the Red Lobster right there, you can go right. The Red Lobster, the Hotel.


It's still perfect, my man. It's still perfect. That's a motel. It's a motel motel. But think about when you was 17, 18, that'd have been perfect. Right? But think about when Beyonce said it in a song. Wasn't that do? Ooh, yes. Yeah. When he good And I take his ass, you Red Lobster. What, what did that do for the Saint and why didn't y'all capitalize on that? Yeah, I wasn't here. Oh, I say that was before me. I didn't, that was before my time. It's not too late though. Right, right. Because it's not too late for that. Even when Riley mentioned it on the Boondocks, you Know, the Kelsey Brothers did something with us. So yeah, Emini here, part of, part of the game is to, is to take advantage of cultural moments. Like when something happens in the culture, like you wanna be on it. So that, that's something that we weren't very good at in the past and we need to get better at for sure. Did you even talk to 'em about that?


Like, did anybody reach out to Beyonce to say, Hey, I don't know, I can't speak to that. Yeah, you know, I was here, but for example, flavor. Flavor, we did Flavor, flavor reached out and say they wanted to save the, you know, they wanted to save Red Lobster. They did. You know, we did a promotion with them. So there's, it's, it's important for sure. And yeah, Emini here, look now Kelsey Brothers reach out. We respond the same day. Right. Like so we're, we're engaging and it's important. How has the weaponization of DEI impacted you, if at all? Do people say, oh, he's a DEI hire No, I've just been so successful throughout my life. I don't get that right. I aim to excel at everything I do. And there's very little evidence of me not excelling at anything that I've tried to do from football to Brown, to Goldman, to bg, to Harvard, to Paulson.


There's, there's no real Ls on the on, on, on. Not say I won't fail at anything And I have failed at plenty, but let's Go talk to them coaches. Well He not as good as he thought. He got a revisionist history on my 40 yard dash. There's a record out there somewhere. That's right. That's right. That's funny. Somebody at Brown, like, I used to bust his ass. What he talking about? Yeah, that's, that's A fair point. But you know, and I'm not saying that to Brett, but I'm just saying you, you can build a, a habit of excellence and that that's how, that's how you'll be viewed. Right. And so at any, And I think anybody can achieve, you just have to build these habits. Yeah. Right. So it's really more motivation to people who are listening. What's your Involvement with HBCU? What's Red Lobster doing with HBCU?


Yeah, look, Emini here before that, Darden, the founder of Red Lobster, bill Darden, who Darden Company's named after, that's Olive Garden, Texas, Longhorn, et cetera. So he is an important restaurant tour in American history. The first restaurant that he opened was Red Lobster. And that from the very beginning had a really good relationship with the Black American community. This is in 68, so at the very end of the civil rights movement. But from the very beginning, black people were welcome to eat there, welcome to work there. And that was Stan that he took from the very beginning. So it's always had a good relationship with Black America. From the start, you, you mentioned Beyonce mentioned Flavor, flavor. It's always had a, a position in culture. I'm just acknowledging it and speaking to it and, and doing more for that to try to build that.


So HBCUs, we did Band of the Year, right? Where we went to watch the bands, perform band Move won Miles won for the junior division. And we gave the awards out, we sponsored it Red Lobster and you know, millions of dollars went to scholarships and and things like that. So we're gonna do more. You know, that's a start. But it's a, it's an important community. It's one that has been connected to the brand for a long time and it's a good place to, to spend time and spend money on our behalf. Alright, Well we appreciate you for joining us and bringing us some biscuits. Yeah, Enjoy. Thank You so much. And whatever we can do to help, man, Emini here. I wanna see you succeed. Good. I appreciate that. If people like you succeed, then that just means more success for the rest Of us. I appreciate that. Yeah.


Visit your local at Red Lobster and you guys send feedback and we, we'll keep, we keep we'll keep improving. I'm going This weekend. Love it.


Well, there you have it. It's the moola Adam Logan. Yes. You nailed it. All right, there we go. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's dj. JMV, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for just it's Friday. So it's time for pass the A dj. Yeah, dj. Come spin. Come spin. What's up Nyla? How you feeling Big Nyla? What's up guys? Happy Friday. You better have heat today too.


You was out last week too. I'm gone. One let's go, let's the pressure's on for you today. Keep that energy all the day. I'm not doing this Rich. How are you feeling? Last week you was sick. Are you right now? Oh my God, I'm feeling so much better. Last Was so ghetto, man. My Valentine's Day was a can I was a show. What She was sick for. Somebody stood you up or you just like really sick? No, I was really sick. Oh, Okay. Why would somebody stand me up? Because it was Valentine's Day. Because he, he think we just, I don't underst I don know who we'd be talking to. Look at the material period. I Am looking at the material. Her wigman crooked. All we material. That's the material Music. Shout out to Lauren though. 'cause she pulled up on me last night at Ladies Night at Saint. So I appreciate you coming. I I had a great time. I hope you did too. I love you.


Where We jumping into? We are gonna get into this. Do it like you record by a artist named Nevaeh. He From he sample for that Jocelyn record, right? Who that Jocelin record. Do it like my birthday. Do it like Bday. Do It like my Bday. You mean Stevie Wonder That Stevie Wonder. Stevie Wonder too. But that's not like Jocelyn. The fact that you said that you went with Jocelyn is crazy because he's really a bird. He He Contemplates intellectual but he's a bird. I Wasn't even thinking Jocelyn. That's what I'm saying. Okay. But that's dope. Damn. So that's what Jocelyn got it from. Stevie Wonder. Come on. Okay, stop playing. All right. All right. The next record is, that Was a good one. You got two more? Let's see what you do with this One. Okay, we going of course I gotta do this new cold joint. It's called Clouds Todd. That's dope. He's spitting.


Love it. You can be angry about that Charlamagne. What you so silent. Why you look like that? That's dope. I'm not even saying nothing. I'm just sitting here minding my business. Never mind your business. You know, usually do you know feedback after we play the records? Yeah. Yeah. But see I know that's your favorite artist and I'm mad at you right now so I'm gonna be quiet just to piss you off. I think you get no feedback on Folk Cole. You don't matter how it's Probably, it's actually better off that you're mad at me. Nah, Thank God. Nah, Cole, Cole, Cole, come on. We know Cole can rap. Okay. Like I, I can't even think of too many times I've heard a record from Cole or and being like that's whack like that. No, no. He's pissed. I love that. So y'all come to Dreamville Fest, right? I just have to make sure. No, I told you I'm, I'm gonna come this year for the last last one I told You I'm gonna go with you.


Okay Cool. Is Cole gonna be there? I thought he said last year was his last one. Yes. He gonna be and said this is the last one. Okay. Alright. Because I'm short on time, I'm gonna keep it pushing. I got this new Coco Jones taste record that I really like. Hey Coco, that's dope. She flipped the Britney stairs but made it like slower and sensual. And then my very last one, this came out on Valentine's Day. But I was sick But I'm a big fan of Drake. No. Oh you're not gonna play No Drake Emini here. Emini here obviously. Yes, Drake dropped too but he gets enough tension. This you And it ain't that good, right? She was gonna play my son. What you thinking about made it from a woman's perspective? I always say I'm tired of Drake complaining about Women on Records. It's like a RB project but it's not love song. You ain't like One song on there Tiffany. With the Chanel and the, I don't wanna hear it like I wanna hear love, I wanna hear something on Real r and b.


So, but speaking of real RB, let's get into it. Marba just dropped a album. Reba's one of my favorites. She's a part of this Village Village and my favorite song on her project is called Hawk. You said it's an r and b. See what is r and b anymore. But you were upset at Drake for not sounding like r and b but that wouldn't, that's don't Sound like RB me. That sound like Bootleg doGet but I Love it though. Bootleg Doge cat. Bootle Doja Cat Dude. I think that that's the only record on there where she had like a a a verse. She's not a rapper at all. Oh yeah, she sound like she's doing like a dope Miss Elliot. No sounds she's doing a doja cat impersonation. No, no, no. She's like a singer but she's like, she's more classical. Well you should have introduced her singing first But she does r and b and it r and b doesn't have, she doesn't sound like Doja Cat Now I could see where you going with that.


A little bit Of Poppy rap. Giving Great value. Sounds like it wasn't good. She sounded great value. Y'all are being disrespectful. No, I'm not trying to disrespect, I'm just saying that's how it sounded like. Whenever you sound like a second grade version of anybody, you know I'm, that's what I'm gonna say. But Mari But really doesn't sound like anybody like she's Right there. She sounded like though. Well You gotta listen to the tape. She's very Well you're the person playing the music. That's what you presented. Oh my. I'm just saying now he got one more time and I'm coming across this table for you. Really. I'm just, I'm gonna snatch your window. I'm It's right there. Go ahead. Yeah, take it Off if I take it off And he used, once you see the Meek meal braid, it's really up for you. Don't play. Hold Up, wait A minute. But you know what? You over there plotting man, not Plotting. I hope you plotting to come to my Battle of the Beats tonight if you guys are in Brooklyn or what?


I'm going back outside again tonight. Yes, you're going back outside again tonight. She dying from rough. Now I'm going back outside again tonight. Charlotte just, just can you cut him? Battle the beat. Wanna battle the beats? Battle the beats in Brooklyn. We got Battle the Beats tonight in Brooklyn. If you guys are available, pull up. I got DJ di DJ Diamond Cuts pulling up to do a guest Diamond cut shot to Diamond Cuts. Shout out to Diamond Cuts Dizzy Benko. He produced Don't play with it. I got Alu Hooper done produced a bunch of things for Ice Spice and then I also got Daffy Ora who produces things for Leia Ja Car. So it's Like a producer competition or Something. Yeah. So they, they play their beats. Best producer wins. We got some prizes. Oh yeah that's fire.


Alright So if you are an artist you definitely should go out there. You might find your next big record. Absolutely. I don't know what y'all over there doing. There's so much whispering going on. What's happening over there? It's a Drake record about to play. You see Valenti? I Guarantee you. Are y'all serious? Yeah. Watch you see and you, you gonna learn Shut up sometime and listen to Uncp. They over there plotting on you about to play Drake 'cause of what you said and you telling me that they stick of me. What did watch this, watch, watch, watch It Better be No Noia. Y'all don't, don't play no other record. Y'all gonna play anyone. How Can they follow you? Make sure y'all follow me in Agram at Nyla Simonon. That's N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. And just for the record, I'm not a Drake hater but I do realize that if you give criticism or say you don't like something, it's like you're a hitter and it's like girl they Us.


That is true. But I am a certified, we Know I am certified Hater Boy And before we get to the People's Choice mix, let's get into a record that she had on her playlist and was about to play this morning and then decided not To No they told me that we was this This is No Kill. That wig is holding off People's Choice Mix. Next The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club L OSA filling in for Jess. It's Black History Month. What We doing? You know every day during Black History Month, my God be Do puts out an episode of I Didn't Know, maybe you didn't either.


On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network and today he's gonna talk about the comparison of Winston-Salem State University and FAM U highlighting that history, impact and academic excellence. Let's discuss, Okay, buckle your seat belts and let's take a road trip through Black Excellence. First stop. Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Winston-Salem State University founded in 1892 by Simon g Atkins. You know how bold you gotta be to Founder University in 1892? That man said segregation Jim Crow. Ain't nobody got time for that.


So we started Slater Industrial Academy, which is now Winston-Salem State University. Back then you were learning brick land and cooking. Today you might be in a nursing lab putting IVs in mannequins or recording your podcast in one of the only Adobe labs on an HBCU campus. Simon Gak is probably looking down at WSSU, like that single mom be looking at them kids opening them Christmas presents on Christmas morning and no, let me talk about the legends who walked through those doors of Winston-Salem State University. You ever heard of Louis Farrakhan? A-W-S-S-U grad? You ever been watching wilding out and seen Chico Bean? Yeah, bean a ram too. The name of our band is the Red Sea of Sound.


Our cheerleaders, oh you may have seen them on the ground. Stomp and shake excellence. We talking about powerhouse of red and white. And around 2007 Shavon Estrada pretty much revolutionized the version of Stomp and Shake that we see today. But that's a whole nother episode. One of the most notable chance at Winston-Salem State University is true spit. If you ain't a ram then you ain't. We try to keep it PG for the children and the elderly that wanna sing along. That's good old S You Now let's head down I 95, the Tallahassee, Florida and visit Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University.


Better known as FAMU, they got a chant too. It's usually led by loose kid. He'll say I represent and all the rattlers say Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University. October 3rd, 1887. What exactly FAMU was founded October 3rd, 1887. Now Tallahassee, Florida has seven huge heels and the part of Florida they gave fam was the highest heel but it was filled with rattlesnakes. So the state of Florida was like, y'all can have 15 acres and two mules. Good luck. So what did FAM U do turned it into one of the top HBCUs in the country.


They embraced those rattlesnakes and became the fam U Rattlers. And if you meet any Rattler, they'll let you know that they're from the highest of Seven Hills. That's right. FAMU sits at the highest points in Tallahassee, Florida, even Florida State. Gotta look up at the Rattlers and they hate that. Fam U is so iconic it makes you want to enroll just for homecoming, no cap. I experienced it last year and don't let the marching 100 touch the field. Have you ever seen them before? The band might do as much work as the football team on Saturdays and FMU has some of the dopest alumni in the game. Keisha Lance Bottoms, the former mayor of Atlanta FMU grad.


What about the movie director Will Packer, he a Rattler and he even got a performing arts amphitheater right on campus. So whether it's Winston-Salem State University with the motto, enter to learn, depart to serve in the heart of North Carolina or Fam U with the motto, excellence. It's Caring Down there in the Sunshine State, these schools are more than just campuses. They're launching pads for greatness and they're two of my favorites. Okay, bye. Alright, Well happy Black History Month guys. That's Right. And salute to my God be dot.


Make sure you subscribe to I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network available everywhere you listen to podcast.


All right, when we come back, we got the positive note. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got a salute. Jasmine Crockett Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett for stopping through. Man, always a pleasure. When Jasmine pulls up, man, the reason IIII like Jasmine so much is 'cause she's just able to communicate in message and that is a problem that the Democrats have. They should be leaning on Jasmine Crockett for her messaging. They should be leaning on a OC for her messaging. Whatever they trying to tell people they need to tell them first so they can translate and then bring it to the masses. And also salute to the CEO of Red Lobster. Ola Adam Loken.


I know I said his name wrong, but he's the CEO of Red Lobster Bro. Man, you know, and, and once again, like I told him during the interview, he's one of those people that folks always ask us like, what's your favorite interview? Or you know, who do you want to interview? And I never know who we want to interview. Like it's never a thing. Like I'm never sitting around thinking like the only person I ever wanted to interview was Judy Bloom. Okay. Like wanted to like that's my whole life. But when I saw his name on the schedule, I'm like, that's somebody I wanted to talk to. Absolutely. I'm glad we got to have that conversation. Yes. Alright, well you got a positive note. I do. My positive note is simple. I want everybody out there to remember this. Successful people have a sense of gratitude. Unsuccessful people have a sense of entitlement. Have a nice day.


You are Breakfast Club bitches. You don't finish or Y'all done. What Would you do if Mysterious Drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what Do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Hi, I'm Arto Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough.


Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing Herein.


Have you brought us Cancellation Island where a second chance might just be your last


listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm em host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really, last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story.


Listen to Chrome's on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.