
Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities, and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock.


At public.com, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously, when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details. Ba ba ba


Every tried to tackle a home improvement project without making 10 trips to Home Depot. What if I told you there's a way to earn cash back while you shop? Introducing Drop the Ultimate Rewards app with Drop. You can earn free gift cards by shopping in store or online at Home Depot in tons of other stores. Download the Drop app today and use Code Drop three three to get an instant $5 in points. That's drop your Go-to for shopping rewards.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details


Important. Mainstream Got one of the biggest things in America. Culture. America. They not like us. Think everybody should go on The, Breakfast, Club. You wanna shake it out? Ain't not like Flowers Up Breakfast Club. DJ Envy the Family guy. Just hilarious. I'm The wild card. Keep the Real and Charlamagne the guy. I'm a lovable athlete. Or yo, I'm loving that energy up there right now. Sometimes you Gotta pop out. Msho. Now. Let's begin. Good morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo. Yo. Just hilarious. Hey, what's Up? Charlemagne the guy. Peace To the Planet.


It's Monday. Good morning. What's happening? Yes. Monday back to the work week. Good morning. What's up, Jess? Good morning. How y'all doing? How you feeling? I'm okay. Pregnant. Pregnant. Okay. With two more weeks, right? Yeah. Two more weeks. Two more weeks. But that means any moment. That's Right. Yeah. And I'm, I'm not going to Raleigh nor Good. All right. There you go. Now you listening. Now you paying attention. Good. You Would've had that baby right on stage. I know. Over the weekend. I really thought I was about to, Was crazy. You had contractions and all that. Yeah. But like, like the worst ones ever.


Like they're getting more painful. Oh, yeah. So you're not gonna make the two Weeks and they're getting longer. Yeah. So I'm like, Oh God, remember, remember when you was talking about doing a home birth and doing it natural and all that? I'm glad you feeling good. What you did this weekend, Charlamagne, What did I do this weekend? What the hell did I do this weekend? Damn. How come? I don't remember. You popped Up and showed out you travel. No, no, no. I did. I went out. Yeah, I went out Friday night. Friday night. I went out for a quick second. You know my, my, my niece Nila Simone, she does the best new live artist showcase in the country called Certified Vibe. So she had Rhapsody perform, and Rhapsody has a label now.


So she's got some artists that I think Sebastian ml, Nico, Nico Brim, And I, I don't know if the young lady, Brittany is her artist. Mm. But she performed too. And it was just a dope event. You know, just a cool little event on Friday. And then I didn't do nothing else but sit on the couch all weekend and watch all these historic events unfold. Yeah. There was a lot going On. You know. Finally, finally, finally, somebody forced President Biden to do the right thing. Yeah. To do what we've been saying. He should have done You know 8, 9, 10 months ago. Yeah. You Know. Yep. Yep. And, and it makes you think, like when we were having all these discussions about what, about a year ago, and they saying that it looks like discussions never stopped at early signs of dementia. And this, that the other people said, why would you say that? It doesn't look like that.


But it did. Well, for me, it wasn't never about You know the, the, the, the cognitive decline as much as it was about can he win in November? Because when you start having these conversations about somebody being a threat to democracy, and, and the biggest hurdle to You know, protecting democracy is the candidate that you're currently running. Right. And when you start asking questions simply, can this person win? And it looks like they can't win, that's when you gotta make a decision. But there was a bunch of reasons why he couldn't win. Is is one of them, because it, it seems like he couldn't get his sentences together. It seemed like he, he showed, it seemed like to me, he showed early signs of dementia. It seems like there was just so many things that were off. He just didn't seem confident to me to win, like you said. But we got a all lot to talk about.


Angela Ry will be joining us this morning. Yeah. She'll be breaking some of this down. Yeah. And y'all can, y'all can actually call in when Angela's here. So she'll, she'll be, she'll be on with us the way you can call in and ask us, ask us anything that's on your mind, that's any questions you may have about the current moment. That's Right. And also, Sabrina Greenley will be joining us. Oh my God. That is Deandre Hopkins from the NFL, his mom. Lemme tell you something, I wanna tell you right now, that if you've read her book, grant Me Vision, or if You know about Sabrina Green Lee's story, her story is very, very triggering. Okay. 'cause she was a victim of a, a domestic violence situation that left her blind. Right? Yes. So we'll be, we'll be talking to Sabrina later on this Morning. That's right. All right, well, let's get the show cracking Morgan Wood, when we come back, we got front page news a lot to break down this morning.


Stay with us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning, guys. Happy Monday. Hope y'all had a great weekend because Woo, a lot happened. Here's what's happening. Front page. Yeah. So President Biden is dropping out of the 2024 presidential race, Dropping a cruise bomb for that round of applause. Good. Here we go. I finally Report first, Finally. Wow. Yeah. After intense pressure from his own party, in a letter posted on x Biden said it was time for him to step down and focus on finishing this term as president. He also announced she's endorsing Vice President Kamala Harris, but that does not mean that she, it will be the official democratic nominee.


Now, democratic leaders for weeks have expressed concerns about the 81 year olds mental fitness and his path to victory over former President Donald Trump. Now, this also keep in mind that Biden is he as, as of last week, he was diagnosed with COV on Wednesday and has been in self-isolation at his beach house in Delaware. He's doing well, but still in isolation. Meanwhile, Democrats are putting on a united front following President Biden's decision not to run house minority leader Hakeem. Jeff said his fellow Democrats are ramping up for the week of August 19th. That's when the Democratic National Convention goes down in Chicago. Let's hear more from Jeffries. We will do what's necessary over the next few weeks to prepare for the convention.


It'll be an exciting convention in Chicago. And you're gonna see an intensity and an energy and a capacity unleashed by the American people to make sure that this goes the right way. In November, The DNC gotta be popping. Like they gotta make sure that they got their whole new next wave out there at the DNC represented. They need Gretchen Whitmer on that stage. They need Wes Moore on that stage. They need Gavin Newsom on that stage. Shapiro stage. They need Josh Shapiro on that stage. They need to have Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett talking. If they want to go reach out to The World of pop culture, they better bring Olivia Pope on that stage. And, and Carrie Washington has done it before, but they gotta introduce her as Olivia Pope. All right. They gotta bring John Stewart on that stage.


Like they gotta have that energy. You know going for the DNC, you don't Wanna go charlamagne. You talk about everybody being on the stage. No. So Jefferies and other Democrats, of course, are split on whether to endorse VP Harris just yet. But they, everyone's in agreement about You know the ability for the party now to win. Since Biden has stepped down. Now Florida Congressman Maxwell Frost, he's also pushing back against claims that Republicans say that replacing President Biden on the ticket with Vice President Harris was a move by democratic donors and elites. There's that word again. But he believes many factors led to Biden's decision. Let's hear more from Congressman Frost. Yeah. She said, I'm not happy to have the nomination. She said, I'm happy to have the endorsement of the president.


And I will fight to earn this nomination. This is what sets our party apart from the Republican party. This conversation was happening, and it wasn't just donors and elites, it was people on the ground, people across the country, activists, organizers, and people having this discussion. But I think he really took us a moment to think about the totality of what was happening to our party for our country, and how the risk of Donald Trump is very real and very apparent in Project 2025. And I think that's why he decided it would be best to not run for reelection. I think we need to have someone who will help us win, obviously a strategic choice. And as a progressive Democrat would also like to see someone who believes in a lot of the same policies that Joe Biden, Kamala Harris pushed for in their presidency.


That's All it's about, is about who can, who can win. And I agree with him, though. It was definitely the donors, when the donors started saying, no more money If, you don't step down. That's when they decided to make a decision. Because 70 plus percent of the American people told told them they did not want a Biden Trump rematch. Yeah, they did. So, so the people then said they never wanted this. And it's been nothing but chaos and confusion ever since. So I'm glad Biden stepped down. I wonder what the change was, right? 'cause he was fighting Friday. He was like, no, I'm not stepping down. And seems like when not stepping down, when the donut said, no more money If, you don't step down. So it's all, it's all a money game at the end of the day. But I do believe what Nikki Haley said along a while ago, Nikki Haley said, the first party to retire it's 80-year-old candidate is gonna be the one who wins this election.


And I. So this is the And I and And I believe that This is the first time a sitting president hasn't sought reelection in more than half a century. The last one was Lyndon b Johnson. He dropped out in 1968. And that's following the assassination of John F. Kennedy in 1963. Now, in a post on social media, vice President Harris did say she's honored to have the president's endorsement, and it's her intention to earn and earn the nomination and win the nomination. So yeah, she will do, she said she will do everything in her power to unite the Democratic party, to defeat Donald Trump. And she closes by saying, we have 107 days. I think that's now six days until election day. We will fight and we will win. And Donald Trump is Donald Trump.


He's not. Yeah, I was gonna say, he could come out the corner You know, fighting with him because You know that's a, that's, that's a good matchup. He's a convicted felon. You Know she's a prosecutor. Prosecutor You know it looks good. But she gonna give, she gonna give him the Smokey wants. And now Donald Trump is the old man. Donald Trump is the oldest person ever run for president. That's right. You know. I don't know if he can get through another term. You know now. He's gonna be the one that, now he's gonna be the one that's up there. Stuttering and can't com can't complete sentences and is just gonna be up there rambling. Like he was You know at the DNC con, I mean at the RNC convention. And after that, yeah, You know. He said he could have died. So we don't know. He's still talking about that. We'll talk about that in the next Yeah, he gotta talk about that Rally. That's old news. That was last week. Yeah, that was last Week. That was last week.


That I'm saying I You know. I don't know. I don't know if that news, these news cycles move fast. That's it. Ain't nobody talk about that here no more. No, that was last week. Right? That's a wrap. But That is, That's all The truth. The matter. It's over. Yeah. That, that was old news. Nobody Talking about that No more. Stump a toe. Now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Let us know how your weekend was, what you did. All that good stuff. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest, whether you're mad or blessed. So you better have the same energy We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast. Club.


Hello. Who's this? Hey, It's B Mont from the Metro 8 0 3. What's happening B Mont. What up? Hey, what's good, Charlamagne? Now I called in Friday. I was like, I asked you a question. I was like, should it be Kamala Harris as the president can Presidential candidate, and then Gretchen Whitmer vp. I think that's the easiest thing to do for real. Like, you get a whole woman verse Trump movement going. And then, like you said, Kamala's the, the ex Attorney general. Then Gretchen Whitmer is very relatable. She almost had an attempt try to get carried out on her life. They just got Trump put in a a corner. Trump ain't got nowhere to go switch the, the race with his face. I've been hearing people say that.


I don't think America's ready for an all woman ticket. I think you got a pair vice president with a white man. You know, I Think. No, but see, but see, you was saying that you was like, oh, we need the whitest man. But it's like If, you go and get the whitest man. It's almost like you trying to get MAGA supporters. You gotta get all the women's supporters you can and all the people on the fringe. I don't think the Republicans got nowhere to go. Oh, Listen, I'm, you don't To make Nikki Haley his vp. What? And somebody else said that to me yesterday. Listen, I, I, I listen. You know I like big, I like big GA lot You. know what I mean? I just don't, I don't see it for an all woman ticket. I think Vice President Kamala Harris and, and Governor Josh Shapiro or Harris. And this guy Mark Kelly, he was a former astronaut. I think he's a senator in Arizona.


I've been hearing about Andy Beshear in Kentucky. I like Shapiro Governor Roy. What's Roy's last name in North Carolina? I like, I like Tim Ryan. I got Tim Ryan from Ohio. I think he'd be a good person to throw in there. But it Has to be, well it nine times outta 10. It's gonna be somebody from no battleground states. But I like, I like Shapiro Shapiro. Pennsylvania's a battleground state. Yeah, I like Shapiro. So it's Whitman Whit Michigan's a battleground State You know Gretchen. Yeah. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is V from Detroit. V from Detroit. What up though? Oh Wait, this is really on DJ Vy. Yes, ma'am. Oh my God. This I would get through. Hi DJ Envy, Charlemagne. Peace. What's happening? Oh my god.


Yo my heart is beating. But real quick, I just wanna say that when you used to say that Democrats were cowards, I should just disagree with you. Like, I just felt like you were really hurting the cause. But seeing how the whole thing played out a whole year later, shaman, I'll never doubt you again. I don't know why y'all doubt me now. You know. It's okay. I I, I It's okay. You Can doubt him. Sometimes I like being Rafiki from the Lion King You. know what I mean? You know affi from Thelan. They, they always think you a crazy little monkey. Please Don't consider yourself up to a monkey. Oh, okay. But Reiki wasn't, please, that'll air. He's just a wise little. Well, thank you v, Little wise little primate. Thank you so much. Alright. Right now.


Bye Bye-Bye now. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. Phone lines are wide open. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, what you doing man? Call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? This is Jackie. Good morning Jackie. Get her off your chest. Okay. I just wanna say good morning to you guys at The. Breakfast. Club. I love y'all. Jackie. Jackie.


Jackie. Jackie. Jackie. Jackie. Jackie. Okay. Shaima, don't start. Start. Okay. I'm a dialysis patient and I'm visually impaired. I'm 56 years old. And, I cannot have a kidney transplant because for two reasons. One, I don't have a support system. And two, they don't have a facility for me to go and stay after the transplant service. They have hospitals, they have nursing homes and stuff like that for people who need to get healthy and need to live. I'm not ready to die yet.


Yes ma'am. What, how can We help? So then need to find, How can we help, tell us what we can do right now. Send it out to people to find facilities and people to help people Who can live. Where you from? I'm Michigan. Detroit. Detroit. Okay. Okay. So what's the call to action? Do you have like an email you want to give out to people? What? No, I, I can't see the emails. I can't see. Lord have mercy. I'm stupid. Visually. Yeah. Used to. I Thought you could read it out or something. I was thinking the same thing. So how can people get in contact with you, mama? Just call my phone number. Nah, I don't want you, I don't want give you your don number out that. Damn, because we give you a number.


You have all type of crazies calling your phone. Do You have a family member? We could give your family member's email My son, but I don't know his email. Damn. We, we, we gonna put you on hold and take your information support System. Yeah. Yeah. We gonna take your information mama. If we Can get you a support system. But You know what though? Charlemagne and Yes ma'am. I called down to Henry Ford Hospital. I went for a consultation. And I told them, I said, if y'all don't have anybody to help me because people who they want you to stop working for three whole months to take care of person who's going through this. Because I'm visually impaired so it's harder for me.


But they told me they didn't have a facility like that. So it's like, I've been on dialysis for 12 years. I wanna be able to live to see some grandbabies live my life, use stuff. Absolutely. But I can't because I don't have nobody to help. Okay. Well well hold on. We gonna put you on hold. We can't give you a phone number, but we'll try to set it up so we can get your son's email and maybe get some people, hit your son and, and, and get you the facility or the help that you need. Mama. Yeah. And anybody that's listening to us hold right now. Hold You know. Hit us up on our email or hit us up on the phone line and we'll try to connect you with with with jacket. Jacket, jacket, jacket. What's our email, Eddie? What's our email? I'll be forgetting if it's Breakfast Club am@gmail.com.


Breakfast club am@gmail.com. I Ain't checked that thing since Angel e left. Yeah, I don't think anybody checked that. Somebody will check It. Yeah. But yeah, so if You know a facility in Detroit or Michigan that can help this, this woman out. She's taking dialysis and she needs a place for her kidney transplant to go after the transplant. Some type of help. She said that her son can't help her 'cause her son can't take three months off. So she needs some help. So If, you can guide her. That'd be great. Breakfast Club am@gmail.com. I'm surprised there's not like a hospice or something for, for stuff like that. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. It is. There are facilities. That's crazy. That's the simplest thing that she can't find a outpatient facility. And, I thought I think it should be harder to find a damn kidney than somebody that could take care of you after you have the surgery.


That's weird. Yeah. Well, If, you have any information, please hit us. And we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Jess? Why did, why was 50 cent linked up with Drake in Canada? We gonna talk more about it. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real Hilarious. Jess, Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach shooter.


She was able to get y'all To see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off. Okay, so Fite and Drake linked up in Toronto and it was interesting 'cause they shared a picture together. It was also a video going around of them looking like they have, well they are having a conversation and Fite is laughing, but when he posted the video, I mean the, the picture of them together, it captioned Brainstorming last night. Me and Drake, we gonna get the ball rolling on the biggest ting on your TV Green Light Gang. And then tag tag. His businesses fans had mixed reactions about the link.


You know, 'cause some people was here for it and some people were saying like, oh, them two, they, what they have in common is they don't like lacrosse. So yeah, that of course people were speculating that of course that's why they were together. But some of the fans was like, I never seen Drake with 50 cent in my life before this. And then somebody said, not 50, he ain't it. Nah. 50. He ain't it. That's Kendrick's Ja Rule. Well, I did see And, I also saw Drake wearing a, a free AO shirt last week. But You know my whole thing is Drake. You should have been Brainstorming with 50 before you decided to get into it with Kendrick. Yeah, you could have walked you through it a little bit better. Nah, they They had conversations before and he's always showed his support and love for 50 cent. He's always had 50 cent shirts on.


So this is, this is not their first conversation. Okay. Thank you so much for the inside tip. You're welcome. But the, the caption definitely hints a TV project and You know Drake started off acting so maybe 50 Ben had him on a You know. And Drake And Drake


Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC and Peacock@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone for details.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime everyone is ready for summer activities, which is why using PayPal is a great way to say yes to summertime fun. Say yes to those concert tickets to go see that band you were into back in high school. Say yes to that bikini that you are too scared to try it at the store because the lighting might be bad and you might get discouraged. But that You know you'll look amazing in when you try it on for the first time at the resort when you get there. You can also send money to friends via PayPal, which means going Hal these with your best friend when she visits this summer with even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money. Redeem points for cash and other options terms apply.


You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number, the power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. With plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% Terms apply.


Show. Yeah, Drake. Drake is EP two. Very great show euphoria. He the top boy in euphoria. Yeah. Yeah. Euphoria was good. I didn't know he did Top Boy. That's amazing. But yeah, euphoria was a great show. But yeah, so they supposedly You know 50 cent is still a troll to me though, so I You never know what they got cooking up. Brittany Grinder celebrates the birth of her baby boy. So congratulations to her and her wife. They actually just had their baby and she sat down and did an interview with CBS sports and she made it clear that she's not a mother. Just what? I think there's probably one other job that you're about to get into that is really hard and really scary. You're about to be a mom. How is that feeling?


Pops, pops, pops. Oh, let me get it together. Pops. Please tell me how exciting that is for you and what you're looking forward to most. I'm super excited. Well, I mean, I guess I'll just drop it. He's here so he's here? Yes. 7, 8, 24. Yeah. Seven pounds, eight ounces. Yeah. That's my man. I love that. He is amazing. They say You know as soon as you see him, it just like everything that you thought mattered just goes out the window. And that's literally what happens. Don't drop on the clues. Bombs for Pops man. Okay. Alright. My Thing is Big Pop bg. No, you're, I I just literally thought that she was a stud. I didn't know that she was a trans.


I don't know what she did. You gonna confused me this morning? Yeah, I'm not about to This Monday. She said call the pops. I'm gonna call the pops. I ain't had no breakfast yet. My brain ain't even working like that. See that's, That's nah, that's, she Said she wanted to be called Pops. I'm gonna call, call her Pops. See I'm with you. Okay. What's up big Pop pops? I don't give a damn no. Okay. No girl, I have a crush on you because you always Stu not pops. I did not know that. She Was like, damn, she really do got a crush. Jessica the last really do got a crush on Brittany Grinder 'cause she went out there and found a man that looked just like Pop. Wow. Wow, wow. No, shut up. But I, I'm not gonna her that. I'm gonna still call her Big mama. What's up? But Uzi Dodge's question about JT album.


So Drop Acle bomb for J T's album? Absolutely. Cindy City Cinderella dropped on July 19th and a lot of people have been liking the album and her and Uzi, y'all know they've been on and off since 2019. But mostly on, and he was, somebody was asking him something. They was doing an interview outside of his car and the person asked him, what's his favorite song on JT album Now this is what he said. And what's your favorite song on J T's album? What's my favorite song on JT album? I hope you say the whole thing. Stop playing bro. Stop playing bro. You asked me something. Hey yo. Yo ain't listening to it Man.


Humor are funny man. Yo sick. What's my favorite song with GT album? Like anytime you repeat something back like that, You know you don't know you ain't listening. He got so mad. Was he an interviewer or something or the person who asked him that? Y Yeah, the person interviewed him at at his car. They was asking him questions and then Oh, okay, okay. I just thought that was just a random person. Couldn't think of nothing else to say. Just say hi. Hi is okay. No, they was asking him questions and everything and he was like, last question, what is your favorite song with GT's album? And he looked and repeat the question and JT was sitting right there smiling, looking like a proud mother like you go ahead, boy. Mm. That was so funny. He Why he got mad though?


He coulda just answered the question. He coulda just answered it like he told the boy. Stop playing with him. Don't even ask him no dumb s like that. Like boy don't play with me boy, this listen. That's the thing. Yeah. You make it sound like I ain't even listen to it. Or maybe you saying it is the whole album. Don't ask me what's my favorite song. The whole album song. Well just say that. Don't be no clown. Yeah. He ain't have to get mad like that. Yeah, he got real mad and the guy was like, okay, bye. Gave him a pound and got out of there. Especially if JT was sitting there. That make all the sense in The World as that quick. Yes, She was sitting there. She always sitting there. But yeah, she was sitting there. She was smiling like that. Stupid. Okay, so what Well that's just for the mess for the seven o'clock. All right, thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news Morgan, what will be joining us?


And then after that, phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. Angela Rob B Here is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah. So over the weekend, former President Trump held a rally in Michigan. He says this election is the most important in the history of our country. And it was his first rally since the attempt on his life last weekend in Pennsylvania. Now Trump said his life was inches from being taken away. He added that he was thankful and further talked about the love he felt at the RNC last week.


Let's hear more from former President Trump. You shouldn't be here. I shouldn't be here. Maybe JD or somebody else would be here, but I shouldn't be here right now. But something very, something very special happened. Special thanks to Americans nationwide, including all of you here today for your extraordinary outpouring of love and support. In the wake of the horrific last Saturday event, there was like a big beautiful four day love fest. There was no, there was no fight. You know there was no fight, no screams, no shouting, no.


Get that guy off the platform. And in case there was, we had the Hulk store with us, right? The hell Hulk Hogan going do now. Yeah. So the former president said he is in contact with the two victims who were injured in the shooting. And of course he again talked about, or Cory Captor, who was the victim who lost his wife at that life, excuse me, at that rally. Now some could argue that those comments You know that he's not meant to be here and all of that You know, maybe it's not someone who is fit to be the president, but I'll move on. Me me. Meanwhile, secret service director, Kimberly Cheadle, will be on Capitol Hill today as lawmakers demand answers over that assassination attempt. She'll testify, testify before the House Oversight committee where she'll be questioned on how a sniper was allowed to get within shooting distance of the former president at the Pennsylvania rally.


Now many lawmakers are calling for her to step down or be fired. I mean in, I can see that somebody get a clear shot at the President. Like that should be somebody even gets to walk into a rally with a gun. You know. Yeah, they Have one job Protect the president. And the fact that, that he was so close and everybody's seen him, but the Secret Service agents is crazy To me. And You know, somebody told me, one of my, one of my good partners, man, my man Chris, Chris Morro, he was saying, I You know he thinks that Trump would use this to disband the Secret Service and bring in his own You know private security company, which would serve as like his version of like the SS Nazis and then that eventually would grow and expand to be like his own private army.


I mean that's a point. That's a that and, and that would be a justifiable point at that. I mean you guys are doing your job. That's right. Yeah. No, yeah. Well in other news that happened over the weekend, Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee died at the age of 74 in a statement by her family. They said she was a fierce champion of the people and her legislative victories impacted millions. They added, she helped establish the Juneteenth Federal holiday and the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. The Texas Democrat announced back in June that she was diagnosed from Pancreat with pancreatic cancer. But it's not clear that that is the reason why she passed. Now President Biden entered the chat to pay tribute, calling her a great American who's always fearless.


And he also noted that her legislative work again and added You, know the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act, a bill that made Juneteenth the federal holiday. And of course she served 30 years in Congress after being elected to the house in 1994. South Carolina representative James Clyburn also honored her saying they became good friends in their years working closely as democratic whips. Let's hear more from Clyburn. Sheila was as creative, as innovative as any person I've ever met. And she demonstrated that time and time again and was a very, very smart and and astute politician. RIP Congresswoman Sheila Jackson. You said for sure you said President Biden in the chat.


That's a damn light that man don't know how to text. Well I, okay. But yeah, there were other democratic leaders who also came out and honored her and her memory and we got time for one more. Yep. Sports. I wanna talk about some USA sports. Well y'all sure y all don't wanna send Caly Clark and Angel Reese because listen, team WNBA pulled up the upset over team USA in the WNBA all-star game. The female basketball players in The World took the floor on Phoenix on Saturday. Clark Reese and Enrique Okuma Wale. I know y'all going tear me up for that. Get that name. Well, they beat the US Olympic team. She went crazy. She went crazy in the second half.


She had zero points in the first half at 30 something, right? Yeah. She went crazy. One 17 to 1 0 9 just a week before the Paris Olympics were set to begin. So that was really cool. So yeah, she was, of course she was named the Allstar. MVP og OBA Wale. I'm gonna do some justice. Come on Sister. Help me out. Ogun Wale won Allstar game MVP for the second time. And of course team USA is headlined by a 42-year-old Phoenix Mercury legend. Diana Tara Rossi and last season's W-N-B-A-M-V-P, Brianna Stewart. So y'all send Reese and Clark over there. Stop playing. But that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, you can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. I'm, and for more news coverage, of course, follow the Black Information Network at Black Information Network and b news.com.


Woo. Alright, now when we come back, Angela Rye will be joining us. She'll be breaking down everything. Discussing Biden stepping down, Kamala Harris, the delegates, the war, the amount of money they have in the war. Just week. Whatever you want to ask us. She's on the phone lines for you guys. She could break it down to the T. So 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Angela Ride when we come back is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. And we got a special guest on the line right now we have Miss Angela Rod. Good morning Miss Ry. Good morning. Good morning. How are y'all? Eddie Rod daughter, how you feeling this morning?


I Feel good Lot to talk about this morning. Let's jump right in it. Over the weekend, Biden decided he was gonna tap out. Finally, finally, finally, finally, finally. But You know what made me laugh though. I saw you jump out the window. I ain't even see the original video. Right. I just saw your correction video and I'm like, but I already knew what it was about. 'cause you had already said this to me before, but you, you were, you said you thought that Biden stepped down and, and and, well I'll let you explain it. Biden stepped down, you had some words, you took the post down. What were you upset about initially? So, as you all know, yesterday Joe Biden issued a letter that he didn't even tell a lot of folks on his campaign about, he said that he was going to not drop out as the president right now, but drop out of the campaign.


And in that letter there was only a mention of Vice President Kamala Harris as doing a great job. And he's been ha proud to have her as his partner for the last four years. So I'm like, where the second page? Where the second page. And so I'm like, yo, I have already told these people they've been talking about it all week, that he may not endorse Kamala Harris. That's unacceptable to me. This person is on your ticket. It says Biden Harris everywhere. So I went off, I was like, what are you doing? What are we talking about friend? Like we gonna have some real problems. If, you don't throw your support behind a person who has stood lockstep with you in moments where she shouldn't have, including the debate night, which is where this snowball all began. And then three minutes later.


Three minutes later. Exactly. But the thing is, I heard that people flipping out and going off like that actually helped. Why wasn't it in the initial letter they said that that's, they wanted to come from the campaign officially. But why did you just put it on Twitter my friend? Like the tweet. The tweet don't necessarily go as viral as the letter that of your initial announcement. So I think it was bad strategy and sometimes that is the casualty of not getting your whole team involved and ensuring that people advise you on the flat sides of your strategy. I disagree. I think it was good strategy because I felt like both of them deserved their own different announcements and they both worked right? 'cause he announced and then everybody was like, oh my God, Biden dropped out and then You know maybe 30 minutes, an hour later, hey and now he endorses Kamala.


So I felt like they just, they own the news cycle by doing that. That's what I think now Ms. Ry, I Can appreciate that. Now Ms. Ry, let's jump right into it. I know you don't got much time. Why do you think Biden finally decided to tap out? Because You know Friday his team was like, he's not tapping out. He's gonna see this all the way through. What do you think was the change in factor? You know, I don't know if there was just one. I think that this has been a circumstance of several terrible events. The first was the debate, then they tried to clean up the debate with an interview, also a disaster. Then they tried to have conversations to get everybody to believe that everything was still going to be fine. Also a disaster. And when you have, I think one of the most important things there are not just voters in our democracy, the way this democracy set up, it has to be largely funded.


And so when donors start calling and saying, yo If, you step aside, you not catching no more checks, that's a different problem. Right? And I think that's the thing that we have to understand. If donors stop writing checks in a contested election, that will be as close as this one or was gonna be as close as this one with Joe Biden and Donald Trump If, you can't fund it. You are in real big trouble. And the polls too, right? Because I mean there was like all of the polls showing that he can't win in the battleground states. 'cause they were saying that on Friday night or Saturday night, he sat down with some of his team and they showed him like, yo, there's no path to victory for you. Yeah, I think that polling is as good as when it's done and we are still over a hundred days away from the election.


So even though I, I've definitely seen the polls. I think one, we joke about this on the podcast as You know nar a lot on native land power. We always like, we are the unofficial pollsters because black folks never get polled. Yeah. And so we had a bunch of people reach out to us and respond to a unofficial poll that we did all black folks. Because normally, have y'all ever been polled? I've never been polled. No. Oh, so that's the running joke. I don't really put that much stock in polls this far away from the election. Well They did in 2020. It did show that he was up by 10 percentage points this time in 2020. Biden was so Yeah. But he's also on the other side of a really disastrous debate. So I think that time could heal all wounds. Something else could happen. You know there's been an October surprise generally every single election cycle.


Hillary Clinton had one, his name was James Comey and he ruined that thing. Right. So I think that things could happen all the time that James out. Why you saying like, you sound like Atu a girl for a second. He ruined that thing. Listen. Well we're speaking to Angela, Rob now, she on the phone James for That. Oh, I, I got one more question before we go to the calls. What, what do you think the messaging is to the people? Because there are a lot of people looking at this and saying, so damn it took the donors for you to drop out when 70% of all Americans said we didn't want a Biden Trump rematch to begin with. Like why did it take donors? Why you weren't listening to the people You know. I think it's a fair question and it's one that every single elected official, some everybody that's campaigning needs to take stock in.


You have to understand that it's not just the big donors. Kamala raised over $40 million crazy yesterday with small donors. Crazy. Right? Right. So you have to think about the fact that we all have a voice. Every single dollar counts. We, that means something. And so does every single vote. So they should be listening to what voters are saying. I think more than they listen to donors. The worst thing to me in my political experience is when a donor's like, they go like, okay, I'm gonna write you this check, but let me tell you what you need to do about messaging. Let me tell you what you need to do about surrogate You. know you need to get like why was your voice in your opinion better? Like your job and where you're strong is writing a check. It's not probably in political strategy. Now, two quick questions before we go to the phone lines.


One Kamala Harris, what needs to happen for her to actually, 'cause right now she's not, she's not running right now. Right? Yeah, there was A lot of people reporting yesterday. A lot of dumb ass outlets saying that Kamala was the Democratic nominee Already, but she's not as of yet. So what needs to happen for her to be the nominee and who do you think she should pick as a running mate if she is the nominee? Yeah. So in order for her to secure the nomination, as you all know, the Democratic convention is just a couple weeks away. She will have to get all of those pledge delegates. The 50 state party chairs have all officially endorsed her yesterday. Labor unions, several elected officials, most of the Congressional black caucus. So she has a lot of folks lining up that would demonstrate that she can get that.


The other thing that we were just talking about that's really important here is the dollars. She's demonstrated like less than 24 hours. People were excited probably in a 12 hour period. 47,000,046. 46.7 million. Wow. Yes. Sorry. I said 47. I rounded up. It might be at 47 now. But the point is she secured the dollar, she secured the support, and now she has to secure the delegates officially in a convention process. A lot of the people who folks that were going to challenge her have now endorsed. So I think that makes it tough. I wanna know who else is on the bench. I don't know that she's gonna get another challenger. Maybe Joe Manchin. We don't fool with Joe Manchin like that. We know Better now. You did say everybody endorsed, but people are saying Barack Obama hasn't endorsed Barack Obama hasn't Nancy Pelosi hasn't.


Chuck Schumer hasn't. Hakeem Jeffries hasn't. Well, Barack Obama of course is the, the biggest one that he just named. So Bill Clinton endorsed a lot of people endorsed, but people are surprised Barack hasn't endorsed endorsed Checkers. Are are Nancy and Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries? Yes. Especially being Hakeem is black. Yes. So is Barack Obama. Barack Obama is also black, I think. Stop it. He's black. But go Ahead. God. Jesus Lennar. Not this morning. Okay. We, it's still the one drop rule in 2020. Kendrick Lamar told us, we don't want to hear bar say, nigga. No, no, no, no, No. That was Drake. It's very different Ride. Don't, don't let him get you off. I about that another time. Don't let him get you off. I About that another time. No light-skinned battling today. Thank you. Let's all stay together. So here we go. So I think initially I was, I'm still not that happy with Barack Obama because when he needed Kamala a campaign for him, she was right there.


And I feel like he was trying to be in this role of like, let's let this process play out. And it's like, no bru, she's on the ticket. If she's on the ticket, all of his pledge delegates now go to Kamala Harris. That's the same thing that happened in the contested convention in 1968 with Linda B. Johnson dropping out after RFK challenged him. And so the thing that happens is all of LBJs delegated, or no delegates go to or went to Hubert Humphreys, right? Still a contested convention. All of that. RFK when he was assassinated, his delegates were split between the other two candidates. These things happen.


And at the end of the day, Kamala said she's still playing ball. She said, I intend to secure and win the nomination. That's what has to happen at the convention. I think the other folks in Democratic leadership, which by the way Nancy Pelosi is not anymore, but she likes to play that role, is demonstrating that they wanna see the process play out and that's how they think that leadership looks. I was told by someone pretty senior in leadership that they expect for Kamala Harris to secure all of the support within the next 48 to 72 hours. And I think you'll see those folks fall in line slightly behind that. I, I, I agree. I don't want to hear nothing from You know former President Obama, them about You know a a process run an open primary because y'all didn't care about primaries a year ago when people were calling for them against Biden.


So don't start caring about primaries now. Yeah, I I don't disagree with that at all. I actually, like I said, I was really frustrated with President Obama. We've talked about this before, but when I was the executive director of the Congressional Black Caucus, anytime we are on the other side of President Obama, it was a real frustrating moment.


Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures for more.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say Yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, everyone is ready for summer activities, which is why using PayPal is a great way to say yes to summertime fun. Say yes to those concert tickets to go see that band you were into back in high school. Say yes to that bikini that you are too scared to try it at the store because the lighting might be bad and you might get discouraged. But that You know you'll look amazing in when you try it on for the first time at the resort when you get there, you can also send money to friends via PayPal, which means going have these with your best friend when she visits this summer with even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money, redeem points for cash and other options terms apply.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills and infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


It is Lee K Key. Welcome back to the Lee K key request line. Ready for something with a kick that's still smooth? Talk about a hot time at dinnertime crisscross. This is America's number one spicy mayo and non GMO verified sriracha. It's the sriracha slide coming at you from Lee. Come key, turn it out. Sriracha. Slide on over to sriracha love.com to check it out. Sriracha, real smooth.


What side? The white side. You stop it. What? I'm sorry, what side? What side of Obama? The white side. Bernard, I can't even concentrate with you on this nonsense. What, what I'm telling you is we had a lot of issues with the Biden, I mean l the Obama administration. And it was really frustrating when folks didn't see that we were trying to represent the best interest of black folks. And when we clashed with that administration, folks dragged us. We used to get hate mail, death threats. You know for being on the other side of President Obama, but sometimes he's on the wrong side of history. And I. Think yesterday was one of 'em. I agree. Well, let's go to the phone lines. Angela Ray is on the lines right now. She's answering all your questions. Political, whatever, whatever question you have, something you might not understand, she'll break it down for you.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne Mc guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We have Angela Rye on the line this morning. She's helping us out with breaking down everything. A lot went on over the weekend. Of course, Joe Biden tapped out and there's a lot to talk about. And we have Leroy on the line. Leroy, good morning. Leroy. Leroy. I know Leroy Black. He Black. Good day. Harry B. What's Up Leroy? What's your last name? Jackson or Johnson? Hey. Damn Washington. Oh My God, That's that's right. The third one. You, you, You were close. Le what's your question for Ms. Rye? My question for Angela is, I know to delegate some people behind Ms to Ms. Harris.


It just is the Republicans, I mean, excuse me, the few Democrats that all left or they gonna support her because I, of course in 2008 they didn't give a a rocket chance what they did, but they came reluctantly. So hopefully they'll be behind her. Straightforward out the bed. The the, the purse flow is going pretty well so far, unless she can continue. Guess so. What's your question? I guess, what's your Question? Democrats fall in line. Is that your question? Pretty much the main Democrats, you have the ones that Yeah, well the main Democrats fall in line. You, you, you kind of answered that a little while ago, but would the main Democrats fall in line? Angela Rod and Nancy Pelosi. Chuck Sch was Barack Obama. Those people, Yeah, I think these are the people that will be supportive. They're waiting to see if anybody throws their hat in the ring again. Most of the people who would be her biggest competitors endorsed yesterday, And I think that some of these other folks are very much controlled by the donor class and so they will be supportive if the donors are supportive.


And, I think that what we're starting to see is that they will be even the Wall Street folks on Wall Street Democrats are like, cool. We can roll with this one Now. Star is on the line. Star, good morning. Good morning. How are you this morning? Good. Good Star. What's your question for Angela Rye? I have a question. Hi Angela. Good morning. Good morning. I have a question. Am I correct to assume that there is a democratic Republican nominee for of the 50 states? Huh? When you're saying a Republican and a Democratic nominee for each of the 50 states? As far as like, as far as like the Congress, like the Congressman, isn't it a Republican congressman and a Democratic like I live in Tennessee. Okay. And I know that we're a red state, but we have a blue, but we have a democratic person here.


Congressman here, right? Oh, are you in Memphis? Yes. Yes. So you do have a democratic representative. And how it works is members of Congress have about 700, a little over 700,000 people they represent in each state. And that's why you could have almost 50 districts in California can have five in a southern rural state because there aren't as many people. So that's how they app portion members of Congress who are on the house side. And then there's another chamber, the Senate. And the Senate has a hundred senators. Right? So everyone doesn't have necessarily Democratic and Republican representation. It depends on the makeup of the voters in the state star.


Are you a registered voter? I am. Okay. I am. I have a, I was asking another question. Would it be smart if she decides to run, because I just woke up y'all and y'all are so I, would it be smart for her person that she running with to be a democratic person from a Republican state? Oh, I see. That's a great question. Star, come on. You ready to be a political strategist this morning? Thank you stuff You know that's, I am not, that's on the table. There's a governor by the name of Roy Cooper, North Carolina, who Kamala Harris served as a state attorney general with, and he's from North Carolina.


There's another one named Andy Beshear, who's a governor in Kentucky, also a red state. He's being considered. And then there's a state that goes back and forth Arizona, like a lot of our states go back and forth. Mark Kelly, who's a city sitting senator and is the husband of Gabby Giffords, who is a member of Congress in Allstar. And she was shot in the face, well actually while I was still with the Congressional Black Caucus. And she's been a major champion for gun violence. And given everything that's happened in this country, they think that Mark Kelly would be a good contender as well. Yeah, Those are the top one Things for sure. They been saying Kamala and a white person. Yeah, it's gotta Be a white Man. And, I. Think that's where we are in this country right now. Those are the top names. And of course Governor Josh Shapiro. What, what do you think about the, the, the possibility of Gretchen Whitman?


They've been saying you think an all women ticket would be a smart move right now? Well, I can tell you what I would aspire to see. Sure. I think an all women ticket would be great. I think especially given all the battles of the on re of reproductive justice that we're seeing on the line right now. I'd be surprised. I have heard they don't rock with each other like that. But let's see what happens. And then with Governor Shapiro, as you guys know, I got to sit in on the interview with you all with Governor Shapiro And I thought he was fantastic. I didn't really know him that well. And of course Pennsylvania's always a state that is battleground one where they pour a lot of resources into. And so having Governor Shapiro on the state also who worked with Kamala as a state's attorney general would be, would be great.


I think Mark Kelly will look good optics wise. 'cause he looks maga white You Know The only thing about Mark Kelly, Amara Amara, The only thing about Mark Kelly, what Mark Kelly is kind of boring. And I think that we learned that lesson with Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane. Like did you even remember Tim Kane was on the ticket? I did not. Yeah. I forgot about Tim Ka. I forgot all about. That's the thing. Do you want that again? I don't know if I want that. So Mark Kelly and also he's a senator, which is where Kamala just came out. I don't know, I think I would like to see a governor. Well, we're we're still kicking it with Angela Ryan. Hello. Re Yes. Hey. Good morning. Hi. Good morning. What's your question for Ms. Angela Rye? I just wanna say that I feel like there was a big mistake for everybody including you.


So start, he coming out bashing Biden, calling Biden trash, telling him he to step down all of these top Democrats coming out. Obama came out from what I heard, putting all this pressure on him to step down. We picked him to be nominee. I felt like it was like Roland Mon had pointed out very self-destructive to the Democratic party. I I totally disagree. That wasn't self-destructive. That was a bunch of people who had sense, who simply wanted to win. And you have to ask yourself if there's a threat to democracy like Donald Trump on the other side. Don't you want to run the best possible candidate to give you the best possible chances of winning If people couldn't hear what she said, what she feels like.


Everybody, including Charlamagne and and us up appear who added the pressure on Biden added, made him step down that she feels like it was completely inappropriate. No, that's, that was her feeling. People just wanted to win. It's really just that simple. Like, do you want to win Leonard? Yes ma'am. I didn't know your name was Angela. Was that question for me or you? It was for you Angela. Well, she called my name so I ain't gonna just let her just say No, She did all, I'm sorry. So what's your on that Ms. Ry You know? I think I agree with Lennar. We did a podcast on this. And I kind of went off about it a little bit because I think it's really unfair to tell people that they don't see what they saw. Right. You know it. It was a huge problem to see his debate performance. It was a huge problem to see You know the Lester Holt interview after the fact.


I think the best thing that happened on debate night was Kamala Harris defending their record after the debate. And so I just feel like you can't really tell people they're not seeing what they are. You know initially in 2020 he, he named the campaign the Battle for the Soul of America. We're in a political war. So you have to be all the way ready. And I think one of the other things that probably happened. Sometimes it's just God like That's right. You end up getting covid like after all that, it's looking like you're not strong enough to withstand the pressures that are coming at you. And that's unfortunate. Like we also don't wanna be ageist You know, but my dad is 82 and kicking. He don't look nothing like Joe Biden. Yeah, my Neither You know. Yeah, right. So I think that some of those things happen.


The crazy thing is he got Covid on Tuesday and he's still at the house. Like I thought the new Covid rules was three days. He's still in and it's been about seven days. But my other question to you is, Has it been seven days? Damn. No, it's usually been three days. It's Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. He should have been out by now. It's three days now. That's the new Oh, I thought you said Biden went down for Seven days. I think he got a, I think there were other things that kept him in the house, including this conversation with his family about whether or not he was gonna stay in the race. I think it's not just Covid And he probably staying in the house 'cause they shooting. Okay. They just shot last week. Oh, you mean Trump State? I would've gotten low for a week too. I would've stayed. I would've that, I think that's a smart thing to do a week after you're a political opponent, get shot at.


I would, I would keep the president away for a little while too. We ain't talk about this shooting, but I'm just gonna hold my piece. Now. I I wanted to ask you before we take some more calls, You know, do we blame this on his team? And the reason I say that is his team is with him 24 7. They prepped, they prepared for the debate. They know what he is, they know how he speaks, they know how he talks. And if he wasn't fit and they knew that he couldn't be do a good job on that debate, why would they still put him up there to look like that? That is a great question. It's a million dollar question as far as I'm concerned. Every single one of them people should have been fired. I agree. Agree. Every single one of them. Like, how dare you do that? You need to, you need to know your candidate. And if you're not in a position to have the conversation with the candidate to be honest with the candidate, whether it's because you're afraid, whether it's because you think you need the ratings, whatever it is, like you need to be able to be honest with the principal If.


you can't be. That's a whole other issue. And so I take it with every single one of those folks who are in this alleged inner circle, who've been advising him because it keeps them in power. You gotta check your own power sometimes. It, he was calling for the debate. And I'll tell you one thing, I I guarantee you one thing you Make my day pal. He said, make my day. I I I guarantee you one thing that you will not see, but I guarantee you won't ever see Kamala Harris and Donald Trump debate. I guarantee you Donald Trump. What? I guarantee you Donald Trump will not take that stage with Kamala Harris. Well, you y'all wanna see this so badly. Donald Trump ain't going to do it. No, he not gonna do it. He not going to do it. But let me ask you guys this. Do do you guys think he was trying to call her bluff when he posted yesterday that he would debate her on Fox News?


But, but he, but even, even still, she should go, how long have I been, how long have I been saying Kamala Harris should go on Fox News? You trying to fight me? Listen to what I said. I said, do you think he was calling her bluff when he said he wanted to move the debate to Fox News? Probably because he, he, that's something that, that's something that she, he thinks she probably would never do. Yeah, but You know what I mean. So She's, I think she should do it too. By the way, Trump gonna debate. I'm not disagreeing with you. Trump is not gonna debate if Trump's team is smart. He, he, he don't want that smoke. That's what smoke he don't want. And, and if, and, and, and if she doesn't debate him, 'cause I don't think that he will, she should still go on Fox News. Now is the time where she has to go on Fox News and talk to that side of America. Well, Let's take some more calls. I agree with that. When we come back. Angela is here. She's answering all your questions.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Angela is on the line. She's breaking down so many different things this morning and we're taking your calls. We have Brock on line five. Brock, what's your question for Angela? R My question is, will we protect Kamala wholeheartedly and aggressively against the attacks from Trump and JD Vance? Well, I think the question starts with you. Will you? Right. I know what I'm gonna do. I've been a black woman passed over for a promotion before. I'm protecting her first from the people that are inside the Democratic party.


Well, I believe to act blue for the first time I'm supporting her. I I, I donated to ActBlue for the first time last night. Hey, I'm, I'm here for, I'm here for her. I love that. Well, congrats you. North New Jersey is here for you heard Charlamagne come through. I Hear you Brock, I hear you. I think that's great. Number one on your first campaign donation. I hope that You know you, you will talk to the folks in our community who question her blackness, who question whether or not she's for the people. And that you were able to stand on some of her own accomplishments from when she was a state attorney general from when she was a United States Senator And I believe that now that she is no longer number two on the ticket, we're gonna see a lot more, not just of her personality, but her desires for this country to come to fruition.


So I think that that's awesome that you've already shown your support in that way. Keep doing it. 'cause there will be a lot of attacks. And, I. Don't just think it'll be from the Republic. Exactly. Of the aisle. You just said something Angela, that I really hope to see You know is, is, is the, is the real Kamala Harris over the next four months, And I think like you said, I think now that she's at the top of the ticket, I think those handcuffs, those handcuffs are gonna be off. And if they not off, they need to be because the only person that's gonna win this election in November is the real Kamala Harris. We Got Mike. Yeah, I think that's a thousand percent right. We got Mike on the line. Mike, what's your question for Angela? R Hey, how you doing? What's up Mike? Hey, listen, this is, this is the thing that I don't ever hear talked about.


If we get wrapped up into politics, right? We pick a team because we always been on that team. Now we gotta use our heads. Our health is on the line. God, first, then our health. I'm gonna give you a few notes. Well, I got businesses in Atlanta and I'm gonna give you some things you never heard before. One, when the fish die in the ocean, right? Wash up on shore, the wells, the beach in they self. That's Covid. I work with the environmental scientists. They're not telling us this. They, the, the Democrats are, has been infiltrated. And, and, and so many, within these three and a half years, we have been told so many lies.


Our help, our kids' health is on the line. And we mention that we came, they lied about from the vaccine on, from the beginning. So I didn't vote for either side. And I normally would vote Democratic Democrats, but I couldn't do either one because Conland Biden wasn't telling us that Covid was really coming from the water. So, oh, so Covid, oh my God. Covid, hold On. So Covid, so covid came from the fish That, listen, they're poisoning the water and this is how it was getting to us. So when we was wearing masks, we was supposed to watch consumption. So we already, they watch it and they're sitting back watching the farms be destroyed.


So we need to social distance from fish. So you mean no swimming for the rest of the, When you see those fish, well, you see those fish if If you don't, you might as well go on that beach and pick those fish up and eat it. Are you Vegan? You take it, you listen. You take, is he vegan? No, I'm, I'm on my way, man. I stopped the fish. I stopped the beef because Bill Gates bought up all our beefs. That means, Oh lord. A lot happening to Bill Gates about The beaches, the Fish. So listen you sir, I put 'em on. Lemme tell you something, my brother. Damn. I really wanna know more about the fish. No, man. Noard, we gotta wrap this. No you don't. So Angela, what do you tell the people out there that's listening right now? Is covid In the car? Stop it. Vy. You don't want me to answer the fish question? No, no, I don't.


No. Is Covid in the white? No. So what do you tell people out there history right now? It's, lemme tell, let me, let me say this. I'm gonna tell you this and I'm gonna start here. I'm not gonna answer the question directly and I'm gonna follow instructions. But I do wanna say just this one part about the fish. The water is being poisoned and it is from a lack of regulations on a lot of corporate entities. And I think that one thing we'll know for sure is on the democratic side of the aisle with Kamala Harris. Climate change will be known as a real thing and there will be restrictions put on environmental killers so that hopefully the fish can survive. Now, moving right along, what I would tell people is to ensure they understand and study Kamala's real record.


I think that this is an opportunity for not just the Democratic party, but the entire country to really hit reset. So really give her a fair opportunity. Look at what she's done, look at what she's promising to do, and then match that against what your own needs are for yourself. The the dream that you have for America, the country that you would like to reimagine. And then really make a clear analysis on who you think will best help you reach those goals. It's sad that politically progress is often incremental. We get it in small bits. And so even with that, knowing that there may be incremental change that she may not be able to You know, make sure that America becomes the, the reality that we all know we desperately deserve a need.


We may get a little bit closer. And so that's my plea to everyone to really try to give her a fair shot. I'm excited about her opportunity. I'm excited about who she picks as her running mate. And I can tell you I haven't felt this way since 2020, the 2020 election when she joined the ticket. I was never excited about Joe Biden. I don't think that's a secret to anybody. And, and listen, I know this is a sexist country. And I know that You know it's a country built on patriarchy. But I do want women You know, especially You know black women You know to believe in themselves in this moment, the way that we believe in them. Because You know when I hear people say things like, oh, show never win, this country didn't vote for Hillary. Why would they vote for her? I think we gotta stop saying that. 'cause this country did vote for Hillary.


She wasn un popular vote. 65 million people wasn't popular vote voted for Hillary and she beat Donald Trump in the popular vote by 2.9 million votes she lost because of the electoral college. And if we're being honest, she didn't campaign the way she should. She didn't hit Pennsylvania the way she probably should have. She didn't touch parts of Michigan the way she probably should have. I think it was Wyoming. Wyoming or Wisconsin. It was three states that Wisconsin, Wisconsin, those three states really cost her the election. Yeah. And, and her campaign even admits they didn't touch those states the way that they should have. So there's a lot of things that went into play with her. Hillary not becoming President. And. I don't think it was just because she was a woman. All right. Yeah, I hear that. I I wanna know who y'all think is gonna be the running mate. Mark Kelly.


Man, he's MAGA white. I would like Shapiro though. You know Shapiro You know for, for me, my personal take will be Shapiro. I'm gonna tell you another, another white man I like, I like Tim Ryan. I think Tim Ryan has been, Tim Ryan is not gonna be the running mate friend. I know, but I'm just throwing the name out there because he's really been supporting Kamala. And he was one of the first people to jump out there and say, Joe Biden needs to step down and Kamala needed to be at the top of the ticket. And he Did, he did do that. And he's very battle tested against JD Vance as well in Ohio. Yeah. You know. I hear That. I hear that. So I think that that might be be tough You know the, the everybody that runs on the ticket has to be vetted. They have to check for You know chemistry with the candidates. And I. Think that's another, another important piece.


Mark Kelly. I like the politics of it. I just think that he might be a little too boring. Well, governor Shapiro, then let's go. Alright, Well Angela Ryan, we appreciate you for checking in and breaking all this stuff down for us this morning on this Monday. And, and make sure you tune into the Native Land podcast. Subscribe to the Native Land podcast on the Reason Choice Media iHeartRadio podcast network with Angela Rye. Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross. Alright, Thank you. Yes indeed. I appreciate y'all. Now We got Jess with the mess coming up. What we talking about Jess? Yes. So on the lighter side of everything going The World. Yo cash dog broke up with her baby father and she just had a baby. So it was like, oh my God. But we gonna get into it is real Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying.


Don't do


Lie. Friday the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton Manning, Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC


in


peacock@public.com. We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place. 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, everyone is ready for summer activities, which is why using PayPal is a great way to say yes to summertime fun. Say yes to those concert tickets to go see that band you were into back in high school. Say yes to that bikini that you are too scared to try in at the store because the lighting might be bad and you might get discouraged. But that You know you'll look amazing in when you try it on for the first time at the resort when you get there. You can also send money to friends via PayPal, which means going have these with your best friend when she visits this summer with even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money, redeem points for cash and other options terms apply.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


It's Lee come key. Welcome back to the Lee Ckey request line. Ready for something with a kick that's still smooth. Talk about a hot time at dinner time. Crisscross. This is America's number one spicy mayo and non GMO verified sriracha. It's the sriracha slide coming at you from Lee. Come key, turn it out. Sriracha slide on over to sriracha love.com to check it out. Sriracha real smooth.


She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. So it's time to shut the door. So the greatest rappers of all time, according to family food on a recent episode of Family Food, there was a round that asked the contestants for the greatest rapper of all time. Let's listen to how it went. Who is the greatest rapper of all time? J Cole. Andre, Kendrick Lamar. Ryan. Yes. Lil Wayne.


Okay. Okay. Y'all tripping now. Okay, Kayla, it's Tupac. Let's go with Biggie. Jay-Z number one. Jay-Z. Oh damn. Whoa. Are y'all tripping? Nas? See, I think you're thinking as a hip hop head, I don't think that's who answered these questions? Who's the greatest rapper of all time? Eminem. Yes. Kayla. Who's the greatest rapper of all time? Snoop Dogg. Yay, Drake Snoop. They actually had that number one. That's why, that's why those polls and surveys are subjective.


'cause it's all about who you talking to, But not Snoop for number one. Yo, I don't care. That's crazy. Anyway, And they probably, whoever they was talking to probably didn't even look at greatest. The way we look at greatest. They look The most popular. Yep. Yeah. That they, that wasn't the most popular list. Yeah, because do they, I wonder if they still do it like they used to. They, they used to show like people like Man on the Street. Like they asking a bunch of random people. No, I haven't seen that in a long time when they did it like that. Yeah, But I, I know that's how they used to come up with these answers and put 'em in order like this. But to clarify the list, the answer list was number one, Snoop Dogg number two. PAC number three was Eminem. Number four, Dr. Dre number five LL Cool J Number six was Biggie.


Number seven was 50 cent. And number eight was Jay-Z. Hey, say what you want them the most famous rappers in The. World. That's the most popular You can say. Yeah. I don't care where you go in The World. You have somebody about rap. They probably gonna name one of those Absolutely. Eight people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially white people. Yep. They definitely do this list. But Steve, he issued an apology when the round was over though. He couldn't even believe it. That's what he said. Before we flip over these last three, I want to apologize to the entire hip hop community. Chaz's last what? The. World number seven. He could not believe that. He could not believe it, but, and neither could I honestly, like you said, these people don't think of hiphop.


Like, I mean of all time. Like we think of them. Yeah. That's crazy. Because my father would've said Eric b Rakim. Like he just said Ks One, Like K, big daddy Kae, Big daddy Kae, all that. He, yeah, they, he'd been, it'd been different. So of all time. It's kind of crazy. But that is just with the mess right there for three minutes. Thank you. Just just with the mess. Charlamagne. We give your donkey Too, man. Four, after the hour, we need a dentist from Tampa Bay, Florida named Richard Cantwell to come through the front of the congregation. Ask yourself, would you want this man in your mouth? We'll discuss. Okay. All right. Well we'll get to it. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning.


Make sure you tell em to watch out for Florida. Man. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. Yes, you are a donkey. The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant wife. Police arrested Orlando men we're attacking a flamingo. The, Breakfast Club bitchy donkey other day ain't to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all elected. It ain't me do all it's y'all donkey of for Monday, July 22nd goes to Richard Cantwell. Okay, A US Army veteran turned Dennis from Tampa.


He could spin up the first of all. First of all, what does your uncle Sharla always tell you about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx of Florida and today is no exception. A Richard Cantwell, a US Army veteran turned dentist. He could spin up to 15 years in prison if convicted on three counts of interstate transmission of a threat to injure. Cantwell AEG allegedly sent a hundred threats to 42 victims between August, 2019 and July, 2020. That's some serious trolling. A hundred threats to 42 victims claiming he would rape, murder and torture victims. Who criticized the great Donald Trump? Let's go to 10 Tampa News for the report please.


A Bay Area dentist was in federal court accused of sending dozens of threatening messages to people online, including an FBI agent and politician For those crimes. A federal judge ordering Richard Cantwell to stay behind bars pending a trial court documents, say he has a practice in Zephyr Hills. Federal investigators say he sent messages to people riddled with his homophobic and racist slurs according to court documents. Kent will was interviewed by the FBI back in 2019 and was told to stop. Investigators say he continued to send threats to dozens of people out there. One of those threats read in part, prepared to die. You won't see Christ right now.


Kent will faces three felony charges Prepare to die. You won't see Christ by the way, he calls Donald Trump the great Donald Trump. Those are his words. Trump supporting Dennis, who will make your teeth MAGA white. Okay, you can get your veneers, capital riot White If you want. Now listen, this is exactly why I'll be wanting folks to keep their politics, politics to themselves. Okay? I remember a world not too long ago where people didn't discuss their religion, their politics, or who the best mc was between Jay-Z and Nas. Because those were guaranteed arguments. But now we live in a world where people can't even agree to disagree. We live in a world where there is segregation based on politics and people's politics are impacting their everyday lives. You want to kill me because I don't agree with the same candidate as you?


Do you want to kill me because I'm not in the same party as you? Well, damn, Mr. Dennis. All I want is a root canal. Okay? People out here telling me my breath stink. I'm just trying to get a feeling. A three. And you don't want to do it because I don't support Donald Trump. This dentist could be out here doing someone's veneers, but instead he's choosing violence. You heard what the news report said. His targets included politicians, celebrities, authors, and other non-public figures. And one message he allegedly told the victim, I read your article about the great Donald Trump. You are gay. I can tell f you higher extra security. You're going to need it. I plan on fing you up just for the fun of it.


Jesus Christ, Richard. Wow. Damn, Richard. Wow. Did they call him Dick for short? I don't know what that's a nickname Richard said. Richard Dick is a nickname for Richard. What do you mean? I said, gee, I was wondering, did they call him that for short? Okay. Well, all I want Richard, is some bridge work, right? This is why 70% of all Americans said they did not want a Biden versus Trump rematch. Thank God President Biden finally came to his senses and tapped out Republicans. I don't know why y'all haven't gotten the memo too. Nobody wants to deal with this type of madness. You got people who have worked their whole life to get to a certain point throwing it away because of political differences. This man, Richard Cantwell sent one message to a victim and he said, take note, because liberal blank liberal blanks like it is redacted.


So it says liberal blanks like you get raped in alleys by really big black guys that serve all cause. So you blank. 'cause that's redacted to are going to get raped by at least five blanks. That's redacted. I'm just gonna assume that's the N word and do nothing. You are the number one target, bro. I just came here for Invisalign. Geez. Okay, I just want some teeth whitening. Why do you want to kill me? Now Richard was arrested and pleaded not guilty to the charges. But he did tell the court against his lawyer's advice that his statements were empty threats. These are the people that are going in our mouth every day. Whoa. This is the type of Richard, okay? Or the type of dick for short that might be going, going in your mouth every day.


Huh? I'm supposed to trust you with my tooth attractions. Okay? He the type to take out anyone You know he he'll take out anyone who's not a Trump supporter's wisdom teeth because he don't think they wise. Mm. Okay, listen, political differences will always generate a healthy debate, but I shouldn't be killed for them. And Richard, I gotta ask you, was it worth it? Instead of worrying about people's cavities, now you in jail receiving daily cavity searches. Okay, trolling. Got you. A prison oral exam that your bicuspids and molars didn't ask for. Okay? DDS don't stand for Doctor of Dental surgery. It stands for Richard. Richard Sodomy. Okay?


And I'm only saying Richard because You know what I want to say. All right. But use your imagination. All right. All right. Well I think I can say it 'cause his name is Rich. Let's go for it. Let's go for it. Let's go for it one time. Let's go for it. Okay. It's DDS, right? You don't think I can say it? DDS You. know what I mean? If You know it. No, not doctor. Dental surgery. It's, nah, I'm just gonna say it Rich Much you see Ball, you don't wanna Fine. Please, please let Chelsea handle it. Give Richard cant Will the biggest hee-haw. He haw. He haw. That is way too much. Dan Mayonnaise.


This guy gonna fake let it go. Right? That's what he did. You know that. I'm not gonna say it. Oh my gosh, This guy is Stupid. What I work with here. I don't know why I work here. Well, thank you for that donkey today. Alright, now when we come back, My God. All right, let's Get serious. Now, this is a very triggering story. I'm letting y'all know that right now. Yes. But it is a story that needs to be heard. And we want y'all to go out here and buy her book. Her name is Sabrina Greenley. Yes. She is the mother of NY receiver Deandre Hopkins. She has a book out called Grant Me Vision, A Journey of Family, faith and Forgiveness. I'm telling you right now, this story is triggering because she was a victim of domestic violence that left her blind.


Damn. Yes. And it's a whole backstory to go with all of that. That's right. Yeah. Please tune in. Yeah, we're gonna talk to her next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest with us this Morning. Yes indeed. Sabrina Greenley. She has a new book, grant Me Vision, A Journey of Family, faith and Forgiveness. And it's out right now. Good morning. Good Morning. Good morning. Thank you for having Me. How are you? Good. I feel good. I feel amazing. There You go. Now you are the the mother of Deandre Hopkins. And man, what a, what a story you have.


What a journey. What a life you have lived. Yes, absolutely. I'm still here. Now for those who may not know, you were blind, but you weren't born blind. You actually became blind after an acid attack in in 2002. Yes. I was brutally assaulted in 2002 by a young lady that unbeknownst to me we were dating the same guy. Mm. And I was called to a place by him. One day, And I went out there looking for my car and she came out, called my name, screamed my name Sabrina. And she threw a concoction of bleach and mixed with Red Devil Eye. She threw it on me. 17% of my body was burned that day. I fell to my knees and he actually took me to the gas station about three minutes away, but eventually left me there to die.


What Lord? At Mercy. He's a man that you were dating, that you thought, loved you, liked you, and and cared about you and just left you to to die. Yeah. DJ and V, he literally was in my life for three and a half months. So of course I didn't know him per se. And we really didn't know each other. But you couldn't tell me that that wasn't my man. But You know he was somebody else's man too. Now the book is called Grant Me Vision. So in that moment of finding out you were blind, what, what was going through your head That moment? That of course I was in a coma for a month and when I came out of the coma, I was on a lot of medicines. I remember them telling me that I would be on 50 different medicines for the rest of my life. Thank God I'm not on any of them now.


But just being blind and coming home to my four children was really, really tough. So even after I got the coma, I was addicted to morphine. I was in therapy. It was a lot of things that propelled me to get to the place I am now. But just being blind. Think about that. Coming home. You know at 31 years old, I left the house 12 o'clock, noon day, going to find my car. And then a month later I come back to the same house, the same children. You know I had allowed all these men to kind of come into our lives in and out. And here it is. I'm just sitting there and it's just me and them. Now what do we do? Putting the pieces back together and totally blind. So it was a lot of healing that had to take place.


And it was scary. Like, I'm not gonna lie, it was, it was terrifying because you are blind and you can't feed your children. I was stepping into unforeseen circumstances that we had never been in. And it was, it was really tough. And then not only that, but just to sit there. So depression, set in anxiety. I was suicidal for about three and a half years. I actually knew exactly how I wanted to take my life. I had plagued this out in my head many, many times. How, how Old were your kids at at The time? My oldest was 14. Keisha was 14. Marcus was 13. Deandre was 10 and my baby was four years old. So I left my baby girl at the door that day screaming and kicking for me.


She wanted her mama And. I was like going the house, I'll be right back. I didn't come back for over a Month. Physically, you went through something, but you keep talking about the mental aspect of it. So how did you get out of that mental space? There was one day where I was fully in suicidal mode. I knew exactly how I wanted to do it. And I acted it out. The road was about four houses up. I knew that if I made it to this mail, this particular mailbox, And I made it to another one. I could count the mailboxes. So by the time I got to the fourth mailbox, I, I wanted to throw myself out in the road when I heard a car. And Deandre, he just happened to wake up that morning and he followed me.


I didn't know he was following me. And he just put his hands on my shoulder As I was getting ready to literally go out in front of this car or I thought You know if I could hear the car, I could throw my body out there and it just all be over. The pain was excruciating and we never talked about it for like 10 years later. And he put his hand on my shoulder, he walked me back into the house. I went in my bedroom, he went in his, we just shut the door. And it was one of those things where it was just so strong that we didn't really want to talk about it. 'cause it was hurtful. He knew what I was going to do. I think that was the turning point for me. I was like, how dare I leave these children? Because like the mental aspect was just so hard. Like sitting there day after day, having people wait on you.


I had people had to give me a bath. People had to come in and feed me. And so I was just tired of it all. That was my turning point mentally was like, I gotta get it together because if not these, I'm gonna leave these children and how dare I leave here? Leave them here. Because if people are not coming in to help us now, just imagine what it's gonna be like without me. Lord have mercy. I gotta ask a question, right? Reading the title of the book. Last thing is forgiveness. Do you forgive the individuals that were involved with taking your sight? DJ Envy. I had no other choice but to forgive. I have totally forgiven. I walk in forgiveness. There's just no way that I could be this person had I not forgiven.


Now when we talk about forgiveness, you talk about the process of forgiveness, right? I'm sitting there and I'm mad, I'm angry. And how dare they try to take my life knowing I had these babies to feed. But what I did was I began to humanize her and look at her as somebody that you like. There's no way you could do that. If, you not broken. That's right. And so what I did was I began to humanize her. I began to say her name eventually out loud. I began to pray for her. Now that was really hard. And I. I have this in the memoir where I say, You know I'm just gonna pray for her. I pray that, God, I pray that you bless her and everything that she touches turns to gold. That was all I could mu mutter right at first. And then my prayer got stronger.


I began to just pray for her. I knew that day in the courtroom, her son was the same age as my son. So you think about she got a 20 year prison sentence. She's done 18 years of that. She's You know. She's been out for a couple of years now. And just to answer your question, I knew that I had to continue that process of forgiving her. I didn't know what that looked like. Took some time. But I thank God that I did do that because I have forgiven him and her and whatever involvement that he may or may not had in that attack, I had to put 'em together and completely forgive him and her. Did He get jail time as well? So he did eventually get a year jail time in one year probation. It had nothing to do with that.


There was a three day jury trial and she was convicted of 20 years. But he continued to stalk me and harass me. And he got a year jail time and a year of probation for continued to harass and stalk me. A year later, he actually came in every day of the trial and testified against her. Hmm. But then turned around and started harassing me saying that You took my girlfriend, you took the person I love. I love both of y'all. Yes. I can't make this up. He literally called me while I had three police officers standing in my home and they called his name and he said, repeat yourself. You know you have police, three police officers standing here. His exact words, I don't care.


I'm going to kill the wow. And they went and picked him up and that was when he served a year. A lot of people don't know that. You know. It's crazy. So You said you forgave her and you said you were able to say her name and and pray for her. Has she reached out since then to apologize or have y'all had a conversation or anything like that In the courtroom that day? She had the choice to speak to me and she chose to not to speak to me. And in the three years that she has been out, she chose to go to a blogger by the name oft K and speak out against me. Wow. Yeah. I just refuse to allow anything negative to come into my mindset. I chose not to entertain it. Alright. We have more with Sabrina Greenlee when we come back. Her new book, grant Me Vision, A Journey of Family Faith and Forgiveness is out right now.


We'll kick it with her some more when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Sabrina Green Lee. She's Deandre Hopkins from the NFL's mom. She has a new book out called Grant Me Vision, A Journey of Family Faith and Forgiveness. Charlamagne, You have a chapter in the book called Justice Chapter 17 and You know you, you talk about what happened as far as him getting sentenced, but does her getting sentenced is the 20 years, did that feel like justice to You? No, not at all. Okay. Not at all. What Would you have wanted to happen? What would be justice to you? I Had to come to grips with the 20 year prison sentence, but of course attempted murder should have been the charge instead of assault and battery with intent to kill.


That would've been better. However, I feel like even though all of that happened, I'm just not mad at it anymore because 18 years is a long time to be without your child. I was with my children every single day. Right. I got a chance to instill some values in them that they still have to this day. I eventually got all four of my children into college. So when I look back 20 years and you did 18 years compared to me being with my children. I'm not mad at the sentence now. I was angry then, but I'm, I'm not mad at it now. Did he give you any peace or closure? Oh gosh, yes. The three day trial was about a year after the attack.


Friday. The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures for more.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, everyone is ready for summer activities, which is why using PayPal is a great way to say yes to summertime fun. Say yes to those concert tickets to go see that band you were into back in high school. Say yes to that bikini that you are too scared to try it at the store because the lighting might be bad and you might get discouraged. But that You know you'll look amazing in when you try it on for the first time at the resort when you get there. You can also send money to friends via PayPal, which means going Hal these with your best friend when she visits this summer with even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money, redeem points for cash and other options terms apply.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's mitre.org/careers.


It's Lee k key. Welcome back to the Lee Kung key request line. Ready for something with a kick that's still smooth. Talk about a hot time at dinner time crisscross. This is America's number one spicy mayo and non GMO verified sriracha. It's the sriracha slide coming at you from Lee. Come key, turn it out. Sriracha slide on over to sriracha love.com to check it out. Sriracha real smooth


Back and so I had probably not left my room for a whole year. And I got up, And I went to the three day trial. After that, You know I was waiting on the light switch to come on to be like, okay, You know I got, justice is good. It didn't really happen like that. I was still severely depressed. But eventually it sunk in that this woman is in prison and there is some justice and justice did prevail. Now after every touchdown. You know Deandre gives you You know the football. Talk to us about that energy and the bond you feel when that happens. Like what does that mean for you? It's amazing because of course I can't see, and so the, the very first initial time that he brought me the ball, I was like, I was like, he, he coming where he, he's coming where he's doing what?


And he held You know. He handed me the ball and it was just the way that he gave it to me. He like, he, he squeezed my hands and he was like, mom, I love you. And I'm holding back tears because I'm like, man, it, it just signified everything that we went through, all of the things that we went through that nobody will understand that went on under one roof with me and these four children. It's amazing. Like I, I wouldn't trade it for The World. And so now of course You know he's on his third team. And. I can't always be in the end zone to him, get me the ball, but he makes sure I still get my balls. That's right. He makes sure. So You got a whole room of footballs. Some are deflated, some are. It's like by like You know he's in his 12th season, but I still have those balls.


And, I. Think over time, You know we give him some to family members and things like that. But I have the majority. Even from Clemson too? No, not from Clemson. Okay, okay. No, not from Clemson. It only started when we were in Houston. Got You. I saw you say that The woman you are today, If, you had to do it all over again. You wouldn't change a thing. Not one single thing. Really. Not one single thing. And people, when I say that, they're like, what do you mean you are blind? Like you wasn't born blind, but If. you take all of that and, and you mix it up. How could I be this woman today? Be able to talk, be able to speak out so bravely, so boldly if I had not went through every single thing. So how, how can I be mad at that?


And also too, when you purposefully make up your mind that you are going to heal and you are going to deal with depression and anxiety and you are going to wake up whole, then I have no other choice. But to understand that all of that had to happen for a reason. Every single moment, every single surgery, every single moment of pain, it had to happen. And, I wouldn't change. Not one single thing. Now I wanna talk about your, your nonprofit Smooth. Tell people about that and how they can jump into that and help you out with that and maybe support. Oh, absolutely. So I have a nonprofit. We advocate against domestic violence. I'm in three states and we really are out here helping women.


I have so many stories where we go out and literally take women from shelters, organizations, agencies. And when they decide to go into their own dwelling, we provide them with financial literacy, household supplies, we do it all. And, I Am hands-on every single case. I'm right there. And so SMOOTH stands for speaking mentally outwardly, opening opportunities. That's with three O's. And they can go to smooth ink.org. That's with three o's. And every single thing that people contribute goes into these women. I really, really, really candid stress enough that my organization is built and it thrives on helping, helping these women who have been abused and not only abused, but have been traumatized.


It doesn't matter. And it's not just domestic violence. We help all womens in different facets of abuse. And what, what's the message you want people to get from this book? Especially women. I want women to know that there is a place for us. And. I say us, because I'm still in the fight with you. However, when you began to just sit in silence, look at yourself, whether it's in the mirror, whether you realize what you've done with your children, the abusive relationship that you're in, when you began to take your power back baby, on the other side of that, you could scream and scream as loud as you want. There is no more suffering in silence. And so I feel like Grant me vision portrays all of that, the ups, the downs, the journey of a young black girl who didn't know who she was going through all of this, but I am you, you are me.


And on the other side of that is happiness is joy. And. I feel like when you can just understand that no one can make that choice for you. But there is so much happiness on the other side of that pain. And I want everybody to go get Grant me vision because I want you to just see my journey. It wasn't always You know like this, but I want you to just really go, go grab Grant me vision today and really, really dive into it. There are so many takeaways, so many tools in there. And. I want you to just follow my journey and see how I, how I navigate through life. Man, what a testimony you got Sabrina And. I tell you something. You know how to promote a book. Okay, If, you ever listen to somebody promote a book when they do an interview?


If they keep referencing the book, they know what they doing. That's right. Okay, come on. Grant me vision out today. That's right. Us, wherever are sold us. Thank Ladies and gentlemen, grant me Vision Tell to follow you too. Family Faith and Forgive us is out. Now how can they follow you? Oh, so I'm always on Instagram. Sabrina Greenley 12. You can go and I'm cooking, I'm dancing, I'm doing any and everything except for driving. Sabrina Greenley 12 on Instagram. And again, you can go to my website Smooth. That's with three os inc.org. All right, well it's Sabrina Greenley. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you The. Breakfast. Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJMV, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. Real Hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The, Breakfast Club. She's a culture here. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. So yesterday it was a post and delete, but my girl Cash Doll announced that she was single. She took to her Instagram to post this single And I. Don't give a f about y'all saying I have two kids by him now I'm just the baby mama, blah, blah, blah.


I'm not dealing with just anything just to keep my family together. I do understand that. But Cash Doll since then deleted the Post. She actually deleted it shortly after she posted it. Now what's interesting is cash do really don't put us in her business like this on social media. Like she just be posting her music, she'll post her pregnancy photos 'cause she has partnerships with like Fashion Nova and other sponsors and stuff like that. But she really never gets into like her personal life on social media for real. So that was interesting. But her baby father, he shared a video yesterday after saying, obviously he sleeps in the comments because he, he didn't even have to get online and say this, but this is what he said to the response Co-parenting, like for you guys.


No, That's not, that's actually Sierra D me talking about keep your head up. You think wrong with me man. I'm okay man. Okay, so in the video he, that, that was a video that he posted and he, he looked like he like walking around in the parking lot. You know, deserted just, I don't know, his, his braids are very struggling. Like, I don't know, it just looked like, like that. He made him look bitter. You said he sad or bitter? Yeah. Yeah. It looked sad. He looked sad. Like he was saying people was telling him to keep his head up. Like, I'm okay. I'm okay. You, it is okay for guys to be hurt. Like If, you broke up with especially If, you was doing something, whatever.


But no, no matter what the case is, I just feel like yo niggas is corny. Like for real. Like you don't have to say anything. It's okay to be said. Go try to get your girl back. You trying to prove to Instagram that your org and all social media platforms that you are okay, y'all have a brand new baby. Obviously we, we don't even know if it was 'cause he was cheating or whatever the hell it is 'cause she never said anything. But it's okay for guys to be upset. Like we, we get our hearts broken, broken all the time. And, I don't care how much a female will be like, oh, I'm unbothered, I'm unbothered. We know our heart being our ass. So it hurts.


And And, I just felt like that was Cony for him to go back and say anything. I mean, she deleted her posts, which she probably was like, all right, maybe I shouldn't have did this on social media. But anytime, k the fact that she posted it, she makes seriously be done. She may not, but they have a small baby. And I just think that was just wrong and insensitive could Have just been mad at the time. Right? You know, you just get mad and just wanna post. So hopefully they work it out and, and and able to fix everything that they're going through. But sometimes people just get mad and in the moment they think that's the right thing to do. Yeah. The right thing to do. Yeah. I, so I actually just hope that cash is okay and more. You're just over there breathing heavy pregnant and more Baby mama, baby daddy News Malika Hawk speaks on co-parenting.


So we know that she is the best friend of k Chloe Kardashian and she is the former ex to OT Genesis. They have a baby and she decided to speak her truth on social media this weekend. So days ago, well last week, US Weekly Magazine released an article on Friday titled OT Genesis Gushes over his co-parenting relationship with amazing Malika Hawk and the car in the article OT said, both of my kids' mothers are amazing, they're great mothers. Obviously you're gonna have your differences, but I wouldn't trade it for anything. They're amazing with my children when I'm there and even when I'm not there. They're always there with the kids and that's dope. So Malika Hawk, she reposted it in her story and she said, this fake ish irks me, right?


So after that she cleared us, she shared a clip from Sierra's interview when, shout out to Sha room, I think. Yeah. She sat down with Sha room and they had asked her how co-parenting was with future. And this is what Sierra said, Co-parenting like for you guys. So after Malika shared that post to her story following her saying fake ish, fake ish irks me, OT calmly clapped back in his IG story. He said, you offered me a hundred K to have another baby with you.


And I told you no LOL still love you and speak highly of you every time. Malika hasn't then said anything back or anything, but I just don't understand why folks be running to make permanent posts based off temporary feelings. 'cause even If, you post and delete the Post gonna live forever. 'cause the blogs gonna pick it up and make it go viral. You know when you get online and say certain things, comments, posts, whatever, it's going to go viral, then folks are gonna be all in your business and you gonna tell people my they business. But all of this comes just because you in the moment, Take a breath in the moment and you in your feelings, man. That's why I'm like, damn, this is crazy. Either way, another internet moment, Cardi B speaks on politics. You, we know that She You know she she loves doing this.


This is what she been doing for years now. But Joe Biden dropped out of the presidential race. As we also know, after hearing the news, Cardi hopped on social media to remind people that she made this call weeks ago. She re posted a video speaking on Biden and Kamala Harris that she originally posted last month, June 30th. That's what she said. I personally just feel like he should just enjoy his life right now with his children, with his grandkids. You already made a legacy. You already became president. You ain't have to run for a second term. This should have been the perfect moment to give it to Kamala. Now she most likely gonna run for presidency in four years or in eight more years.


And it's going to be a little bit tougher for her. Biden right now is really moving like my Pappy, but it's like, come on, you're in your eighties. And I don't think he's healthy for being a eight, for being 80 years old because Patti LaBelle just turned 80 years old. And honey, she could sit me the down. But you could see the difference between Patti LaBelle and Joe Biden. They're not, they're not the same type Of 80 years old. Who is the DNC gonna have at the convention Ply or Cardi B? What you got your money on? Huh? Who's speaking? Hmm. I'll go Cardi, probably card, right? Okay. Yeah. I don't know, but her caption said, stop playing with me. Check the date said this on June 30th.


If I been told y'all Kamala should have been the 2024 candidate. Y'all be trying to play the Bronx Education, baby. This is what I do. Bend my passion. Don't let my accent fool y'all. So Cardi been into, like I said, Cari been, Cardi has been into politics and everything. So I I I like seeing a female rapper do that though. That's amazing. You Try on a clues bond for big Body. She has an opinion about it. You know and And I and that's also a big platform that she got You. know what I mean? So I, I think I love seeing her support Kamala and just You know another woman. That's just what the mess y my, I mean I just, Oh man, I'm just watching you thug it out.


Pregnant. That's all. When you go on maternity leave, I don't know when my water break. Damn. You gonna wait till the water break? Yeah. Okay. All right. That's it. All right, well thank you Jess. No problem. People's choice mixes up next. Get your request in it. The breakfast local Morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a salute. Angela Rod for checking in this morning. Flew To the good sister Angela Rod, me and Angela Rod, we doing some, we doing a couple TV appearances later the day together. I think we'll be on CNN later today. I don't like to say what show because You know things change. That's right. You know Breaking News happens and they be like, oh, well You know not doing y'all today, but whatever.


So we, we will be on something later today. But make sure you subscribe to Reason Choice Media's flagship podcast, the Native Land podcast with Angela r Andrew Gillum and Tiffany D. Cross. Okay. Okay. And then also Sabrina Greenleaf for joining us. Her book Grant Me Vision, A Journey of Family, faith and Forgiveness. Her book is out right now. Of course. That's the Andre Hopkins mom. What a story. And What a story. Very Sad. That's yeah. Yes. Anybody that's You know just going through something, man and You know, trying to figure out why certain things have happened to them in their life. I always remember a lot of things aren't happening to you. They're happening for you. And I, think Sabrina Greenlee You know Story is is one of those That's a great reminder of that.


Absolutely. All right, well when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ j Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. And for everybody out there in the Carolinas, Jess is not coming this week. No, I am not. Well not y'all, but I'm being rescheduled for a later date this year. I'm more than likely end of December. I mean end of November, early December. Cannot make it y'all. So I'm sorry about that. That, but y'all will receive Refunds. That baby is kicking Jess's ass. Okay. All yes, she is. She got two weeks left. All right before that baby is here.


Yeah. So Well it time to get up outta here. We got a positive note. I do. I just wanna remind people to go get my new book. Get Honest to that line. Why Small Talk sucks. Available everywhere you buy books now. Thank you to everybody who's been supporting it. And my positive notice simply this vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others. And always remember too, vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. B, but vision with Action can change. The World, have a blessed Day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all Done@public.com. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like.


Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers.


That's MITR e.org/careers. Ever tried to tackle a home improvement project without making 10 trips to Home Depot? What if I told you there's a way to earn cash back while you shop? Introducing Drop the Ultimate Rewards app with Drop. You can earn free gift cards by shopping in store or online at Home Depot and tons of other stores. Download the Drop app today and use Code Drop three three to get an instant $5 in points that's drop your Go-to for shopping rewards. I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline.


If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. Available to Players in the us excluding Washington, Michigan, no purchase necessary. BG by 18 plus condition Supply State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures the financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down, down right as I did with repairing my credit.


You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then You know, get my first apartment. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast Network.