
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing Massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee. A video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint Mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was keeping up by a drill curtail. When we step beyond the edge of what we know, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. In return, it's a miracle I was brought back alive again. A podcast about the strength of the human spirit. Listen to live again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Being able to say, I feel like crying, so I will cry. Today I'm a little depressed. May's Mental Health Awareness Month and deeply well is a sanctuary for your healing. I'm Debbie Brown, healer wellbeing expert, teacher and fellow seeker. And each week we explore what it means to become whole through soul expanding conversations and practices today. Wow. I feel really powerful. Yeah. And ready to serve and use my skills. And it's like that's the heart of what it is. To be an authentic woman. To hear this and more ways to prioritize your piece. Listen to Deeply Well from The Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


At and t connecting changes everything. Good morning. USA. Yo, yo, yo, yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The Guy. Peace to the Planet is Thursday. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning. What's happening? How you feeling? What's up, Jess? I feel good. How are you? I'm doing well, thank you. I'm doing well. You look nice today. Very like mission impossible, You know what I'm saying? Really, really cute. I really like this outfit. I'm not going to court. I know you waiting for me to say something else, but No, I really, nah, it's cute.


Nah, it's dope. It do like going to court outfit, like you testifying. No, I feel like, because Lauren goes to court all the time. Yeah. Like this is what, what y'all now classify these outfits like court outfits. No, I don't, nah. I would not go to court with, you know, a little high wasted miniskirt on. Now the top is cool, but if I had on some suit, pants and a blazer are cool. Okay. Look, class, I'm telling you, look classy Mission Impossible ish. Thank you so, so much. You about solve Tradit Mission Impossible ish part. She on a Mission. Mission. I, Hey, I feel you just going along with Little Red Riri. That's what you gotta do that. See, we all got that cousin that, you know, wear a helmet, you know what I'm saying? So you put the helmet on with him and Yeah. Whatever he said, it's okay. It's early in the morning. It's so we don't want have a episode.


Oh my goodness. Dang. Well, Keisha Cole will be joining us this morning, man. She's on tour the way it is. Tour. Do you be, can you believe that? Her debut album, this is the 20th year anniversary of her debut album. That's crazy. So she's on the 20th anniversary tour for that album. That, that's insane. So Love and what Changed? Changed? I changed my mind. I changed all Of them hits. Wow. 20 years old. 20 years. That's right. Yes. God, I can't believe it. Generations. Yeah. Yep. I was 13 And I was singing her songs. Like I knew I was in love. Like I had a, oh my gosh. I had like, she had a song for each and every relationship problem that you went through.


My favorite I is, I should have cheated and it one with Kanye. I don't love you no more. Crazy. Oh, I don't love You no more was Fire. That was the one. Nah, That was fire. That was fire. But I should have Cheated was The Jam. Well, she'll be joining us this morning, so we'll kick it with her. And you know, she's, her life has been so public. I know from the reality shows to Wow Emini here. She was a backup dancer and singer called Mc Hammer. I just want y'all to know Date. She was cool with pac. It's a lot. I should have cheated as an amazing song. But it is a red flag if a woman loves that song. If a woman says, that's my jam, but damn. And you just said that's your jam. I It was, it was. Okay. It was, but I'm, I'm in reform now. But yes, that used to be the anthem.


That's A red flag. My brothers okay. Yep. That's a red flag. Yeah. All right. Alright, well she's also performing. She got a tour that's going down, so she be hitting your city. So look, you can look that up. We'll give you the dates when she pops up in here. But let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. Morgan gonna be breaking everything down. You got any Keisha Cole this morning? Anything we get into? I know you got Keisha Cole. Keisha Cole ran radio for years. She'd be Like, Hey, all the time. That's the, you know, everybody got they own note. Oh, that's, she be like, Hey, We, she still look good too, by the way. I was like, yeah, She did. I ain't know she was that little, but yeah, she look good. She Real short. Man, if y'all gotta find keys, you called something wrong. Play the record man. We gotta pull it up.


Which one you playing? Oh, alright. Hey, This ain't from the first. This ain't from the first. It's a Kiko, it's b's, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake your ass up. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now. OKC beats Minnesota Timber Wolves last night. 1 24 94. They advance what a sorry ass showing by the Minnesota Timber. I am disappointed in Anthony. Yes. Emini here. What a, sorry, sorry, sorry. Ass showing. You know what Emini here, like you, you are a great, are supposed to be a great, you gotta show up. He didn't show up at all. Definitely didn't. Not even a little bit. Well, the OKC will probably be taking on my Knicks in a couple of games. And Nicks play tonight. They play Pace, pace lead the series three one.


Now I'm, and I'm not gonna lie, two seven, if I'm Adam s Silver in the NBAI am trying to r it to make the Knicks go to the finals because I don't wanna see no Indiana Pacers, Oklahoma City Finals. Okay, that's no disrespect to nobody in Indiana. That's all disrespect. RO kc. That's all disrespect, but that's like, that's gonna be like the COVID bubble. Dang. And it's great players on both teams by the way. Great young players on both teams. The Halliburtons and the Shy. But I'm just talking about market wise, you gotta find a way to get to New York. Knicks to the finals. Knicks gonna be there. Good morning, Morgan. Can't a case for nobody. Hey, hey. Front page news. Somebody gotta do it. We're moving on. What you talking about? Hey. Alright cha. So let's get into it. Yeah. First on the front page. Yeah, that was a sorry game.


Sorry. But moving on. So Elon Musk says he's leaving Doge, he posted on X that his time as a special government employee comes to an end and he'd like to bring thank President Trump for the opportunity to reduce wasteful spending. Now Musk helped the lead the Department of Government efficiency since it was established in January. And he concluded his post saying the doe's mission will only strengthen over time as it becomes a way of life throughout the government. Now, as a special government employee, Musk was allowed to work for the administration for hundred and 30 days in a calendar year. And of course, like he mentioned, that time is now in a stark contrast. As I mentioned yesterday, Musk said he's disappointed in President Trump so-called big beautiful Bill in a preview of an interview that's set to air this weekend on CBS Sunday morning.


Now he criticized the bill saying it undermines the work that the Doge team is doing. And he also says he's not sure if a bill can be big and beautiful at the same time. He's right. So this, yeah, so this comes as Tesla investors are demanding Musk work 40 hours a week at the company after steep declines in sales. A group of pension fund leaders claim Tesla's stock price volatility is volatile and declining in sales. And other dis disconcerting reports are cause for serious concern. Now, the issues with the company is facing as a direct, they believe that it's a direct result of Musk roll it at Doge now.


No word. Yeah. And I, I wonder if Tesla can bounce back or has Elon done irreparable damage to the, the, the Tesla brand? I wonder The next thing I was gonna say, we'll see if Tesla can recover now that Musk is no longer a special government employee and whether or not he'll take on that 40 hour work week. Go ahead. Yeah, No, I was gonna say I don't, I don't think it, it is repairable right now. I I think it's gonna be where it is And I don't think people want to drive Tesla. Like I have a Tesla And I have to think about where I'm driving to because I know if I drive to certain places, I know somebody might put some dope issue on my, my car or, or spit on my car because people just don't like anything Elon Musk right now. So Yeah, because all Elon did was come in fire a bunch of people who shouldn't have been fired. He's the reason there's not enough air traffic controllers at the airport, you know, right now.


And you know, you can't just FF things up and then leave. So if I gotta think about where I wanna drive my car, you know what's gonna make me do it? Get rid of that car, I drive it. Right. Speaking of effing things up and leaving no p President Trump says he will con, he will, oh actually let's get into the pardoning. He's on a pardoning run. He pardoned rapper NBA young boy following fraud charges and signed pardons for a variety of people on Tuesday, including New York. Representative Michael Grim reality TV stars, Todd and Julie Chrisley and a White House official also announced that the POTUS signed off on a commutation of Larry Hoover's sentence of six life terms. Now Hoover was a Chicago street gang leader and the co-founder of Gangster Disciples. It's unclear on how soon he will be released from federal custody, but he still faces the remainder of his 200 year sentence in Illinois for the 1973 murder.


And I'm gonna tell you something, man, I always knew people didn't read, but yesterday just proved to me how much people didn't read the amount of people that I thought was smart and intelligent who got online and said, started saying, welcome home Larry Hoover, you deserve to be released, blah, blah, blah. Y'all just did not read the fine print. No. Because yes, he got a commutation. You, you know the difference between a commutation and a pardon, right. Morgan? What is it? Yeah. So, okay, so the commutation basically means that his sentence is, is reduced, essentially reduced or revoked or, but the pardon means that it's, it's completely erased that basically that nothing ever existed essentially. But the commutation, it means it's still on the record, but they've, they've essentially like reduced it or Yeah.


Reduced it to Your Yeah. And that's, and that's on the federal level. But he still has like a 200 year state sentence. Yes. For a 1973 murder. Yes, it is true. But for reason, it's like nobody read that part. No. It's like they just read headlines Black yesterday May maybe not even President Trump because what? Why like, okay. But yeah, that's your pro page news for six. It continues at seven and we will get into crypto and as you mentioned, envy the transportation and what's going on with the airports. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo Sha man. Evie, what up are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here and tell you what, it's, we lied. Hello, who's this? Good morning. This is Nikki calling from Florida, the og Jess fan. What's up? How Are y'all doing this morning? Get it off your chest, baby. I have to tell Jess she gotta chill out. She hit that high note. I'm trying to go downstairs ready And I my ass Girl.


I said no because that's the note that I be hitting too. That's the note that I Know that is Know when it's coming up. You get that roll up and you build it up. Get it again Jeff. Hey, That's What I'm talking about y'all. I was just calling because this heavy week. Y'all have a good day Girl. Thank you. Hello. Who's this? Well, good morning Breakfast Club Ja from Indy. Ja From Indy. How are you? Ja. From Indy. I don't wanna talk to you today. Ja, Well I'm very well thank you guys for asking and it's interesting that you would say that DJ Iny Nixon seven. Why don't you Want to talk to me? Nixon seven Ja from Indiana. Oh, Indiana. I thought he said this is Ja from India. I'm like, you cannot be racist. That's crazy.


But Indiana. Oh my. Oh my God. Ha. Sorry. All right, so lemme get this top of my chest real quick. Please come to work tomorrow. That's how I ask DJ and B To work. Ja, I'll be here tomorrow at work. I think the Nick's gonna win tonight. I do. I think, I think his pace is in sixth, but I think the Knick's gonna win tonight. No, but make me watch his game. I know y'all don't mean that. So good luck tonight dj. And if you don't come to work tomorrow, we understand who's on white eye tonight. And good luck with That. Goodbye Jay. Damn. How you gonna say good luck at the end of that? Hello? Who's this? Hey, How you doing this wing? How y'all guys doing? Jess? Jess, how y'all doing? Peace Cam. Wayne. What's up babe? What's up? Yeah, just call to get a couple things. Just get really one big thing off my chest.


Like what do you do when you have, I have a child that has a, a real rare disease called Sanfilippo syndrome. It gets misdiagnosed as autism and it like, you know, debilitates your kid, it messes up his body. But like sugar deposit is a rare genetic disease. Hmm. And my part is I work hard to, to give my kids everything. And what do you do when you give your kids everything and still something happens? Like, who do you get mad at? Like, yeah, You can't get mad at anybody, brother. Yeah, I don't think, I don't think you get mad at nobody. Especially if you a man of faith Emini here. That's right. If you, if you believe in a higher power, if you believe in God, then you just gotta know it's all part of whatever process, you know, God wants to show you and, and, and your child.


I don't, I don't think there's nobody to get mad at in that situation, my brother. But Sometimes I know it's okay to be, it's okay to be upset too, you know, but it don't have to be placed on nobody. It gets hard and it's frustrating. But Definitely please don't take it out on that child because some things it's outta your control. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Definitely Emini here. He's, he, he's my biggest motivation. Okay, good. He Is. And keeps a smile on his face. But it's just hard. I started a new job and it's like I had to get off the road so I could be close to home and like, you know, with his medical bills, everything piles up crazy. And it's just, it's like I, I try to do everything with no help, you know? But you know, a parent father just try to do everything. You said something that's real just now. You said he's your motivation, man. So just think about that, think about the sense of purpose that, you know, raising, raising your son with that condition gives you, it's a son, right?


Yeah. It's Your son. Yeah, it's my son. He's seven years old Where y'all from? Think about the purpose he gives you, man From Pennsylvania, from Bethlehem. And you know, I, I'm trying to start a fumy for him, but I Emini here. It's, it's rough. Emini here. Emini here. I don I don't know if I can put that his cash app out or something. I'm Yeah, gimme his cash app. Absolutely. Emini here. That's the, that's the least, that's the least any of us can do My brotherly, you know what I'm saying? His, so his his cash app is Jojo Dola San Jojo nine two zero one seven his birthday. Mm. Is it will blanding his picture up there. Oh yeah. Will Bland, he his picked up there. Will Blanding. Yeah, you'll see my son's picture up there in the hospital.


But is that the name? Will Blanding? Yeah. Yeah. Correct. Okay. All right my brother, I'm gonna send a little something right now after the least I can Absolutely. And hold up. We'll put you on hold too bro. Alright, thanks man. Alright. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent and you can hit us up, call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Hi, good morning, it's Nick from Brooklyn.


Nick from Brooklyn. What's up? Get off your chest, Nick. Hey, I just wanna to spend some positivity and say what's up guys. It's been a long time listener. Just wanted to say I appreciate everything you guys do. Okay, Nick. Well, thank you for listening. No problem. You have a great day guys, Too. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Hey, good morning. Good morning. Hi, this is Cassandra from New Jersey. Cassandra And I need for, hey, And I need for us Attorney Heida. We call her Hannah Montana. I need for her to move Congress Mc Ivers, Kate from out of North and to Camden or Trenton because Paul, who is the former US attorney in that building know every judge.


We know every prosecutor. Keith Lamonica MCs attorney, which we know she can't afford him. So Cassandra, we have no idea what you're talking about. Cassandra. Cassandra, we have no idea. You're about talking About she, you know why, you know what we talking about? No, I know what I'm talking about. Because you had last Baraka up there last week. Yes. And was talking about him being detained. Yes. Congress la Mc is the congresswoman. Oh, oh, oh, yes. You I didn't hear the name. Got you. Absolutely. Absolutely. Congress La Mc. She's the one that's accused of assaulting the federal marsh. Yes, absolutely. Now to be the council president for North. And she could put residents out and have us report it out by the police just for verbally about expressing our opinion, just for talking out loud.


So consequences need to be had for her, need to be made to be revived, go to jail or get probation. Now Cas that case has to be moved out of North. Now Cassandra, I will say two things can be true, but you know, I, I'm, I'm not aware of what you're saying in regards to what Lamonica has done to the residents in Newark. But Lamonica should not be getting charged with s assault against one of those ice agents right now, currently. That's like we all saw the video, there was no assault there. We all saw the video. We saw how she's locking her arms around Ms. Watson locking her arms around Mr. Baraka. Why did she not let Mr. Baraka who understands that he is not to try to fight with the police. He was going to be exported.


He has his details there. Nobody was gonna bother him. He's a mayor. They were going to take care of him. Why did she behave like that? She don't even let you behave like that. When she was the council president in her chambers, she would not allow that. Mm. She had, she had a lady right down. Colleen Fields is banned from coming to the council meeting for the whole year because she said, made a comment that accomplished Lamar could make either when she was the president, council president didn't like, she's banned for a whole year for those consequences for us just talking out loud. Mm, I understand. I get it. I get what you're saying. So what do you, so, so what, so you want her to be moved to Camden because you think that I was, you, you, you think Newark system is going to look out for her or something?


What you saying? Yes. Yes. Because Paul Fishman was the US attorney under the Obama administration. Paul was there for like eight years. Gotcha. He, He, he was their boss in that building. Okay, Well if Lamonica ever comes up here, we'll, we'll we, we gonna save this call and play it back for her. 'cause I would like to hear her opinion on what you just said. I don't Emini here. I don't know anything about it. Absolutely. Hello, who's this? Yo, this the Dolton Philly. What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Yo, where's Jess at? Right Here. What's up? Yo, I love you Jess. Yo, you are a real one. You keep it as real. Try to get, I Just say stay so cool. We got this. Yo, don't worry about that CJ for too. Y'all have a good day.


I love you Jesse, about Cole. I love you too. Thank you babe. Alright. Speak up for what, what you do? I didn't do anything. Oh, Okay. I don't just, just speak up. Just be like, hey, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And Keisha Cole will be joining us next hour. But coming up next, we got the latest with Lauren. We'll be talking about Lauren. We do, Stefan Digs is in trouble. Him and Cardi B, they started some trouble. He should not be in trouble. That is the most three thirstiest clown groupie crap I ever seen in my life. Oh, It's not for that. It's for the Altoids. Oh my God. For The Altoids. I think it was Altoids. And that's my story. I'm s ticking with it. You didn't see the videos?


No. We gonna get into it in the latest. Alright people, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's Djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming the street back. She gets from somebody that know somebody well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the, the latest with Lauren la Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. Okay guys. So before we get into Stefan Diggs Envy, I know we talked about this yesterday, we wanted to take a minute to just send a, a rest in peace to, I wanna make sure I get his name right.


Is it Sasha Jenkins? Sasha Jenkins. So Sasha Jenkins. I'm reading a, a Post from Essence. When I saw this last week, I thought that this one was the most, most endearing of his legacy. Hold on, slow down. You wanna talk a bit about Sasha Jenkins? While this is loading, I really don't know much about the brother. I know that we, he, he was up here at one time. I think he was gonna do the, The Breakfast Club doc at one time. He's, he's done documentaries. He's done Wu-Tang documentaries. He's a journalist. He's written for so many magazines and publications. He was just a good brother, good brother in hip hop and just wanted to send a rest in peace. In peace to his family. Yes, Absolutely. Yes. And Essence, I did a whole piece on him that I'm so mad it's not coming up right now because they took a time, they took time to dive into his pen and why his pen was so important.


And I, and for me today as a journalist, I think that a lot of people don't understand when people talk about the pen of a journalist, especially in hip hop, why that even matters. And to be when, when, when, when something happens or even before something happens, to have people speak about you in a way where it's like your storytelling changed lives. That's right. That it's really hard to be impactful in that space. So I thought Essence shout out to them, did a really good job of like capturing his life, everything that he had done, how his influence came in. So That's right. Yeah. Just wanted to, He did some amazing documentaries with, with with Mass Appeal as well, with Master Appeal. One of the documentaries I really liked from him, I don't even know if this was Mass Appeal, but he did the Wu-Tang Clan of Mikes and Men documentary. Yeah. That came out in 2019. But a lot of times we, we talk about the artists or, or we talk about the people that we see, but sometimes it's the people that it's behind the scenes that's really the architect and all that.


So recipes to that brother. Yeah. And that's what Emini here. 'cause it's, it's tough as a journalist who's actually a writer and you're not like the oh, like people think you gotta be on camera, you gotta be loud. You gotta be seen to make impact the way he did through what he did coming from the time period that he came from. And still have people want to take the time to talk about how amazing he was. Yeah. So make sure y'all go check that out. I'm sorry that it's not coming up right now, but Essence did an amazing breakdown of his career and his legacy. But as we move on into other news, Stefan Diggs. So we had talked a bit about, you know, in the tease about Stefan Diggs being in some trouble right now. But the three was Yes. Yes girl. It was like 20 girls on that boat. But I seen the three Yes. In the video. Yeah. So there are videos circulating from over Memorial Day weekend of Stefan Digs and Cardi B on a boat in Miami having a good time.


Now the, the issue that honestly, in my opinion, the internet created was that at one point, you see Stefan digs with these three with three women. Cardi B is not in the video. And he opens up what looks like an Altoid case and he hands whatever is in the Altoid case, he hands it to these women. And then, you know, they go off and do whatever they do. So this sparked And I think think it's, it's the time period right now and of like, you know, you have so many different things going on. You have this the Diddy conversation and the pink cocaine conversation. Yeah. And we don't know what was in that case. We don't even know if there's an investigation into it. Honestly. We do know that his team has seen it and that they've had conversations. This probably won't help but go ahead. Nothing is at this point, ESPN, everybody is covering this in a way that is like, okay, here's what people are singing and here's what people are thinking.


But his head coach, Mike Ver Abel, actually had to comment on it prior to one of their, their workouts. Let's take a listen. A video of Stefon Diggs has gotten a lot of traction in the last 24 hours or so. He's on a boat having a good time. But the question comes in as to a certain substance that people are guessing what is and is. Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features.


Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the B premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bow and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful.


My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org. What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti-tank mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was kidnapped by a drug cartel. I just remember everything getting dark. I'm dying When we step beyond the edge of what we know to Open our consciousness to something more than just what's in that western box.


And Return. I clinically died. The Heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. My name is Dan Bush. My mission is simple to find, explore, and share these stories. I'm not a victim, I'm a survivor. You're strongest when you're the most vulnerable to Remind us what it means to be alive. Not just that I was the guy that cut his arm, but I'm the guy who is smiling when he cut his arm Off Alive. Again. A podcast about the fragility of life, the strength of the human spirit, and what it means to truly live. Listen to Alive again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network, hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck.


This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and meat eater founder Steven Ronella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the Ice Age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, you Know, so join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today.


Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And is this something that the team has to look into? Well, it's something that we're aware of and obviously we wanna make great decisions on and off the field. And we're hoping that with our time here on the field today, and that when we don't have a script and we're on the call periods, that we're making great decisions. And so the message will be the same for all our players that were, were trying to make great decisions. And any conversations that I've had with Stefan will remain between him And I and the club. How do you even Figure out what the substance Was though? That's, and that's my point. They, they went to the worst isn't a little substance. Maybe they breath was hot and he was giving 'em mouth choice.


Yeah. People instantly, John Real, they was trying to ease up, you know, real close though. They didn't even ease. They was close. They was all in it. And I thought at first that was, as soon as I saw the video, I didn't even peep the whole little case thing. I just saw the girls And I, but I knew Cardi was on the boat. Yeah. And I'm like, people gonna have an issue with the fact that these girls are so close and he's with Cardi down and blah, blah, blah. Well, what was the one that eased in between his legs a little bit? He moved. Yeah, he moved her at the end Wasn car on the boat too. Yes, yes, yes. And it was a lot. Was she, was she driving the boat? What was she doing? Was she steering? Like where was she at? I don't know where she was at that moment. But there's other videos of the boat where you see there's a ton of other women and there's They did, it was a huge party. So whatever was happening there with him as far as like the women just being there, she was there as well too.


Cardi B was there as well too. So she has to be okay with, I Saw a video of Cardi on a boat with a bunch of women and getting LA It was the same boat. Boat. That's what I'm saying. They were having a good they together. But by the way, Alto cases are very distinctive. Like, you know, a Altoid case, when you see an i it looked like an Alto case. That's, I said that it looks look like you can't really see the top, but the way he had, you know, you got Papa Alto case open a certain way that it was given that it looks Just like an Alto case. Yeah. And ESPN as of today has said that the, the NFL has declined to comment so far. But I think that this is just, I let not say what I think. Yeah. What do you think? I don think they're just trying to mess with him. I'm, I think is, is is, you know, they're making it bigger. The internet made it bigger than what it is.


You know, that's just what it is. Even the whole thing about the women, I don't think he did anything. Like I said, they were the three thirstiest women I've ever seen. But if Cardi was okay with it, she was at the front of the boat getting lap dances. He was in in the back. He wasn't even getting a lap dance. I just know, I seen shorty moving up, you know, in between his legs and he kindly pushed her away. Yes. Now I wanna make mention cin. Congratulations to Dawn Sally. Hey. Hey. Who has the number two book in the country right now behind Jake Tappers? What's the title? Jake Tapper's book Love Original Sin. That Original Sin. That's the one about Biden in the whole alleged coverup of his health and all that stuff. Correct. Right. I finished that over the weekend. But forget all that. Don Stanley uncommon favor. Yes.


Okay. Basketball. No. A Philly, my my mother and the life lessons I learned from all three is the number two book in the country. Love on the New York Times Best Seller list. Drop one. The Clues Bombs for Don Sta man. Yes. Congratulations to Don Stanley. And you are wearing the merch. You wearing it down. I love that. Well, I support my people. I know, I love it. The book came out on my book. I print black Fri re show, which Simon and Schuster. So Yes, absolutely. Don Show them your beads. Show 'em my beads. Yes. Oh, well, yeah. This is all part of a, a package Don sent out. So it's like a beads that have my name on it because you know, Don wears the beads. She loves The beads. Yeah. And I have her merch with, with her child picture on the front. Dope, dope, dope. Yeah. Salute to Don Stanley. Man. She is a icon living a legend of all legends. And you know, the beautiful thing about books is like you realize like, you know why you've gone through every experience you've gone through in your life because those become the chapters of your book.


So when you share that with The World and you know, it ends up being a, a bestseller. That's right. Yes. Number two, selling book in the country. New York Times bestsellers list. Hey man, that's all God. So salute to doted S Yes. In her book, if you guys are not Aware, it talks about her impressive basketball career playing for the University of Virginia, winning three Olympic gold medals and solidifying herself as a key figure in the early years of the WNBA. So make sure you guys check out that book. And I do wanna correct myself. It's Ebony Magazine who did the Sasha Jenkins writeup that I really enjoyed, and they talk about his pen touching vibe, double XL Rolling Stone and beyond his di his directorial work with Wu-Tang of Mikes and Men. He did Louis Armstrong's Black and Blues all up in the biz.


They do a really great breakdown. So if you guys are not familiar with this journalist Emini here, I'm, it's it's sad that you're getting to know him now, but please take a look at this Ebony magazine writeup. It was a great writeup that they did to honor him. So send in another rest in piece to him. Absolutely. And some cover to his family. All Right, well that's the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Keisha Cole will be joining us. And also today we do just fix my mess. Absolutely. So if you wanna get on the phone lines right now, we can do that to, sorry. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is the dj. NV Jess, hilarious Charlamagne new guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now, some quick sports last night.


OKC beat the Timberwolves 1 24 94. And tonight the Knicks take on the paces at 8:00 PM the pace of lead, the series three one. But don't worry, it's the K Nixon seven. All right, what's up Morgan? Alright child, let's get back into it. Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy says, allocation for the FAA in the house approved spending package will not be enough. He said it won't be enough to support needed upgrades to air traffic operations. Now Duffy has repeatedly said, low staffing numbers and outdated technology are the root of various incidents that require significant funding. Now speaking to reporters, Duffy said, we're going to need to fully fund the project and add it that we need it all upfront.


And that's a big ask for Congress to give the money all upfront for, for that which is necessary. But we're going to, he's basically saying they're gonna need all the money up front in order for this project. The overhaul of the a TC systems to be successful. Now Duffy's Overhaul is expected to include brand new telecom, radar and radio equipment as well as updates to front and back ends of the air traffic control system. Now with this, Duffy also provided an update on problems at Newark Liberty International Airport. Let's take a listen to those comments. This is a safe system and there's redundancies. But again, I'm, I'm concerned that we we could have more of Newarks. This truly is a moment to look at what kind of system we're using, what kind of equipment we use, what kind of telecom we use.


And it's a call to action to make sure we build a brand new air traffic control system. Here's what I don't understand. We know this bill, you know, provides a lot of tax cuts for the rich. Yes. Don't the rich fly? Like don't don't people in congress fly? Like what would be the holdup, what would be keeping you from making sure air traffic control gets the money it needs for upgrades? You don't need, the penny doesn't make sense when it comes to that. Like even if you fly private, you are still impacted by the lack of FAA traffic controllers. And, and Right. And like I said, people in congress fly. So what would be the holdup? Like what, why wouldn't you just make sure they got all the money they need to get the upgrades for air traffic operation? You're, that is a, that is an amazing question. And you're right.


Just even if you do fly private, you still are subject to, you know, certain rules and regulations in terms of, of air traffic controllers, Emini here, you're, they're definitely necessary and need to be used in that regard. So you're right. Geez, I I don't know but to, but Duffy does say that fa a's TRACON facility in Philadelphia is the one that oversees the Newark airspace, it will get 16 more air traffic controllers by the fall. That number is currently working out of tracon after five controllers took mental health leave last month saying they were traumatized by the recent events of that going dark. The 90 seconds of the communication systems going dark Emini here. I that's a lot of pressure. Yeah. They, they, they said they don't want be responsible for, you know Yeah, of course people getting killed and, and something that McDuffy said just now that's very important.


He or Duffy said that's very important. He said he don't want more Newarks, so you may not be paying attention to it now 'cause it's just Newark. Right. What about when it's the airport in your area? Well, I sp I spoke about that yesterday saying that there are three airports in Texas alone, I believe Austin, Houston and the, I'm thinking San Antonio that are also dealing with shortages in air traffic control systems. So, you know, it's one of those situations, it's sad, but hopefully, you know, you're proactive on this situation as opposed to reactive and, you know, reactive means that something has happened. So yeah, to your point, Charlamagne it is, it is a matter of like getting it done and figuring out Congress holds the purse and is this something that is important enough for Congress to go ahead and, and make a move.


But Duffy is asking Congress for billions of dollars to gut aging airport infrastructure around the country and rebuild from scratch And Congress flies. That's, that's what's so mind boggling to me. It's just like, why are we just sitting around waiting for something Terrible to happen? Why is DCA at that into dca? That's right. Where there already been situations. So yeah, Congress, go ahead. You know what I'm saying? Matter of fact, I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come up there and talk to y'all next week when recess over And Morgan tell us about what's going on with the Black Information Network. Oh my gosh. Such an amazing thing. So the Obama Foundation is a nonprofit collaborator of the Black Information Network. And yesterday the BIN announced a multi-year collaboration with the Obama Foundation. So the two will work to advance community engagement, especially among youth by providing and promoting civic participation, spotlighting community leaders and amplifying powerful stories of change.


All this as the Obama Presidential Center is set to open in Chicago on the south side in 2026. So we will bring you the stories as that develops. I spoke exclusively with the Black Information Information Network president Tony Coles, about this collaboration ahead of the announcement. And here's what he had to say, it's Tony Coles. We really feel that this collaboration gives us an opportunity to, to tell the stories of great things that are happening in communities all across America. And certainly things that are happening in Chicago as the presidential center is being built and will be opened up in 2026. It's just, it's, there's, there's a wealth of, of storytelling that we're looking forward to sharing.


So we talking about from the contracts to the people who get the jobs, to the people who are a part of these who, who get the, to the people who get the jobs, to the contracts, to the people who it impacts in the neighborhood. And of course there are initiatives like My Brother's Keeper Alliance, the Leaders Program, girls Opportunity Alliance, Obama Foundation Scholars, all of these, they, we aim to support the next generation and continue the BIM commitment to providing nonpartisan fact-based news that uplifts our communities. And hopefully, you know, I'm, I'm hoping that it creates also a like direct pathway with Obama and you know, his people as well. And so that's a really exciting partnership or collaboration rather that is happening with the Black Information Network and the Obama Foundation.


Dope. Now I wanna pose a question to you guys, if possible. Do you think something like this, like developments like this, these multi-use spaces, especially in the south side of Chicago, like the Presidential Center could influence like a new age Harlem style Harlem Renaissance, but like maybe in the shy Emini, here we are entering in the late twenties and thirties and that's when the Harlem Renaissance happen. So do you think something like this could influence that type of movement? Yes, and, and it is more important now than ever because I feel like a lot of the education that is going to happen for this next generation is gonna come through the arts. Like when you think about, you know, how they're stripping away, you know, black history just damn near everywhere and you know, they're banning certain books everywhere. Like I feel like the arts is where people are going to learn, you know, just a lot about our history and just American history in general, world history in general.


So yes, I do think that these centers are gonna play a amazing role in, in some type of new renaissance. I definitely look forward to it as well. Well that's your front page news. Y'all could follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network, you see we doing our big one over here. Download the pre iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all. Thanks Morgan Drive. Morgan. All right, when we come back, Keisha Cole will be joining us so don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's the EJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura La Rosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building.


Yes indeed. Keisha Cole. Welcome. Hi, how you doing? It's Been a long time. How you feeling? How's everything? It's been a very long time. It's been probably over what, seven years or something like that? I think so. Damn years Long time. I just, I'm bugging that this is the 20th anniversary of your debut album. Yes. Like God, 20 years flying By. It is a long time. How Does it feel when you think back? Think about that. I'm still processing it. Emini here. I'm happy that we're able to do a tour, 20th year anniversary tour. It is more insane because Emini here, Emini here. It's a great album. So yeah, I'm appreciative of the fans and them supporting. So What do you remember about yourself 20 years ago? Woo. The woman you were 20 years ago Wrecking rooms.


Boy you was A hood Dash TV toys Baby. Just, just fighting. Just crazy. Just insane. But I learned a lot so it's all good. Y'all miss the Keisha Keisha, the Keisha Remy ma era. That was a crazy era. That Was, that was, that was, that was stamping in the steel toes. Jesus. For sure. I'm just thinking, I'm thinking back like wow, just imagine if there was like heavy social media back then. Oh thank God. No Heavy phones back then. Yeah, I think soon as I actually was pregnant when, when Twitter first started and Monica was trying to get me on Twitter and she was on Twitter And I just, I didn't like it. I just like everybody just, they was talking, you know, I'm like okay, I spelled one word wrong once.


It was like it not my type of t but yeah, it's been, it's been a minute, 20 years long time. And she was just telling me she wanted a little girl. She ready for a little girl now I am ready for a little girl. You wanna start over if God yes. For the rest of my life. Yep. That would be awesome. That would be awesome. Emini here, you know when you accomplished so many things and you set so many goals for yourself and imagine accomplishing those goals, all the goals that you set for yourself. Like I always wanted to headline my own arena tour. I'm pretty sure I said that when I came up here maybe 10 years ago. And I here just like I'm on my second one now for my first album. That is just insane to me just to kind of process that.


But Emini here, I think setting new goals and just wanting new things in my life, I think a girl would be one of them. Yeah. Because this version of Keisha would be better for sure. For a girl. Yeah. And a husband. And a husband, yeah. Because the old one was not taking it, not having it. No actually you got to go I think. Yeah, we came up here one time. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So, Yep. So that one's the thing. But yeah, like you know, I think this version would be better for, Yeah, I think the beauty of you though, Keisha, is that you did grow, at least to me on your own terms, good, bad, ugly, you grew on your own terms and a lot of people don't get get, get that opportunity really?


I don't think so. No. Especially in music because like, like you grew, you grew out loud. Oh Yeah, for Sure. You in front of people. You know what Emini here, like some people gotta, it's an image that they gotta maintain so they don't ever get to do that. And then you know, they end up flapping somebody on stage and you was like, damn, I didn't even know that was You was brewing in there like that. Nobody knew that anger was there. Shout out to Will. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that I thought that was stage. No. Okay, so boom. I don't know. 'cause that's what they show on tv. They say that it would happen before or something. What the heck was that? But I like, yeah, my son too. I was like, I never seen my, my oldest son, he's angry at all ever. Wow. Like, And I'm scared about that. Like, I'm like, where is it coming?


When is it coming? Because I've never seen him yell, get loud argue. I'm like never seen him. So that would be scary. But no I have, I have, I have lived my life in front of everybody. I don't, yeah. I just never had a problem with It. You, you said you've never seen your son yell a scream, but that says a lot about the environment you raised him in. Yeah, maybe we just used to that 'cause that's how we came up. We think that's what normal's supposed to be. Oh yeah. No, but I don't know. 'cause my little one, he cuts everybody out. Okay, so you just got the good balance. Yeah, that one is gonna give me all, hell that broke loose with me. I, I hope, I pray not but it looks as if so 'cause he don't take no sh Yeah at All.


Like he'd be capping on his brother like for real big back and all. Bang Says back to his brother. Yeah. What his brother do? Tobias. That's not nice. Tobias. So one is MLK and one is Malcolm X. Oh man. Yeah. Yeah. Very much so. Aw, it's bad. Did you call your son a big back? Is he a No, his brother. Brother. His brother, her little son. DJs dad and grandfather, they're 6 2, 6 9. His, you know his grandmother's tall, all of them. So DJ's big. He's like, he's a big guy but Not, not Fat. No, he's not fat but he's a big dude.


Like he play football like athlete. We don't, we call him, we don't call him big backs, we call, But Tobias does. But as a Kid you call everybody big bags to he got it wrong. You, you gotta teach 'em. Look, I tell him all the time, that's not cool. Dip Show tell to teach him. No, you teach him. When it's obese people that walk by, that's when you use No, that is not when you use the term. No tell use the term. Tell me where Tobias got that from. I don't know. Oh, big back. Well you know TikTok the big back YouTube, but it started from Lenar. No, Yeah, you definitely, you and Reese T Oh you saw him Right there? No. Yeah. That ain't, you made it a little bigger.


No, I didn't Definitely. No I didn't. No I didn't. But Keisha, what I've always loved about you Buddy is you've always been relatable with your music and, and even like showing your life on TV with your family and everything like that is, was there ever a point that you said that you regretted doing that Hell too real putting it up? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. When everything started going, can I say that? Yes. Yes. Okay, thank you. Because yeah, when everything started, like when nobody was getting better, I feel like that was the goal for the show. And I remember talking to Mimi Valez about this, she was the editor of Vibe Magazine And I was like, I don't know if I should do it. She said, well, what is your purpose of doing it?


And I said, well, I wanna show the girls out there where I come from and me being able to make it out the the hood and like, really put that work in. She said, well show that and make sure that the focus is always that. And when it was like coming became a point of like unhealthy invi, just like really unhealthy. Well, my mom was showing up and it was like, bro, we cannot film today, bro. Like, that's not cool. Like, I'm not doing this. We gotta stop this. And everybody was like really pissed at me. Okay. Because it was a lot of money on the table. Yeah. And I didn't care about that. Like, it was like, no, every, we need to get some, seek some counseling, get some, you know, put my mom in the program. And she was like, Keisha, that's just, it's just not what I want, babe.


Mm. Like I'm happy with my life the way I am. And I was, she's like, stop spending your money. It's no need to do that. I don't want it. And I was like, I just, it was just a point where I was just like, okay, well it ain't no reason to keep continuing. They know we living. Yeah. You know what Emini here, like, and I'm not showing anything that's growing people anymore. So I prefer to not do that. How hard. Oh, I respect that. Yeah. Yeah. How hard was it to, for you to hear that from your mom and accept that like that, that she wanted to live her life on her turn? Well, I just was like, you don't, you sure you don't think it's anything we could do? You know, like maybe we could try. And she just was like, no, I just prefer, it was like maybe a year before she passed actually.


And she came out there and she actually told me not to put her in a program. 'cause she had Obamacare. That's crazy. And she wanted to use her medical or whatever to go into a program. And I was like, okay, well that's what you wanna do, you know? And she told me, she pulled it aside. She said, you know, Keisha, you never made me feel unloved. You never judged me. You never cursed at me. You never put your hands on me. She said, God is gonna bless you for that. And I'm like, ma, like come on. She said, no. And I'm, I just, I'm just telling you like, you know, And I know I wanna do things the way I wanna do 'em, man. And but you going, you gonna be all right.


And I'm just like, this is just like, I just can't take this bro. Like, come on. Like sure. There's nothing we could do. Yeah. Like, I'm thinking there's something we could do. But a year later We're still kicking in with Keisha Cole. Now I wanna talk about the verses you did with Ashanti. Was there a tension between y'all two? No. And in addition to that, I'm so mad I had got COVID 'cause I was ready to just, I was so mad and no. So that's what you was mad about having COVID? I was mad that I had COVID in addition to the fact that it, my mic wasn't working. Yeah. And I was like, get my mic. Right. Don't do that to me. I don't know what, who's in cahoots in here, but John, I about to sabotage my stuff. So that was a, that was a, but it, it came off as like I was being unappreciative of the moment, which I wasn't, because I was so excited about that moment.


And I Emini here to be up there with such a beautiful like, artist. Like Ashanti, like, I came up on Ashanti, like, that's so fire. So Nah. Never. And I hate that people took it that way. Yeah. Nah, There was some people who thought that was stage two though. 'cause they think that that's like your persona, like a character. You portray That what? Like Always with the drama. Always angry. Damn. That's a misperception. I think it was too when, during the verses when it was the thing about whose turn it was, people were like, they, I think, I don't know if she was reminding you, it was her turn. You was reminding her, it was your turn. People was like, all right, they doing this to play into the whole Wait, what? Well, and during the verses, I think it was Ashanti was telling you that it was her turn.


You were about to play another song. But I think you were just excited to play the other song. You don't remember this really? Yes. But people grabbed that online too. And they were like, this is them playing into the whole, like Keisha Cole do her thing. Her her little one too. Oh no, man, that's too bad. I hate that. I hate that. But Emini here, shout out to Ashanti. 'cause Emini here. She's amazing. So yeah, Emini here just to be up on that platform with Ashanti. I appreciate that. Did y'all talk after that? No. Okay. No. She got a baby. Yeah. She pregnant again? Yes. Woo. Congratulations. Right when you start trusting love again or have you every time. Heartbreak. So yeah.


Wow. What's your love like, like today? Oh, well, you know, I asking just with the mess. Are you, are you single are Yes. Or is it complicated? No, it's not complicated at all. It's very much given single. Okay. Are you dating? I haven't decided to date again. Not yet. I, I, I take compliments. Thank you. The way you answered that. Thank you for that. And then, no, but am I ready to move on? No, I still got the tattoo here, so I can't like, I feel like until when I, if I don know. So you love fast though and hard. Wow. That's really, how do you know that? Ju I don No, no, no. I didn't even know. You don't know her coming from him.


I think you coming from Angie Martinez sitting over there fixing the, the the, you love fast somebody. That's what you picked up over all these years even. No, I've seen you and you, you seem like you in love fast. Like, you love, love. There's nothing wrong with that. I think he means, like, you, you're, you're, you're locked into the love. Like you, you are loyal to, I don know how long she known these people before. Loves love. Ain't nothing wrong with that. No. When you see it on Instagram, you see that you think I'm in love fast then, but there's definitely something built before I just, yeah. Before I just post somebody. Like I'm not just But you love, love. I definitely love, love for sure. Like, I'm, I'm a lover girl for sure.


But, and you haven't given up on that? I hope not. Yeah. Okay. But right now I'm not. I'm not. And I'm like, have you ever felt like, why do I feel like this? And I just don't. I like, I can't act on it right now. Like, I just can't. It's like I'm going with the flow of whatever that feels like. I'm not, I'm not doing too much calling. It is not, it is like everything is reciprocated right now. Like, you know what, Emini here. Like, you give me love. I give you love. If there's no love to be given, it ain't no love to be given. And that's just gonna be what it's, you mentioned the tattoo and you might not get rid of the tattoo. I don't know yet. I just haven't did it. What is the tattoo Honcho tattoo. Oh, oh, I was gonna say she be knowing If We don I thought, sorry. It's, she has honchos name tattoo. But I was wondering if not getting rid of it is because like you're hoping to like rekindle and Well, I just, I, I'm, I'm just not, I'm not dating.


Mm. And so it's not like, oh, I'm dating some dude and I'm sitting across the table And I got him on my chest. Like he Is like, You know what, Emini here. Like, I don, I'm not, I'm, I guess I got too much work to do right now. Right? Like I'm going on tour. Yeah. The BET awards is coming up. Yes. Oh, I'll be there. Yes. Even, well, he's not there no more. Say you don't have a problem with inviting you back up. You done tour up dressing rooms And I, here they like, you, me more Say it was real, it was relatable reality show. Come here. Like, No, don't Give Jess no ideas. Please. No, because you know, she'll tear up minute, will you? No. You put her scarf. I'm not like you. I I don Well, I'm not like the old key. The old, yes. I'm not like You don't tear down things.


No, I don't Lie. She just curse people out. Do You got a pickup truck? Truck? I ke I felt like I seen a pickup truck One time or another. When you pulled up To a house or two. No girl. No. I Believe you. I believe you Look like you got F 50. I ain't gonna lie. That's so crazy. My husband got one, but I don't. That's crazy. She just put the baby in. I, I wanna rephrase my question then.


When did you start trusting love again? Was there ever a period where you didn't trust? No. No, no, no, no. I know when someone cares about you, I do. And, but things happen. You know, like I just feel like some things aren't made to last. And I, unfortunately, my last thing, love hasn't, I don't know, maybe it's here, maybe it's not. Has it ever been a point right where you was like, where you had to be reminded of who you are though? You, you know, people say, I would love to address that. What do people mean by that? Because people say it all the time. Remember who you are And I thought me remember.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in hope today by visiting music gives.org.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was kidnapped by a drug cartel. I just remember everything getting dark. I'm dying When we stepped beyond the edge of what we know to Open our consciousness to something more than just what's in that western box. In return, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. My name is Dan Bush. My mission is simple to find, explore, and share these stories. I'm not a victim. I'm a survivor. You're strongest when you're the most vulnerable To remind us what it means to be alive. Not just that I was the guy that cut his arm off, but I'm the guy who is smiling when he cut his arm off Alive. Again. A podcast about the fragility of life, the strength of the human spirit, and what it means to truly live. Listen to Alive again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network, hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores, and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and meat eater founder Steven Ronella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the Ice age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, you Know. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Who I am, just my personal opinion of myself and love. And when you truly love somebody, you don't just be like, oh yeah, because I'm Keisha Cole. Now I can go out And I can show him who I really could be with or who I really could be around. Who really, my friends who really like, no, it's cool. And whatever happens God is meant is happening because God said it's happening. So how do I, like I can't just, I'm, I'm, I'm just not like that. So, you know What's interesting about that? Now that I think about it when they, if they say, remember who you are, maybe clearly we don't know you because if you're doing what you want to do, Like we think we know that's the problem. Like, like you say, other people's opinions are, you know, just what they are. Other people's opinions. But we don't know.


Like they people don't know you. So above all of this is what that is. It's like you're above all of this. You're above, you're greater than everything that's happening in, in your life right now. Yes. That's, that's what saying. So sit above that. Don't deal with nothing and actually don't even bring nobody to the forefront no more. Actually, we don't even wanna see you with nobody Keisha until it's, that's how you feel like people feel. I think so because I, And I'm not taking it as a way that like, people feel like they don't wanna see me happy. Well, sometimes, but you know, they'd rather see it like if it's gonna be real than it's gonna be for forever. Right. You know what I'm saying? I think my fans are like, we done seen you go through enough. But that's the thing. That's what, that's what it's, we done seen so much. We want you to be happy. You know what Emini here, there was a video that went viral.


You, you were performing, it was doing all the Huncho stuff and you were crying and they tried to say, okay, this is because of the Huncho stuff. And people were really, really upset, like online because people wanna protect you so much and, but you stay quiet. So I don when you see stuff like that and whether it is or it's not about him, how, how you feeling in that way? It was actually the last show of the last tour. That was my first arena tour that I prayed for. And I was thanking the fans for like being there for the whole tour. And you know, I having great, a great tour. Like I was crying of my fans being there for me. Yeah. Like I don't know where the huncho thing came from. Like that's crazy. I don know. But if they wanted to think I was crying over honcho I guess.


I don't know. I was like, cool. Keisha Cole is here. Lauren. Oh. Anyway, on a happier note, I love to see people giving you your just due 'cause you deserve all of the flowers and the things. I was at usher show when he brought you, brought you on stage. That was crazy. It was amazing to see that. I was like, what is happening? And it was so pure because you could tell you didn't even wanna be up there, but he just made it a point to he dropped love and she didn't even have to sing a word. Yeah. He was so sweet for that. He was so sweet. He just wanted you to listen to them. They was screaming at the top of their lungs, the whole arena. Oh my God. The song word for word. Yeah. I think that's when, I think we was talking about this the other day. I think when people do that, it makes me feel uncomfortable. Wow. Really?


I don't know. I get real like, I don't know like, but maybe that's what y'all mean by remember who you are that as well. You Bought Charlamagne on stage. Put cherries in Charlamagne mouth too. That never happened. Listen, can I ask you about the diaper? Why? Why Don't listen to him. Don't listen him. She like it. Where are y'all? Like and it was cute. I don I don't, I don't care either way. I'm just asking. 'cause people be on your diaper. Man. I feel like it's really, it's cool. It's another thing like my fans are people in general just like the pick at me. I feel like, because I could have sworn it, but like they were telling me that Doce wore it to the Super Bowl or something like that. Doce. Doce. Okay. Yeah, she wore it to the Super Bowl and Doce to the Super Bowl.


She wore diaper. She wore the same outfit. Okay. And everybody said she did it and it was fashion and it was, And I was like, oh really? Because I didn't even know that they showed me last night. And I was like, oh, now I like it. Yeah. It was cute. They showed you last night. Well because, but you been who? But, okay, so remember who I am and remember, but I can't, so don't do fashion. Okay. Boom. So I'll try to keep that on the list. Remember who you are. Don't do fashion, don't love until it's time for you to love and be married and like we wanna see you happy. I'm trying to satisfy the fans and y'all. And listen, add another one. Don't text ab 'cause he gonna put it out there. The nerve to bring that up.


The nerve that he did the, I don't know why this is a thing. Oh my God. Before we Ab I just wanna go shit. Before you moved to you, have you ever used the diaper on stage? Yeah. What's Wrong? This diaper? It's Not, it wasn't a diaper short. Can you show him the picture? What is wrong With you? That's What they called it. That's what they was calling it. Trying to be funny. Its actually short. It's an actual outfit. Yo. No. 'cause I, you know the rapper, the baby used to wear a diaper on thi back in the day. Oh My God. Yes. Its Grown way, way back in the day because of the whole, the whole the baby. The baby. That's, that's what they used to call him. You need to stop. That's not nice Because that was his whole persona. It was the baby. So he had a pamper on during weekends. So he He was like attached to the belt. Yeah, that was before he came like the belt on the side.


No, it was a pamper. No, he used to as pamper Keisha. It was to promote himself. This is the On on the over the jeans. No, no. Like Jeans On. He did not have ass out with the diaper. Damn ass out. I don't believe that Keisha Not coming here for another seven years, Not coming back. She not For seven. I never paid attention. Everybody, they be like, Keisha, it's not like I stopped the look. So I I thought it wasn't a pimp or you It job don't do that. You know what you're doing. I don't Be paying attention. Always been normally you've been doing since he been with Wendy, but exactly what happened. Did you punch him? Did you wanna punch your friend? The diaper? Oh my goodness. Ab Oh, Antonio Emini Here.


Antonio, I'm talking about Adrian. I'm talking about that's the wrong ab not the one that be getting beat up. The one that be beat people. Oh my What? Why? I don't know. I don't know. All I know And I'm gonna try to be as respectful as I could be at this point because I do think that he said a lot. But in addition to that, he also said that nobody wants me and nobody cares about me. So I just felt I took that as a, that's like a Hmm hmm. Cool. Then that means that you shouldn't speak about me. That means that there should be nothing there.


There should be, if you nobody wants or cares, then it shouldn't be spoken anymore. That's what I thought that meant. I just don't like corn. And I just wanted to ask you, did you punch him for that? I didn't know. I didn't know. I haven't seen him since for years. For years since that, since that was said. I haven't seen him, so I don't even know. I asked him to stop. I asked, I told him I have children And I would prefer to. Right. Yeah. Not have to go through this and please and God bless you. And, and, and it persists. So. Got You. Was there ever a point you thought to yourself, I gave The World too much of me? When you think, like, I think about all of this stuff that's coming up in this interview and you like, damn, all of that has been out There.


It is. But I guess then, then I wouldn't be Keisha Cole. Some things I wish I could just erase for sure. Right, right. Yeah. Like What, like, Like the last two minutes of this conversation before you erase, I gotta go back to something. Alright. No way. Keisha gotta go too. Before we write this, my last question, you said Ashanti having another baby, but that's the thing. Oh, I thought that's what they said. Oh no, you just broke. No, no, no, no. The second baby bring anything. No, I saw this, this Keisha Cole just announced Ashanti knew the baby. I did not announce rumors. It has not been confirmed. That's why I'm like, what the heck is happening? I thought that happened when they was on Live the Night and Nellie, I thought they said it.


I swear. I thought maybe it's been rumors. Maybe Ke Keisha did break it And I don't know yelling. Eight years now. So now we can start era now. Go ahead. Okay. Last two minutes of race. Okay. I know you gotta go. What, what, what did fame take from you or take from your inner child that you're still trying to get back when you think about the last 20 years? Mm. I was 21 when I made it. Mm. Yeah. I had lived my little childhood. Mm. I didn't miss a beat. Actually. I was bad as hell run through the streets in Oakland though. Trust me. Trust me. I didn't miss a beach. I'm cool now. I'm cool. I'm cool. I don't think, do you feel the love after all the bullshit? Do you feel the love today? Of course. Good heck yeah.


Emini here. I haven't made a record in so long. I did, I did Kalani, I did that record with Kalani. I did do a record with Huncho. I just got in the studio with Trippy Red. That was that Emini here. I did a song with him. Yeah. And this gorilla thing. This gorilla thing. Hey, love Glow. You played the sample for that. For the Love I did. Okay. That's stuff. Yeah. Y'all getting that first here. I thought I would because I love you guys so much and yeah. So that's gonna be super fly. I'm supporting Glo. I like her style. Love Glo. Are you doing another Album? You like Her too? Love her. Yeah. Love busy. She's so cute and sweet. It can Make good ass great Music. She, I was seen her on stage. I was like, Hey Coach Hill. I said, yeah, it's time you play that record.


You gotta ask this. Okay. Real quick. If Kanye called you today and say, yo, I want you to do one more song with me right now, what would you say? Well, first we're going to church. Okay. And, and, and, and yeah. We calling, we both gonna call the pastor at this point because everybody needs a little God. Yes. You know what Emini here And I don't know what's going on and I'm not here to judge that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. At all. But I definitely would, I would, I would like for my friend to actually like really Emini here. I don't know how hard or how bad it hurts Yeah. To people to say things and do things. And like, I would, I would really want him to find some love. For real. For sure. I wish that for all of us. To that note, do you feel a way when you performed last night, Keisha Cole, ladies and gentlemen, oh, What kind of mic is this?


This is awesome. Are you doing another album? I am. I am. Hopefully. Hopefully you ain't start yet. You know how I said it's like when you feel things like I did, I did a song. I did a song, yeah. About my last relationship. That's what I'm Saying. How many toxic relationships have you been in since then? That was music. No, I'm just saying this is triggering and traumatizing. I think it was only like two. Like two. That's enough. That's enough for a whole album. Keisha Cole, seven years and three months Since your last album. I love you. Oh my God. Oh my God. I Love you Keisha. Keisha, we love you. Thank you so Much. I love you more. Thank you. The Way it is the 20th anniversary tour. Celebrating the 20th anniversary of her debut album.


And we love you, Keisha. Yeah. I love you guys too. You gonna Be in New York on July 12th too, by the way. July 12th. We out ski. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Keisha Cook. Now let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she'd be having the latest on Lord the latest when Lauren la Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So yesterday, Diddy was denied a mistrial. His team, the, his defense attorneys asked for a mistrial because they said that after it was revealed in court yesterday, after they were speaking to a arson investigator, that the fingerprints, so you remember we had the conversation about there was fingerprints found on this bottle and the car when the cocktail was thrown and all those things.


Right? Allegedly, well, they're trying to talk about the fingerprints that would have been if they were properly held all of this time from the alleged burglary that happened in Kid Cuddy's home. So Kid Cudi says that, or alleges that Diddy went in his home. He, you know, went through some of his Chanel Christmas gifts for family. He alleges that, did he put his dog away in another room? And then he pulled up. Now what is happening is yesterday on the stand, it was revealed that those records, those fingerprints from 2012, the evidence was destroyed. Like, and they don't have it. Like it wasn't kept in a, in a way where you could even look at it right now to be able to see if the fingerprints from that alleged burglary match anything near the fingerprints that were found in the car.


There was a argument in general about the fingerprints in the car because, you know, Diddy's team was saying, Hey look, I'm, I'm sorry, the prosecutors, the government was saying, look, we shouldn't even be able to talk about this because that bottle could have went through so many hands. We don't have a, like a, a good expert to break down what this means. The person that we're talking to wasn't even a person who did the actual report on the fingerprints. Basically it could mislead a jury. Didi team is like, no, the DNA evidence that was found is what was found. And it allegedly pointed back to a woman. You can't even match that to anything in the home because there's no fingerprints whatsoever. So Didi team is saying, or they were trying to say, Hey look, the government knows that the fact that we don't have these fingerprints, the fact that you can't match it to, when you guys are trying to say that, you know, our, our client Diddy did all of this, both the burglary and the car because he's upset at Kid Cudi for dating Cassie.


Allegedly, you can't connect the two. And knowing that, that that's not fair to him because that actually could prove that he doesn't have anything to do with one or the other. And y'all are not trying to have a conversation about that. So it's unfair. So this is a mistrial. The judge denied it. Of course the judge denied it was not having that. They Just, they just try to throw anything against the wall to see what sticks, to see if they could possibly get a mistrial. They'll try again, I'm sure. But no, not, it's wreaking, it's wreaking of desperation at this point. Oh yeah. You fighting for your life after that Capricorn Clark testimony. You definitely fighting for your life after that. But in the other news in relation, Cassie had her baby yesterday. Hey, that's what's up. Congratulations up. Congratulations. Nail that note all day.


Yes. I love Tisha. Yes, she welcome. Cassie, welcome to her third baby. Yesterday, less than two weeks after testifying in this trial against Diddy. She gave birth in the New York, in a New York hospital like we talked about. And the reports are that she's healthy and she's doing well. Yes. That is what matters. Yes. That's what's up. Yes, yes, yes. So congratulations, glad to hear all of that. Yeah. And I, Alex fine, my bad. Alex finest her, her and her man. Love that. Her man. This is her third baby with her husband Alex vn. Yes. Mentally and emotionally. That has to be a lot. Like, that has to be like the extreme. I don't know if it is. I wonder did she have an extreme down taking that stand? I'm sure, because I'm sure she had to relive a lot of trauma Right. Watching her. Yeah. Then a couple weeks later now you're having a baby.


So I, I just know she's been on an emotional rollercoaster the last few weeks. Yeah. She, and then she was on a stand contracting right when she was holding her stomach or something like that. I don't know what contractions look like. Oh wow. Yes. But if I had to guess Emini here, she was definitely, she's holding her stomach. She was, yeah. There was a couple times where she, even her herself asked for breaks and they of course a gray gave her her the breaks. Could Contractions, could have been pain. Yeah. She Was pretty close to her. But it's also just a lot of mental pressure as well too. Sure. And having it, they, they made her rewatch the, the video in the Intercontinental Hotel where she was dragged up and down the, and it was tough watching her do that because she was so pregnant. So I can't imagine how she felt in it. And then her, how her husband felt as well too. So Emini here, maybe I, I don't know. I had been told that her original due date was the first week of June from a source.


But I don't know if that had anything to do with it. But the baby is here. She's healthy. Cassie is she the baby's healthy, healthy and Alex Fine is doing well too. That's The most important thing. Right. So she had the baby or yesterday. So she, I don know. I've been told it was announced yesterday, but I've been told that she actually had the baby the day before, later in the evening from the source. Okay. And I was so mad. Nevermind. Okay. It's all right. Well's so matter what? Nothing. She didn't report it first us. 'cause she had the information. Yes. But I was trying to make sure I double, triple confirmed and you know, and by the time I was doing all that boom, here go a, b, c news. Well it's better to be right. Oh Yes. The problem with this problem with this area is everybody wanna be first. Yeah. And they don't be having the right information. And I also was trying not to be invasive.


I text Harla man and was like, should I even dig on this? Because if it is the pressure of the case, I don't wanna be the person that puts it out there and she don't want it out there. Yeah. Correct. You know what, what Emini here, but yes, you made the right most shout out to a BBC News. They were the first people I saw with it up. But let me tell y'all I was on y'all. Okay. And while we added heavy birthday to a couple real niggas, man, call Melo Anthony. Okay. Laverne Cox, we out here? Okay. Yeah. Let's drop Acles Bond for both man. Yeah, that's what's up. Absolutely. Happy born day. Absolutely much life. Absolutely. Okay. Yep. Time for donkey today. Charlamagne. Who giving that donkey to man? Four. After the hour we need to talk fat shaming. We need to talk body shape. You okay? Hush. There's a woman named Kristy Lee Crampton. She needs to come to the front of the congregation.


We would like to have a word with her. Okay. Alright. There are politically correct terms for obesity and we will, this is a teachable moment. I don't think you should be the teach with this one, but, all right. Teachable moment. Then after that, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You having relationship issues and problems called just right now's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve it. People need to know. Well, you need to tell them. I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell them. Tell man. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it.


You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne there only one charlamagne involved. Damn Charlamagne. Who you give Dusty today too. Now, Well donkey today for Thursday, May 29th goes to Christy Lee. Crampton. Christie is an example of why when you go to Florida, you should only drink bottled water. Okay? Don't drink the water out the tap. Don't put the water out the tap in your tea, your coffee, nothing. Because soon as you take a sip of that water, you become a Florida fool. Okay? Christy not from Florida, but this situation happened while she was heading back home from her family's Disney World vacation. Okay? She must have drank out the drinking fountains at Disney because she was full of Florida foolishness. Now I can't even talk about this story the way I want to until y until, until I tell you what happened.


Okay? Now, we had Keisha Cole here last hour and she was talking about one of her children and she was talking about her child calling her other child a big back. But her child isn't fat, he's just bra. And I was explaining to her that big back should be reserved for the obese amongst us. Okay? God, forgive me for being a notorious fat shamer. I don't mean to be okay. It's something I'm working on. You have to understand that growing up your mama sold fat jokes was some of the first jokes we learned. And clearly that cycle is continued. Okay? Fat shaming is an erase thing. It is an agenda thing. Humans, fat shame other humans. And there are some fat folks amongst us. Okay? Let's go to W Ftv nine for the report, please.


Kristi Lee Crampton was set to be back home from her family's Disney World Vacation. Instead, she made her first appearance in front of a Seminole County Judge Tuesday charged with felony child abuse. Allegiant Flight 28 85 to Haggerstown, Maryland was set to take off from Orlando Sanford International Airport just before 2:00 PM Monday. But according to this arrest report, Crampton and witnesses on the plane tell police the child called Crampton fat. And Ms. Piggy telling her she couldn't fit in the airplane seat. That's when witnesses say cramped in, began hitting the child with her fist and then hit him on the head with a water bottle. Then the report says she slammed the child's head into the airplane window. Ooh, the child used his arms to cover his head.


Airport police haven't said how old the child is, but cramped until police. The child was very rude and disrespectful during their trip to Disney. Hmm. And that after the child called her fat, she took his phone away. She claims he then pushed her arm off the armrest twice. And that's when she began smacking him. But police and witnesses say she went beyond typical disciplinary actions. I have so many questions, so many thoughts, so many observations. Okay? First off, miss Piggy is immortal. Okay? A child still calling a high calorie human, miss Piggy in 2025, drop on the clues, bombs for Miss Piggy icon. Okay? The irony of it all is Miss Piggy is in fact she's actually fabulous.


He or she who ate all the pie should take it as a compliment if you get called Miss Piggy. Now, my second thought is, where was this child's parents? You just gonna let this salad dodger put hands on a child, okay? With the child flying alone, if so, with a flight attendants, you know, too busy to get this pantry pirate off, off the child. Okay? Lemme tell you something. Now, if I was ever in this situation and my child said something about a person being fat, I'm going to apologize to said individual. But you're not putting your hands on my child to lunch, Shakur. Okay? I don't care if you are a woman or not, all right? I'm gonna hold your heavy ass and let my wife get her licks off if you ever put your pudgy paw on my child. Alright? Did you hear what she did to this child? Witnesses? Said cramped, and began hitting the child with her fist and hit him on the head with a water bottle.


Then she slammed the child's head into the airplane window, And I bet it was a bunch of poop butt ass adults recording instead of intervening. Let me tell you something, Cardi Beef, okay? It would've been some furniture moving on that plane. And when I say furniture moving Emini here, I would've grabbed you and attempted to move your sectional shaped ass. Okay? That's why you gotta teach your kids how to be creative, okay? There's so many other things you can call a fat person other than a fat or Miss Piggy. For example, I've said two lunch Shakur, right? Hmm? I've said Cardi Beef. I'm a hip hop head, so that's why I start with it. Meek Meal, okay, run dm, eat French Fry Montana. Oh wait, Christie was a woman.


So I would say Megan the stomach. Mm. Or doja fat. Oh, I fat doja Fat. Fat doja fat hits like doja fat. Doja fat hits doja, fat hits. But the reality is, none of this is right. None of this is right. Body shaming isn't right. But that don't give you the right to put your fat fist on a child. Okay? Seriously, how did the adults just sit back in the to happen? Am I reading this story wrong? I'm really confused. Was it her child? Was this child traveling with her? Because they said Kristi Kreme took the child's phone after she finished hitting them. Okay. I, I don't, I don't, I don't. I'm really confused about this. Let me tell you something, Kristi. Listen to the kids, bro. Okay? If your child calls you fat, don't get offended.


Get ozempic. Don't get mad. Get Manjaro. Okay? There are pol. Now I do want to say this is a teachable moment. There are politically correct ways to talk about the obese amongst us. You can say high calorie humans. You can say higher weight humans. You can say people with obesity. You can say wide body. Whoop. Whoops. Okay? But the most politically correct term, I don't care what y'all say, the most politically correct term you can use is big back. I don't, I don. I don't. Big back is not malicious. It's a descriptor. Yeah. And it comes with a nice song. Let's hear it.


Big back. Big back. Hey, big back. Big back. Hey. Yeah, my back is loaded up with snacks in different foods. Oh, squeeze into this tiny shirt. My big back has no room. Hey, Hey. Big back. Big back. Hey big back. Big back. Hey. Big back. Big back. Big back. Big back. I love that Song. Big. Hey, I love that song. Big. That's big. Oh, I don Big. I know that was a verse two. That's enough. Max, Please give Christian Lee Hampton the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons.


Oh no, you, where's your problem? Mac don't usually be sitting there 'cause Eddie not in today. So Mac is sitting where Eddie usually be sitting. I just looked and he's just looking at me with so much disgust. Hey, medium sized Mac artist. Fat shamer is crazy. What's your man name that sing that song? Huh? The big I I don't know his name. I thought you knew him. Nah, but you just because you all, I thought y'all got a community. Just because you get all poetic with all these fat names don't mean you you not fat.


You not even that big homie that, that, that sing the song Big. Imagine if somebody came in here and called you Dark Zuckerberg like oh my god, that's actually fire S Right. Dark Zuckerberg is fire. Yes, that's fire. Has anybody ever called you fat on the plane? On fat on the plane? Yes. He flies cargo. What you talking about? It's like my bad. Call me fat. It's like a Dr. Seuss book. Lost a lot weight. I call fat on the plane. I've been caught fed on the train. I've been called caught in the car. I been caught fed in the bar. Damn. All the time. He gonna call you Dr. Lu. You keep losing that weight. He gonna have all that skin. The Mack really losing a lot of weight. Yes, he is not the uncircumcised body. Oh man. Four skin fat is crazy. Alright. Enough of this mess to fix or something like that.


We do. We do actually. We do. How much have you lost though, Mac? Huh? How much have you lost? 162 drop on a cooler Mac. Let's cut positive man. Be done. And he did it the right way. He worked out. He did his steps. I don't believe that, but we He did it the right way. I did. He ain't right and did it. Did it the right way. Everybody's seen it except for him. 'cause he got them raccoon blacks around his eyes and he can't see nothing. No 10,000 steps thing out. But I don't care how he's doing it, he's doing it. Let's go. Medium sized Mac. Yes, I knew I was right. Ah man. All right. Up next, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're having relationship issues and you need some help and some fixing, you can call Jess right now, period.


Oh hey that was a different one right now. That was a different one right there. That was a number two. Just The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Help me baby. It's the real pill. Help me. Help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix your mess because my advice is real morning everybody, it's Djj envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. Yes, we have X on the line. X. Good morning. Hello. Hello. Hey bro, what's your question for Jess? Hey. Hey. What's up Envy? How you doing man? Good brother.


Good. Hey, I just wanna ask Jess two real questions. First off, my wife just gave birth to our first born January. Congratulations. And since the thank you, I appreciate that. You're welcome. His name's Stylist. He came about three weeks early.


He's Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowles premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell A LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in hope today by visiting music gives.org.


What happens when we come face-to-face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was kidnapped by a drug cartel. I just remember everything getting dark. I'm dying When we step beyond the edge of what we know to Open our consciousness to something more than just what's in that western box. In return, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 Minutes. My name is Dan Bush. My mission is simple to find, explore, and share these stories. I'm Not a victim, I'm a survivor. You're Strongest when you're the most vulnerable to Remind us what it means to be alive. Not Just that I was the guy that cut his arm off, but I'm the guy who is smiling when he cut his arm Off Alive. Again. A podcast about the fragility of life, the strength of the human spirit, and what it means to truly live. Listen to Alive again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and meat eater founder Steven Ella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the ice age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, you Know, so join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Incredible. Worst thing about him is he looks exactly like mom. I just wish my genius paid a little bit more in play. But it is what it is. Just Can relate. I can, I was definitely about to say it. Yeah, I can relate because my daughter looks nothing like me. She's nine months going on 10 months and people say the oldest she gets, she will start growing into the features of her mom. But I don't see it at all. So it's all right. Hey, I, man, I just, one day I hope to see a little bit more of me and him. You probably will, but we got die. Yeah, but I just really wanna ask you two real things. One is sleep training. Emini here, you can put that to the side. But like we are getting no sleep.


He just sleeps on us or with us and it's just terrible. Okay. How old is he now? And then my second question. Oh, I'm sorry. He's four. He's about to turn five months. Okay. Okay, go ahead. What? And then my second que Okay, my bad. I'm sorry. My second question will be just more hopeful. Our relationship, you know, she's going through postpartum. Neither of us are getting sleep like I kind of mentioned earlier. And then we're on a split shift so we don't have to pay for daycare. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. So she's on first shift. I'm on second. Only time we're both home is from 12:00 AM basically until 6:00 AM in the morning. And we're not doing any talking, to be honest with you.


Mm. So I just need help with helping him sleep and then helping us kind of find time and get back together. Okay. So the first thing, helping the baby with the sleep, the baby is only four months, right? Yes, ma'am. Is is the baby breastfed? He is not breastfed. Mom's pumping. Okay. I would just twist the formula because that was a lot. Yeah, no, I got you. I I, I resonate. I'm there with you. It could be different reasons. I was gonna say, usually the, the baby is much, much more attached to the mom when they're getting that, that bonding with breastfeeding directly. Not just pumping, but you know, just Is that the little baby? Yeah.


Versus the baby. Oh, That work? Yeah. He telling you don't don't telling all my business to this lady or that I don't know like that. But no, My bad. I'm sorry But No, no, no, no, no. It's fine. It, I'm sorry. That baby only four months. Y'all got a few more months to go because although my daughter has always slept that night, it really could just be the baby. I'm sorry. It's the little boy. Yes ma'am. Yeah. He could really just be trying to figure out night from day his sleeping patterns. You know what I'm saying? Do y'all sit around and hold them because y'all, y'all can't be holding these babies, Man. See yeah. Y'all sit Around and Hold them. I was going to see, I was trying to give your way out. I thought it was because of the breastfeeding.


But if you sit around and hold the baby, which is not called spoiling, it's called just loving, then you, you have to eat. Eventually the same amount of time you hold him is the same amount of time he has to be put down. Like, you know, he has to start putting him in his bassinet. Don't, don't have him sleep with you. That was the hardest part of breastfeeding my daughter and just having a newborn. I wanted her to sleep in the bed with me. That's not safe. Not only is it not safe, it's not really good for what you Yeah, yeah. It's not really good. It is gonna be hard to get the babies out of the bed, you know? You know, between you and your wife and then it's nothing that you can do right now other than just be there. 'cause she's more than likely in the thick of it as it relates to postpartum.


So it's not really, not much that you can do other than just be there. Just keep affirming her, compliment her, let her know she's beautiful. 'cause trust me, listen, take it from me. I did not feel beautiful. I'm just starting to feel beautiful again a few months ago. You know what? Emini here. So like, but I hear you. These kids suck everything out of you, man. Like she just gave life, you know, a very beautiful thing. So just love on your woman. You know what, Emini here. And just stick it through. Stick it out. You know, it's only four months. Y'all got, got about four more months to go until she'll probably be feeling, although it's different for other women, but just give her a break. Just give her some grace and then I know you get sleep where you can. All right, we'll do our best. Thank you so much.


Can I give her a shout out real quick? Yes. All right. Catalina, I love you. I love Cyrus. I hope you have a wonderful day and we're gonna make it through. Yeah. And I love you so much. You have a good day. You Too. Alright. Just beautiful advice. My Advice. Yeah. Thank you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 Caller now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Ask about Me relationship problems. Ask About me for, do you need to Beat your coworker's ass? Ask about me. Your Coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up, Dr. Jess. I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. We are in the middle of just fix my mess. Hello. Who's this? It's Eli, man. Eli, what's your question for Jess? All right, so I've been trying to get my baby mama back, but I got posted in those groups. Are we dating the same guy? Damn. And Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. You, you've been trying to get your baby mama back and y'all are dating the same guy, right? No, no. I got posted in the like Facebook groups. Are we dating the same guy? They tried to catch guys' cheek. Oh, Oh, oh, okay. Okay. All right. All right. She didn't post me, but like it was an old thing that posted me and then all these girls got on there like, comment and lie.


It was two truths on there. Now me and her been on and off for seven years and I had some women in in there, but I never cheated on her. But it was women on there saying like, I cheated on her while I had her pregnant and all this stuff like this. And it just like caused a uproar in my life. Now this happened in November and we kind of getting back good now, but I'm just trying to figure out like how can I gain that trust a little faster? But where Did the girls get it from? Where did they get it from? Why would they just, why would they just start lying on you like that brother? Let me know. Fill me in. Well, the thing about it, you know, like, nah, Emini here, I'm not too on my own horn, but like I'm easy to love, you know, like women love me.


So like they wanted to be with me and they still had like vendettas against me I guess. Oh, Okay, I got you. So they, all of them just lied and said that you were cheating. They all ganged up, made up? No. Okay. Two of Them went lying. Okay. The rest of 'em was just salty and Emini here. A lot of them did say like, we just talked, like it never went nowhere. You know what I'm saying? But it was some on there that was exaggerating. It just being, Mm. Okay. Well I feel like put everything out on the table. I'm serious. Even things that you think she don't know. 'cause the fact that women, you know, a few of those women chimed in and was able to quote unquote lie.


'cause you said it's a lie. I'm just, I can just go off of what you're telling me. It may have been some other things that she don't know about. You know? And, and what I have learned in being in, you know, my past relationships is, listen, if you gonna lay it all out on the table, don't hold back anything because something else will come out if it was done. You know what, Emini here. Oh, Emini here. So Emini here. I don laid it all out. Now I, well in the moment I lied again about the cheating, but then like one girl had proof so I had to just go ahead and just put it all out there. But do you get what I'm saying? You can't hold back anything. You cannot do that. You gotta show both of your hands because that's the only way she's going to trust you. It sometimes, even if the truth is hard, you have to bring it to the forefront.


It's okay. And, and complicated conversations are healthy. They make, it makes for healthy relationships. Everything. Not gonna always be like, you know, great and sunshine and paradise when you wake up. It's okay. It's okay to have, I think y'all should get through these complications now. Like you should lay it all out. I don't care if you, you smashed the girl, you don't even remember her name. Tell her that these are, because I guarantee you she remember yours and she can remember what, what, what you look like if you and your girl out one day and she gonna remind you of what happened. So lay it all out bro. You seem like a little player player but you don't wanna be to play it no more. So lay it all out there. And I stopped some days And I just want my family day even though it please stay, you know?


Yeah, Well go get it. But you know what you gotta do. Do it the right way. Don't, don't hold nothing back. You Right. You right. Appreciate it. No problem. We put install in. What's brother? How you brother Man? I'm good man. He is out here work. Hey, There you go. You go. There you go. Oh, here. Truck driver. Truck driver. All Hey All. Yeah. Stop pulling up on them lot. Listen, go ahead. Hey, I never did that, Right? What's, what's that? What? What you talking About a lot Lizard is pretty much a prostitute that waits at these truck stops for these drivers to come and they get a little, get a little. So nigga going about their way, you Can't wait to beat the hell out of a lot. Lizard. I wish. Just in Case I wish one would come.


Knock my swear. All right. Yes. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 1. We come back, we got the latest with Lauren so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D ej, NV Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren Straight back. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well what's The latest? The On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Alright y'all.


So yesterday Larry Hoover was commuted on a federal level by President Donald Trump. Now for people who don't understand what that means, that means that basically, and we talked about this in front page news this morning, his charges on the federal level will be like excused or overlooked. But anything else you're still dealing with, you still have to deal with. And Larry Hoover is very much so still dealing with a 200 year sentence for murder on the state level. State level, right? Yeah. State level. So he is not free. No he's not. So people were saying welcome home and all that, he's not Free. No, he is not coming home. He's not walk walking out. Ain't no welcome home. Larry Hoover parties. Remember I didn't even know what a meant. That's why I text you on the group land. What is communication or what is commute? Yes. Emini. Here he was. Yeah, he was moving him from one person to the other. I didn't know, right?


Yeah. Chance Rapper was one of the people who actually posted online. Now let's take a listen. Hey, Before I let y'all politicize this or Mummify this, I just gotta say I am glad that Larry Hoover's home And I gotta remind y'all that he was a political prisoner that was set up by the federal government that he created the, the, what was it? Chicago Votes. He did so many things to like, to really like mobilize our people and he was really targeted for that. And so before get to Kuna or doing whatever they finna do with this information, I just wanted to say I'm so glad that he's home and I'm God bless his family and yeah, thank God Chance aren't my feelings because he, that's just spreading such misinformation and Chance is way smarter than that.


Yes. You know, he, he, he, if you just read a little bit more a chance you would know he's not coming home. But that just lets me know. All Chance did was read the headlines. Yeah. Or saw Jay Prince's post Jay Prince of Laugh a lot over in Houston. Laugh a lot. I laugh. Rap. Rap a lot. A lot. Sorry, rap a lot. Stop. He don't even laugh. Rap a lot, A lot. Now this is disgusting. This is crazy. No, this is rap A lot. Rap a you grow up rap a lot. Laugh a lot. Sorry. Y'all okay though? My bad. God. Geez, my bad rap a lot posted yesterday and when he posted his caption literally said Larry Hoover has been pardoned by Donald Trump. So even when I posted it and people were upset, I posted it exactly with what Jay Prince said.


'cause I knew people were gonna be upset about it because it doesn't mean that he's walking out of the That's not even accurate. No. Anywhere dare tomorrow. He wasn't a pardon, he was commuted. Yeah. So to explain a bit really quick, who Larry Hoover was, he was the co-founder of the Gangster Disciples, which was a Chicago based gang that according to police, engaged in drug trafficking, extortion, and murder. Which is why he's going through everything he's going through right now. Right now. We talked to Larry Hoover's son because I was trying to get clarification for you guys on what this actually means and what the state level looks like for Larry Hoover. Right now, I've been speaking on this anytime I was interviewed And I was trying to let people know that he was being held under dual jurisdiction, which is, he's been held under state law and he has been held under federal law all at the same time.


So he still had two cases to fight. So he had to fight the federal case and he still had to fight the state case. So now he's dealing with the state case. I don't really know the law owner. They, I heard that it was illegal to help hold a person under dual jurisdiction, which they don't usually do, but they never uplifted the state case when they took him into federal custody. So now we're dealing with state law now And then what, what, when I posted it online, I knew that the natural pushback would be, but this man is responsible for, you know, the, like I mentioned, there is alleged drug trafficking, extortion, murder and murder. So I asked his son like, this is how people feel. They feel like you're gloor, we're glorifying someone who caused all of these things in the community.


What do you say to that? And here's what he said. People Just say that they don't understand who he is. They're listening to the narrative of people that don't know what they're talking about. Can they tell you people that he has caused to be killed or that he has said killed or killed himself. He's been in prison all of this time. Right now we're fighting a state case that happened when he was 22 years old when he was a a baby. And they said that he gave the call for somebody to be murdered. And his rappy on the case said that he did the murder and he was released. That that's what we're fighting with right now. Right. The the stuff that those people are talking about are hearsay rumors.


I'm not saying that my father wasn't in leadership at one point and wasn't involved in the streets, but he said transformation. Well I appreciate that. And what, so what's your call to action? What do you I I saw something on the live yesterday. You guys were tagging who was the, who's the person you guys are tagging? Is it the governor? Mayor? Yeah. We was, it, it's at Governor Pritzker. That's his inter his Instagram and then his Gmail is governor@illinois.gov. We wanna reach out to Governor Pritzker to tell him, to ask him to sign the paper to give my father a second chance at life. So yeah, Emini here. I don't, Larry Hoover is not, there's no welcome home. Larry Hoover parties today or tomorrow. It's not happening.


They're trying to get things handled on a state level, but even if, so what I think and what they're trying to do is they want less. They know that he, I I there's no way that he's gonna walk free a hundred percent, but they want less. They feel like it's over excessive. And as you heard the son say, they feel like he's a changed person now. He should be looked at as that. Okay. Yeah. Two, 200 years. 200 years in prison is crazy. But I, I, I can't see it happening only because of who the governor is. The governor is who? The JB JB Prier. He's a Democrat. Yeah. They trying to put some, I guess pressure on him, get the public to start writing letters and things like that. But JB don't give a damn. They were online yesterday on Instagram Live. I was on there. They was on there for about an hour getting people to tag him and saying call his office. Yeah. And I'm like, I don't know if that's gonna work because Larry Hoover was such a big name.


The case was such a big thing. Like I don't know if he cares. And then, yeah. Okay, so that's It. Well that is the latest with Lauren. You heading to court now? Yes. Alright. Alright. Well she'll give us an update later on, on what happened in the DIDI trial. Everybody else, let's get to the mix, the People's Choice Mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody's CJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute to Keisha Cole for joining us this morning. Ke Hey, I'm sorry. Yes, the way it is. 20th anniversary tour is happening now. So go check Keisha Cole out in the city near you, Keisha dope man. There she is. You, you don't realize how much she's lived out loud until you like sit down and really think about it.


Like you know every, well not every, you never know every single detail of a person's life, but boy we know a lot. We know a lot about Keisha and her family. Yep. We sure do. Salute to Keisha And listen, I wanna salute to the icon living the legend of all legends. Don Staley add another accolade to her long resume. You know, she's a two time national player. The year in college. She's a five time WNBA All star three time Olympic gold medalist Women's Basketball Hall of Fame. She's in that she's led the University of South Carolina, the three national championships. She's been named Coach of the Year five times. And that's just some of her accolades. But now she has another one. She has a New York Times bestseller drop of the C Bond for Don Stanley. And she always smells so good. When she came here, she smelled real good. I was like, mm girl, I heard you say that.


Yes, you did say that. And she's not just a New York Times bestseller, she has the number two book in the country. Dope. Okay. All right. That damn original Sin by Jake Taper kept it from being number one. That's okay. Books are a marathon, not a sprint. But congratulations to Dawn Staley and if you're in Columbia, South Carolina listening to us on Hot 1 0 3 9, you know Dawn will be at the two i two conference center in Columbia, SC at 6:00 PM tonight. The event is sold out. But if you go out there man, just go out there and love Don and tell her congratulations for adding another accolade to her resume. Being a New York Times bestseller. Having the number two book in the damn country. Yes. Dope. My God. That's right. And yes, this is Don on my hoodie.


Okay. Yes. I don't know if she gonna have merch out there tonight, but if she is, go grab you one and salute to her. Man, the book came outta my book in print black privileged publishing with Simon and Schuster. So God is good. There you go. God is good. Charlamagne, you got a positive note. I do have a positive note man. I just want to tell y'all out there to vibrates so high. Got the toxic people in your life fall back. Okay. Because they no longer know how to approach you. Okay, good vibrations. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club. Bitches do. I'm finish or y'all done.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big to learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint mine. My parachute did not Deploy. I was keeping up by drill cartel. When we stepped beyond the edge of what we know, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I Was dead for 11.5 minutes. In return, it's a miracle I was brought back Alive again. A podcast about the strength of the human spirit. Listen to Alive again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Being able to say, I feel like crying so I will cry today I'm a little depressed. Yes, may is. Mental health Awareness month and deeply well is a sanctuary for your healing. I'm Debbie Brown, healer wellbeing expert teacher and fellow seeker. And each week we explore what it means to become whole through soul expanding conversations and practices today. Wow. I feel really powerful. Yeah. And ready to serve and use my skills. And it's like that's the heart of what it is to be an authentic woman. To hear this and more ways to prioritize your piece. Listen to Deeply Well from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


At and T connecting changes everything. This is your girl TS Madison. And I'm coming to you loud, live and in color from the Outlaws podcast. Let me tell you something. I've got the voice, my podcast, the one they never saw coming. Each week I sit down with the culture creators and scroll stop us. Tina knows Lil Nas ex. Will we ever see a dating show My next ex, that's Actually cute Though. And Chapel Rome. I Was dropped in 2020 working the drive through and here we are now. It's a make show. You tell Beyonce, I'm going right on the phone and call her. Listen to Outlaws with ts Madison on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Honey, this is an iHeartPodcasts.