
This is an iHeartPodcasts. American Public University is the number one provider of education to our military and veterans in the country. They offer something truly unique, special rates and grants for the entire family making education affordable, not just for those who serve, but also for their loved ones. If you have a military, a veteran family member, and are looking for affordable, high quality education, APU U is the place for you. Visit apu.aps.edu/military to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu/military Meetings. Deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mass and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light.


It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. Okay, I got some good news and I've got some great news. The good news is that Amazon Prime Day is almost here. The great news this year, prime Day will last four days from July 8th to the 11th. We're talking about four days of unbelievable deals in every category you can think of. So this is your chance to save big on well, whatever you're into. Tools, appliances, clothes, toys, everything. The countdown is on Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Wake That ass Out. Charlemagne. The guy Beast of the planet is Tuesday.


Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. And it is an amazing day today because here in the Tri-state area, New York City where we broadcast, you know, that's where a black mothership is live from New York City. It is the hottest day of the year so far. It Could be a hundred degrees. 102. I saw 102 degrees. It is Hot. Musty weather, baby. Musty weather. Don't get caught slipping. 4:00 AM this morning when I was out, it was hot. It's hot. Hot, hot, Hot. Look, the summer said y'all wanted me. Y'all been begging for me. That's right. And I Am. Yeah. Yeah. She's here And I'm, I'm not complaining. I'm happy that the summer is here. Yeah. Yeah. Hot. Hot. 'cause this is the hottest week of the year so far. We can probably go all the way into like September 'cause it was late.


I, I'm cool with that. Yeah, I'm cool with it too. You know, remember how late it came? Yeah. Yeah. It might, It might. Now you said Thursday gonna be 70 something. So you, you gonna get it today, tomorrow. That's it. A little tease. That's it. Just little tease. That's what you got. Just Make sure you got the right deodorant and Okay. We don't have time. We don't got time for that natural stuff. None of that. Put on some right guard yo. Put on some cheese. Natural Is Best. No, it's not. Not in this heat. Okay. All right. Because I'm telling you, I like natural hair, but not natural odor. I'm telling you that right now. G Zest. Damn. Jesus. And salute to all the dance Dads out there lat yesterday. Well, this week is the Nationals. And if you don't know what the Nationals is, it's like the Super Bowl of, of dance or you know, The World Series. So yesterday, Brooklyn performed. That's why I broadcasted from there.


Yesterday she performed, she got on stage at 8:30 AM and she won nine things. She won titles. She won first place. She won second place. She won highest score. She won highest score on her division. She won Best costume. Yes. She won the Judges Star award. She went on with nine awards. She couldn't even carry it all. Clue Bumb. Right? What? Yes. You dropping a clue. Bumb from Manhattan. Yeah. Brooklyn. It's Brooklyn. Not Manhattan, man. Brooklyn. Brooklyn. I'm Brooklyn. When I say she, you know Dan. Well, ain't none of them kids. Ain't man, What? Go ahead. You Never know what She cleaned up yesterday. I was so proud of her. And you know, it's, it's always fun because you know, usually when you do these dance, anything, competitions or or whatever, there's not too many black kids there. Yeah. There's very few minorities. So the fact that she gets up there and shows her ass and, and it is just amazing.


So congratulations. She's the Brooklyn. That's what's up. London. London performs this afternoon today. So I love that. So we'll see how she does. Congratulations Harlem. Yes. I love it. Congratulations Harlem. Congratulations. It's Brooklyn Toronto. Oh my goodness. Who Toronto today? London. London. Y'all Name The kids after all the cities. I ain't going lie, you know. Oh my goodness. All right. Well today on the show, Mandii and Weezy hey will be joining us. Decisions. Decisions. They have a new book, it's called No Holds Barred. And we're gonna be talking to them later. Yes, man. A dual manifesto of Sexual Exploration in Power. It is on my book, imprint Black Privilege Publishing. Which time? And Schuster. And I'm telling you right now, I'm not saying this just 'cause they're on the imprint. I guarantee you ain't never read no book like this. I Bet. I I know its great. I love wheezy. She's just so smart.


I love it. They do have a science behind their, their sexual exploration that they've done throughout their life and they break it down all in this book. So I can't wait to talk to them later this morning. Yep. And also, joy, joy Ann Reed will be joining Us. Come on man. Yes, The host of the podcast, the Joy re show. She'll be breaking everything down today of what's going On. It's too much going on in The World. Who better than to have up here this morning Joy and Reid? The the talk about it. Yes. And I'm just telling you right now, it's usually cold to appear. It's hot right now. I know, right? It's hot. The Little black blinky ain't coming out the That my little blanket coming up. Yeah, It is hot. It don't feel Hot. It's a little Warm. It is hot. It's usually chill. Usually I gotta get my little blanky, but it ain't no blanket this morning when It's chilly, I gotta grab something to wipe my forehead.


It feel good. Actually, You'll see in a second. All right, well let's get the show cracking. Morgan gonna be joining us front page news a lot to break down. Are we going to war as Iran chilling? It is Israel chilling. I guess you'll tell us all when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. So yeah, a lot happened yesterday. So let's recap that and y'all bear with me. Okay. 'cause like I said, it was a lot. The US confirmed Iran attacked an American airbase and Qatar, there were no casualties in that attack at the Al Aade airbase where thousands of troops are stationed now. Iranian State TV says the country launched the same number of missiles against the base that the US launched against its nuclear facilities over the weekend.


And rep Iran reportedly warned Qatar ahead of the attack, leading many to speculate that the conflict could be coming to an end or that it could be over. Now Qatar said they also reserve the right to respond to Iran in that attack. Now President Trump called Iran's missile launch against the American Air base. A weak response posting. There have been 14 missiles fired. 13 were knocked down and one was set free because it was headed in a non-threatening direction. Now, Trump went on to say he hopes Iran can now proceed with peace and harmony in the region. And the President thanked Iran for giving the US early notice of the attack. Now, shortly after that, president Trump claimed that Israel and Iran have agreed to a ceasefire.


Now Trump hosted, there will be a complete and total ceasefire adding this is an official end to the 12 day war and it will be saluted by The World. He went on to say, God bless America, God bless Israel, God bless Iran, the Middle East, and God bless The World. Now, vice President Vance, he confirmed the news of that ceasefire last night and he spoke on what's next. Let's take a listen to his comments. Iran was very close to having a nuclear weapon. Now, Iran is incapable of building a nuclear weapon with the equipment they have because we destroyed it. We have to talk to Iran and of course to Israel about what the future holds because while we have obliterated the Iranian nuclear program, our hope and our expectation is that they're not gonna try to rebuild that program.


And I think that's what the President is really trying to figure out here. And he also went on to say that the President is also trying to figure out, you know, and make sure that Americans in the Middle East region are safe. Now, meanwhile, li last night in a stark contrast, Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khomeini, he posted on X that they did not attack anyone. He, he denied the attack. He says, and we do not accept anyone's attack. We will not surrender to anyone's attack. And this is the logic of the Iranian nation. At the same time, Iran's foreign minister says his country has not agreed to a ceasefire that's been announced by President Trump. Abba Achi posted on X.


As of now, there is no agreement on any ceasefire or ation, a c station of military operations. However, he said, if Israel stops what he called illegal aggression against the Iranian people by early Tuesday morning, which is now surpassed, you know, for for, for them you know, it's Tuesday af it's headed towards the afternoon. Now then Iran had no intention of continuing its response. Now the foreign minister went on to say that Iran will decide later whether to approve taking in the agreement. Meanwhile, Israel Defense forces said sirens were sounding early Tuesday morning in Israel because of missiles launched by Iran.


Now Iran is claiming that the terms, or excuse me now, Israel is claiming the terms of that ceasefire that we claimed was in place. Israel is claiming that the terms of the ceasefire has already been violated. All this while we were sleeping, y'all and the ma and, and making the initial announcement, prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked the United States sports help and going after Iran's nuclear facilities and said that the goal of eliminating Iran's nuclear and ballistic missile threat have been achieved. And just hours later, Israel says, Iran fired off missiles that sent civilians scrambling, scrambling into bomb shelters. So it's giving, you know, I ain't gonna hold you, just from my opinion, it's giving somebody lying. I don't know what's really going on with this, but it appears that we don't know whether or not this ceasefire is, is is as tried and true as, as they're putting it.


Go Ahead. Well I just this morning on the Washington Post, 'cause you know they do up to date minute by minute and they just literally a minute ago they said Israel And Iran entered into a shaky ceasefire Tuesday morning bringing an uncertain end to 12 days of fighting that had sparked fears of regional war. And it said, you know, the ceasefire proposal, like as you just said, was first announced by President Donald Trump on Monday evening. And both sides appeared to have accepted a ceasefire and fighting Tuesday morning after a final onslaught of attacks overnight. Emini here. That's what the Washington Post just reported, like literally a minute ago. So yeah, that's, That's super duper crazy. 'cause I went to sleep around 1230 and when I went to sleep at 1230, Anderson Cooper was, you know, he's one of the reporters, he heard the siren. He sitting out There, he Was running into a bomb shelter and was like, yeah the bombs, when they usually, when they hit the siren, they have 10 minutes to get to a shelter.


So I'm like, is it ceasefire? Is it not ceasefire? Are they good? Did the bombs ever come? Yeah, Emini here it Says, well initially when Trump announced it that he said it was going to take some time somewhere between six and 12 hours for that. But that time has now surpassed and here we are. So it's a matter of, you know, we will see and it's like we are gonna continue just to see what's happening at the seven O' Because as you said it said Israel said Teron fired another wave of missiles. And that's what sounded desiring across Northern Israel. I gotcha. Yeah, right. Alright, That's right. Right at seven o'clock we'll talk about the congressional response to all of this. So stick around for more front page news. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, (800) 585-1051.


Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club man. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk away that you talk. I hate the way dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Hi Evvy. What's up Trav Jazz. What's up baby? Hey babe. Shawna main Peace sis. What's happening? I have a bone to pick with you Shar. What's the problem? So I'm minding my business right? I haven't heard bringing idiots in like a like a couple weeks. So I was catching up on bringing idiots over the weekend And I hear somebody lying on me on bringing idiots and guess who it was?


Who you Charlemagne. What I lie about, I was accused of picking up a water bottle with my mouth And I don't appreciate it. I saw it. Yeah it was, it was, y'all was playing that game. It was some game at Taylor's baby shower. What was y had to pretend y'all was pregnant and put a balloon in y'all stomach, then put your hands behind your back and then try to pick up the water bottle with your mouth. It was crazy. I'm sure Trav won. No he did. No, Brandon, I was accused. Brandon won Of not winning Envy. Yeah, Brandon won. I was shocked. Brandon is great guy. I was like damn. Oh, speaking of hey envy, can you please stop invite inviting me to the you and your BBC boys? I don't know. I don know what you, I keep getting the email to come.


You said BC boys And I rather The Wow what's the big B? It's the B bs boys. The B Bs is the rims. Yeah. I don't Want go NB stop. I Bbc. You doing what around Rims? No, nothing. S what you got Going on? It's A car. It's a car show. It's the bbbs Show. I Don Dunno what's going on. Goodbye the sugar rim. Oh wait, HV, you hung up on him? No, no. Trev. If somebody also said, I think Sean Stone said that you used to talk about me, that chin used to like me. You used to say some crazy things about me. That's true. Oh, Oh, oh, oh yes. After Charlemagne told you that when you first came up, there's eight years ago. Used to talk crazy about gay people Eight Years ago.


Not eight years ago On you. Eight years ago. Yo. Goodbye. But no I did not know that. Bye. Y'all's Crazy. Char used to talk crap about me. That's crazy. Jess would talk about her own community like Right. Eight years ago I was in it. I didn't understand what that long Ago, the other day my daughter gets in the car, she was like, dad, all my friends call you a truck. The BBC. I'm like, what? I said, what does BBC stand for? She goes, big black side truck. I'm like oh my God. Wow. Yes. So yeah, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Wake Up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest man. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. James, what's up brother? Get it off your chest. I wanted to thank you DJ Envy for playing optimistic. I found the blackness last week. I Tell you I was gonna play it for you. I got You. Yeah that was, I appreciate that man. That's what's up. And also, man, the way you went, James Evans on that young man last week about them speeding tickets. That was hilarious bro. Yeah. Oh nah. He was just die. You know what it is? When I, when I heard that, I just seen my son doing the same thing And I was just like, Emini here I did it too.


But when you a little, when you a little older, you realize you get a speeding ticket, your insurance goes up, insurance is already high. You could kill somebody in road. Ain't no reason to be driving 25, 30 miles an over speed limit. Yo. You read that man like a book. Yo. He had him apologizing to his dumb pants. Yeah, he was crazy. Well thank you brother. Hell, Y'all have a good day. You too Now. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's up man? Get it off your chest brother. Okay, how you, first of all, how y'all doing? Blessed Black and Holly favorite. How you sir? Oh Man, I'm fine. Can I say shout out to my PG family? Contagious music. Contagious film. Go ahead bro. I want to say to the young black man, how much money do you have to have before people can openly disrespect you?


So how much money do you have to have before? What Typical openly disrespect you? Mm. Nobody should be able to disrespect you. Re regardless of your financial status, your Financial shouldn't mean anything. Oh, I don't care if you poor, I don't care if you rich like nobody. You shouldn't allow nobody to disrespect you. And nobody should be disrespecting anybody based off they financial status. Well that means that OI was looking at the film, you say I wish it was some black men in the room because I'm gonna say the N word and what y'all gonna do about it. Oh, I I I saw that video Emini here. I didn't watch the video but I saw the headline. I didn't watch the whole video. Yeah. So I'm trying to figure out what's the dollar amount for people just openly disrespected or you know, damn.


No, I get what you're saying. If It been a regular, if it had been a regular person, you'd have been mad. But still, if somebody like that, y'all don't care. I wonder Emini here, what Emini here, who do you, when you say y'all, what you talking about? Like you thought the, the people in the room Emini here. From what I saw, he was just in the room with a bunch of women. Well, Nah, I yeah, you de the room. But then you had, so Walker hop on that talking by Defend. Who, who was who? Worker Sa Walker. Charles Buckley, SA Walker. Oh, I don know. Oh so Oh, sauce. Walker. Walker. Oh, I know that that n word conversation is a is is, I don't even know if it's as complicated as people may it out to be, but it's just like, you know, it's ongoing. I don't think nobody should use the word personally including us.


But what do I know? I, I, I personally don't think nobody should use the word, but I personally think that even if you get a pass to use the word saying I'm use the what you like tonight, what you gonna do about it? That's just total disrespect. And I get what you're saying. I didn't see that. I didn't see the video. I really didn't see the video. I saw the headline. But I'll tell you one thing man. The main reason I want to stop using the word is 'cause I use it just like the white man use it. I'd be like, look at them. How do we get rid of them? How do we get rid of them? Jesus Christ. You shouldn't be saying that. Right? Damn. You go too far. Send somebody get Alright then there's a difference. Go back and watch Chris Rock. Black People versus N-word from Bring the pain special.


There is a difference and we all know it. And none of us like n-word. That is so messed up. It's the truth. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking About? We do Y'all remember that Kendrick Lamar verse, right? Yes. Pushy T from Chains and Whips. Yes. The clips that made them have to leave or choose to leave Def Jam. Correct. The verse leaked yesterday online. The album doesn't come out until July 11. Oh my God. Yeah, it's everywhere. But I want y'all to listen to it. Let me know what y'all think. We gonna talk about Whether this was the verse that should have made them have to part with Jeff Def Jam or not. Okay. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


It's The World most dangerous morning show. Charlemagne to God. Jess. Hilarious DJ Envy. It's time for the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She'd be having the latest on this. Say I'm the latest with Lauren La Rosa. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. Alright y'all. So we've talked a lot about this Kendrick Lamar verse from chains and whips with the clips and all of the, the controversy that is stirred up because they had to leave Def Gen because they decided to leave the verse on their album.


That's coming July 11th. Let God sort 'em out. Right? Yesterday the verse leaked online And I feel so bad for them. I want y'all to take a listen to the verse and then we'll get into the conversation around, let's take a listen. I'm not the can, the vibe with I don't with the Kumbaya. All that talent must be God sent. I send your ass back to the cos mix the things I seen under my eyelids, kaleidoscope, dreams, murder, and sirens. Let's be clear. Hip hop died again. Half of my prophets may go to Rakim. How many assist? Let me down the west. Mind me right now. Therapy showed me how to open up.


It also showed me how give the two town chima. Now with the genocide gen risk, however you want it. How beat the gentle con gentleman against connect the agenda. Her mind moving the body here. The gentrified heavy jeans. Like I drop your show up at your gender reveal and tell them, gimme son every song at Genesis. The what The hell I You good? Turn that off. That's crazy. Like you're eating though. I hate, I hate hearing music when it's not presented the way the artist wants us to hear it.


Context matters. And that sound quality was Terrible. And also too, like when we got the Listen, so first of all this, this was at an intimate listening event that they had in Paris and they had one here in New York, which y'all know that I went to. And when you go, they Never gonna invite you back. I didn't play Drek this verse, I didn't like it. They Said, Lauren, don't play it. Lauren no exclusive. I can see why they wouldn't want nobody to play it though. Just because of the sound quality Itself. And also too, when you hear in full, like I know we've heard chains of whips because of the, the LV show that they, that the Clipse walked in. But when you hear the song in full with the verse, it's just a different feeling. And also there was just so much conversation around this verse that I, you know, this was a awaited and I'm sure they wanted to keep it awaited.


I don't know how it, like how you would go to an intimate event like where they were and post what you're listening to because they tell you not to post it before the I know you're not talking, you just played the verse on the radio. Millions of People, people will posted it. So it wasn't just person that it was Taping it. No. Yes. And that's so crazy. And that's why the angle, that's why the audio changes because it, it like in order for you to hear the full verse you had or hear as much as you can of it, you had to go to different videos. Oh, so You got different people with their iPhone taping it. There was Like, there was one angle of Pharrell, there was one angle. I don't got that they, I'm not in Paris. I don't got nothing to do with that. I think that's whack. I think that you should respect people's art. And I think that when people invite you into an intimate space to hear their art, you know, beforehand you should just respect it.


It's like going to a comedy show when they take your phones and they lock your phone up. They do that for a reason. That's why they should start doing that to these, for these listening events. The sad Part is you could tell that the person I, I seen like three recorders that they weren't hiding the phone. Like you can see Pusha and, and Pharrell and and malice rapping. Like they, they did it but it's foul. You didn't have to hide. 'cause even at the, the one that we went to, like you didn't have to hide your phone, but they were very clear about, look, we don't want any of this to come out prior to because like y'all said, we want people to be able to enjoy it in its entirety. It's special to us. You know, there's been so many conversations around it. So it was just really unfortunate that this happened yesterday. But Kendrick had some balls in the, we said we for sure I started going to therapy. Therapy taught me how to open up.


It also taught me how not to give a FI can relate. And then he said, you want the T on me with his ginger root? Mm. That's, you got some balls in there. He's Spinning on there. Do y'all feel like this verse was worth Def Jam getting Bunch? I didn't What you mean? We couldn't even hear the verse. You heard enough. You just quote three lines, two lines from it. It started getting distorted at the end. The first it sound hard. Emini here. I don't know why Def Jam would beef about over. We didn't even hear the whole verse. That's and that's what I was we talking saying we didn't hear the whole thing. This This I heard please don't, don't develop an internet brain. Like Don't do that. First of all, do First of all, before this hit the internet, I heard it in full. And I, and my opinion is Def Jam should have relaxed and let them do what they did on their label because this would've been great for them. Well how can You ask us that question? We haven't heard it because You heard enough it We didn't.


No, because see that? No, You heard enough of it. No. Get hearing the whole thing. You heard enough of it. That's how the internet Thinks. No. And the reason, And I Didn't form a whole narrative and a whole opinion based off just a little bit of something. Well that was a lot of the verse. I will tell you that it wasn't And I I've heard the full verse but we had Didn't And but I'm telling y'all that that was a lot of what you would will hear when it comes out. I've been Fighting all my life. That's what it sounds like right now. You fighting. Exactly. And if there was a Drake line on there, you don't think somebody would've posted that? 'cause that will, that's Def Jam's issue. They thought that it was, was gonna be an issue with Kendrick and Drake. I didn't hear the verse. Mark it. It's not worth the drama. I don know It's not worth the drama Now other music news, Cardi B.


So she's finally giving us a date for her album. Her sophomore album will come out on September 19th. And the name of the album is, am I The Drama? Hmm. Now Yes. It's called Am I the drama. She's been dropping visuals online. She also teases a voiceover with a visual that gives some context to what the album will be about. Let's take a listen. Seven Years in the time has come seven years of Love, life and loss. Seven years. I gave them Grace, but now I give them hell. I learned Power is not giving. It's taken. I'm shedding feathers and no more tears. I'm not back. I'm beyond. I'm not your villain. I'm your karma.


The time is here. The time is now. Congratulations D Cardi. Okay. Okay. I can't wait to hear some new music. They said it's, it's selling like crazy already. Right? Pre-orders are are pretty good. Yeah, I said that. I saw that she sold 1.5 million total album units already. That's but but but, but, but from what I saw in the track list up in WA is on There. Yeah. 'cause they haven't had a place. Yeah. So I'm sure that contributes to It. Yeah, they haven't had a place so they got it. Gotta go on the album. Yeah. I think there's Especi, Dr. Miss Singles. There's just so much anticipation too. Like people really want to hear what she's gonna put on the album, what she's gonna actually talk about. 'cause you think about seven years since Invasion of Privacy we've heard like features, but Cardi has went through a lot of things in it's time.


So like Charlotte said tho, those are the two records that she dropped in the last what, two years. So yeah, those will go on the album And I love that. I can't wait to hear it. She's still been relevant this whole time. Oh yeah. Like you know when somebody takes seven years off, you know, between dropping the album and seven years off, you don't really hear too much about 'em. Like she's still been relevant where her singles and her features and everything. That Is funny. But that is funny though. I'm gonna give, I'm gonna still give y all these singles. Okay. Right. All right. Y'all gonna get these singles. Right? Right. This album's seven years in the Make It right. That's Right. Alright. And I, And I think too, as we close, I know people were like, how do you, how do you do that? Like why would you put the singles on there? But that's not uncommon. People do that all the time. It just normally doesn't take them as long to release the album before the single or once the singles come out. Well before you were listening to music, that's what artists would really do.


Like they would release two, three singles first and then release an album like that was they Do that now. Not like, it's just Not as, not really not as Much. I feel like the rollouts aren't as strong so people don't realize what they're doing. It smart A month rollout. Like you'll get a couple of singles and then you would get the album. Smart artists do that. So that was smart of her. I Do feel like Cardi should have dropped in the summer though. Me too. I thought it was gonna be the summer. Especially to put out this, your newest record is called Outside. I do think she should have dropped this summer. I thought it was gonna be summer too. Put the Singles out now. July Out now. Yeah, because usually we have like a summer girl anthem. It's still Glow Everything Glow. Well I think summer. I know Outside is it? It has that feeling where it could be that we just gotta get out. It's like a whole body of work. Oh yes. Is the glow out?


I'm sure she be, she'll be Releasing singles the whole summer. Alright, well last the latest with Lauren. Can we play outside now? Alright, we'll get into that next. And then we got front page news. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensing 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30. Morning everybody. It's DJJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news.


What up Morgan? Hey. Yeah. Hey. So let's get into the congressional response to the US strikes on Iran and the seemingly ongoing conflict in the middle Middle East. Despite there being a so-called ceasefire in place now house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries says, president Trump has broken his promise, the promise he made to stay out of foreign wars. The New York Democrat criticized Trump's decision to launch an attack on Iran without first getting the approval of Congress adding they need answers regarding his decision. Let's take a listen to house minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries comments. The Use of military force, which is offensive in nature, must be approved by the House and the Senate.


Donald Trump and the administration chose to ignore the Constitution and so they're gonna have to come before Congress. And American Public University is the number one provider of education to our military and veterans in the country. They offer something truly unique, special rates and grants for the entire family making education affordable, not just for those who serve, but also for their loved ones. If you have a military, a veteran family member and are looking for affordable, high quality education, APU is the place for you. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more. That's ap.aps.edu/military. There's something special about folks who come through without being asked, like your coworker surprising you with your favorite coffee just because or your friend handing you the A core at the moment you get in the car.


No debate, no fight, just positive vibes that kind of love. It just hits different. And that's exactly the energy at and t is on with their new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, at and t will proactively credit you for a full day of service. No calls, no emails, no jumping through hoops. It's just handled. It's like the universe saying, I got you, except this time it's not The stars aligning. It's your network. And let's be real. That connection is everything. Whether you're holding down the group chat, checking in on your parents, scrolling, TikTok, your network's gotta come through. And if there's a problem, at and t is on the case. No stress, no drama, just real backup when it counts. Credit for fiber, downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime, lasting 60 minutes or more, or caused by a single incident impacting 10 or more towers.


Restrictions and exclusions apply. See att.com/guarantee for full details. At and t connecting changes everything. Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody, right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools.


Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th. Hey, what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features.


Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Explain their justification. So Jeff, now I wanna say that right there is the right messaging. You know, I, I'll give props, but promises due all that he didn't, you know, get congressional approval. That's foolishness because plenty of presidents haven't gotten congressional approval. But saying that he broke campaign promises and reminding people that he said no war, that he would end wars. But yet he's starting yet another one using your taxpayer dollars to start another one. That's the right messaging. Yeah, well, Jefferies said the move goes against the constitution. He added that while Iran cannot, everyone agrees that Iran essentially cannot have the nuclear weapon. But he says the Trump administration chose to intentionally ignore the aggressive diplomacy that was available.


Now, Jefferies also noted that a briefing with the gang of eight congressional leaders has not taken place. So again, Congress is looking for that. So-called that meeting essentially, I'm kind of Confused, maybe somebody could fill me in. I, I thought the fact that he made sure Iran didn't have any nuclear bomb was a good thing. I thought that was a good thing. And the fact that Yes, that's the thing. Everyone Thought that was a good thing. So are they mad that he did it or not? I think they're mad that he did it without their approval. He, they're upset that he did it without, you know, speaking to them about it. Essentially talking to them about it. Because when you talk about conflict and war, Congress is the one that has to make the approval on that. So yeah, But that's hypocrisy. Like, you know, like, like I was saying yesterday, presidents don't even do that anymore.


The Obama didn't do it. Biden didn't do it. Clinton didn't do it. Like, like not getting congressional approval had become routine when it comes to stuff like that. Well, meanwhile, along party lines, Republican US representative Marjorie Taylor Greene of Georgia says, president Trump's decision to bomb Iran's nuclear sites feels like a complete bait and switch. So this seems like the Republican party does appear to be a split on this decision. The Georgia Republican wrote on X that Trump's MAGA agenda promised no more foreign wars, no more regime change and world peace. She added that only six months in we are back into foreign wars regime change and World War Wari, although, excuse me, side note, there is no World War ii.


Let's just be clear about that as of now. So Green went on to say that it feels like a complete bait and switch to the neocons war, Moners and military industrial complex. Of course, hours later Trump announced that Iran and Israel have agreed to a ceasefire, which appears to be shaky at this moment. And of course you guys are in New York. So New York remains on high alert, I'm sure DC as well where I am. And LA has also been named. But New York remains on high alert after Iran launched those missile missiles at the US Air Base in Qatar yesterday. Now New York governor Kathy Hoko says, although there's no credible threat to the state right now, the state is taking all the necessary steps to protect New York from possible retaliation closer to home, saying that, you know, New York is no stranger to this and that they've been here before.


So let's take a listen to New York Governor Kathy Hools comments. We are a place that has been attacked before. We are the financial capital of The World, the head of the cultural center for our country and indeed The World as well. They have family members in the Middle East, religious groups, whether it's the Jewish or Muslim communities. We have the largest groups in the state of New York of anywhere in the country. And we're gonna continue letting them know, we'll defend and fight against hate crimes. So she went on to say that all state agencies, including the throughway authority, the DOT and the MTA, airports and utilities are on high alert adding that Bridges, tunnels and passenger lines are also being protected. HoCo went on to say that she knows there are people that are scared in New York, particularly those with loved ones in the Middle East and those of the Jewish and Muslim faiths.


Patrols have also been boosted at houses of worship because of these conflicts. Now today. And I, I don, I don't like when they do that though. I, I understand, you know, why, you know, you know Jewish people or you know, Muslims would feel, you know, afraid. But we all got a sense of anxiety. Like we all here in New York City for when them planes crash into the towers, they didn't care who was in there, what their race was, what they gender was, religion or anything like that. So like we all, you know, have a sense of anxiety. But I will say, Hey man, there's nothing you can do about it. You know, I, I give all praises due to God. I believe in God and Emini here, I think we'll be okay. But if not, then that's God's will too.


That's, that's, that's your time. I ain't gonna lie. I was at the Capitol yesterday in the office and the, when the strikes happened And I was like, oh yeah, let me get outta here. And in case you missed it, I think this is very important news before I go, not relative to all this conflict, but still very, very interesting on the home front, the Supreme Court is allowing the Trump administration to deport convicted criminals to so-called third countries. Even if they have no connection to the nation. Convicted criminals. I did not say anything about migrants. Immigrants just convicted criminals. So places like South Sudan and Venezuela are included on this list. And this puts a hold on a federal judge's ruling that said that those being deported should have a chance to bring claims that they would be at risk for persecution or death if sent to another country.


All three liberal judges on the court dissented. So, so, so when You say convicted criminals, like if I say, say if I was born and raised in Detroit, Michigan, say it And I commit, I'm asking, I don't know And I commit crime. No, that's What I'm talking about. It's convicted criminals. That's why I'm saying we're not talking about migrants or someone who immigrated here and did, did something talking about that sounds crazy. He did say Homegrowns are next, didn't he? Let's listen to the president when he speaks. Okay? 'cause he's not playing. The Supreme Court is allowing the Trump administration to deport convicted criminals out, uhoh party out, Country, out, out. It depends on what you did. Depending on the crime, we you gonna send 'em? I don't care. Depending on the crime. If you, if you, if you could, if you do a crime that's so Hein, let's say you go and you kill seven, eight year olds or rape A child.


I Don The, the mass shootings, right? Like the mass shootings, the school shootings. I, I could care less what they Send you when you put 'em, you gonna drop 'em In? I a I could care. Hey, I could care less. He don't care. I don't care. If you walk into a school and you kill eight, seven year olds, eight year olds. I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't care where they send you. I agree. I I hope that that would be a deterrent. Hey, they gonna send you stupid ass to El Salvador now. I agree. You know what I'm saying? You don't want Right. What Happened if you don't do it and they say you did it and they send your asses out, That's different. You see what I'm saying? As long as you got proof of, but you can say that with a bunch of, though, you can say that with the death penalty. You can say that with a bunch of different things. Right? As long as you got proof Of that without doubt. I'm not mad at you. If you, yeah, you Wanna do a mass murder, I Gotta hear more because this is the first time I'm hearing it.


This Morgan And I gotta read more on it, but just based off what you just said on the face, Right? I Ain't, depending on what you did, ain't too mad about huh? No, But you know, know all the People do crimes will be mad at it. But yeah, like you said, you wanna kill a bunch of kids, you wanna do a mass shooting? You Yeah. I ain't mad at You. Yeah, let's just hope we don't make any mistakes on this one. But yeah. Alright y'all, that's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com. Thank y'all so much. Have a great day. Alright, You Morgan, now when we come back, the host of the podcast Decisions Decisions will be joining us. Their new book, no, host Barr is out today.


Mandii B and Wheezy will be joining us. So we're gonna kick it with them next. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club That if, if, if anyone's curious at like, really the full scope of it. My comp for this is Chicken soup meats, Zane. So you have, You have, you have the self-help ver version of it. You have the, like where I'm holding the mirror up to myself talking about the things that I needed to unlearn. But then we also add the erotic element in it so we get into details about our sexual experiences. It's a Fun Back and forth. Yeah, it's a really Good back and forth. I like bouncing for the book while reading. So it's not that Mandii And I wrote the stories together.


You read one story and one that's kind of on the same theme. It's broken up into pain. Oops, sorry. Birth control, pain progression and power to fall. Peace. Yes, the Peace Power. The peace. Her birth, Birth control alarm went off. It's been going off every morning interview. Oh my god. Did You take it? Girl, I'm gonna have to, we gonna have to cut this. I can, You gotta get a shot. No Birth control pill. Okay. Okay. Okay. So basically in the book, what happens is, let's say you reading pain, it might be A-B-D-S-M story. Then it may be a story about an assault. It may be you getting spanked, it may be heartbreak. So it's pain and pleasure from like every aspect. And it gets real fun to just like jump around. You're like, ooh, it gets sexy.


Ooh, it gets dark. I, I think I've never read a book like this. Like erotic self-help, Erotic self help. Listen, the B dm, the BDSM story was a lot. Was it that Mandii seemed to, it is weird, right? Because Mandii seemed to enjoy the BDSM. Her story seemed a little bit more. Okay, this would BDSM to be Yes. Your wheezy felt like you really just wanted to get dominated in ways that Oh, on the leash, The, the, the dude that made you sit by the door on your knees and oh That was py. You know, it's, That is weed. That's some people's pleasure To be The man said the Funny part y'all.


So, you know, while reading the story, it feels sexier, but here's what was going on in my real head. The dude made me turn around. I wasn't allowed to look at him until he was in me. So I'm thinking he's gonna walk in the door. At first he said no, turn around. So I'm just sitting there at the front door, I'm like, oh, please don't let this be the super, like, I don't know what's going on. So when he comes in, I'm still just facing the window, not looking at him. I'm completely blindfolded. I'm like hands tied behind my back, everything. And he's just still back there. Now he's starting to make a drink and do and I'm like, I'm just seeing him. Oh Yeah, my, my, my video some chapter was so different. I talk about going to a dungeon three different times and one time was learning the art of pleasure. Like she was literally teaching a dom how to flog the next time it was like black ad tech week.


And so seven women who didn't know each other sat in a circle and shared all of their sexual desires, their traumas, strangers. It was so that corporate whole circle. And it was so dope. It was so dope. And then the last time I went with an ex-partner, but that chapter to me, especially now living in Atlanta, it's been really interesting to be in the Bible belt. Seeing how many, how different it is. Like in New York, I didn't realize the privilege that we have to live out loud. Oh yeah. Our sexual preferences, our identities, however we wanna be. We can be in New York and now moving back to the south, I'm like, oh, especially us black and brown people don't have that privilege. You're, you're a lot of them still go to church on, on Sundays and have to kind of identify with what the church tells them how they should do.


And so it's just really dope that over the last 13 years living in New York, I got to find my community. I got to find lifestyles. I got to find people who know that BDSM could be safe. Like that's why I hate the conversation around the Didi trial right now because it's muddying what consensual freakiness, BDSM, all of that can look like. And it's just getting A little muddy. Well I've been listening to y'all for a long time. It's stuff that happened in the DIDI trial. I ain't never heard y'all talking. No, I ain't gonna hold you. Read the book and learned another new term. Uhoh. For what? For people who love steaming. There you go. Know about damn so great school. And I what I'm saying, I'm like, oh, Diddy's a bull brother.


Yeah. You know what it is? You spit it up. That's not what he is, Lauren. No, no I don't, I I don it way dad. But the way Weedy described it, she was like, I love it. I love to see, I love to see a dripper. Now I feel like I'm listening to my dad tell this story. But I don't want people to think that this book is, it is sex, but it's all has a purpose to it. Do You know what's crazy? We had a call with Charlotte like the, the amount of time it actually took for us to write this book. You have two, two people where yes we agree on so many things. We have different approaches to life And I think you get to read that in the book. But it was really important to me as liberated women as having the podcast Horrible decisions for so long.


For me starting the pod at 26 and now being 34 years old, it was really important for me to share like my regret where I had shame. Yeah. Like where I've learned from my own mistakes that this is not how I want to like receive love anymore. And so I literally get to where even how like casual sex is different now. I seek intimacy. Like there's so many differences in, in the ways we have to unlearn how we show up in the bedroom or how we show up with men or women in partnerships. So I just really liked that when having the conversation with Charlotte. He was like, nah, y'all gotta put like those reflective moments. You have to dig into the mental health of it because sex and navigating dating and relationships is mental health.


Like y'all know these men will have you have you throwed. Alright, We got more with Mandii B and Wheezy when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJ n Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa is here as well. We're still kicking it with Mandii and Wheezy from Decisions. Decisions. Their new book No Holds Barr is out now. Lauren, I thought that the Trigger Warn was so responsible of you guys. 'cause when you watch your podcast, you just never know what you're going to get. Yeah. And you just have to kind of know you guys. But with the book, because you don't see you and this trigger warning when you tell people to like prioritize their wellbeing and consider skipping some sections that they need. I was like that was, It's like a TV show you ever watch like General Hospital and then you in a bad mood or not General Hospital.


Sorry, what's the other one? Grey's Anatomy. Like you just get in a mood. There's some shows that get you in a, in a happy mood. Like I have a comfort show I watch to go to bed. So with this book, considering that there's not one story in here, I feel like I could bet my life that a woman doesn't connect to whether it be assault, whether it be even the confusion and conversation surrounding having someone hurt you that you love. So you look away from it. Or trauma within figuring out who you are with your sexuality. Like I know that with myself, I have a story about how my mom knew I liked women when I was a kid. But imagine someone reading that and didn't have that, those open arms. My mom definitely was still black mama.


Like, okay, kiss them girls who go had a baby, which one of y'all gonna had a baby, right? Not everybody gets to experience that. And so where Mandii talks about even some of her pleasures being confusing 'cause of homophobia. Like we don't know who we are sometimes while we're on this journey. So to be able to make a guidebook essentially felt really good. There was something that I've been talking about recently. We offer a masterclass that comes free with the book. 'cause y'all know people love free stuff. Like they, they'll get it, but they're like, what I get else. Yeah. So we was like, okay, we've been pushing people to pre-order the book. It's out now. But for this whole first week that the book is out, we created a masterclass broken into the same pain, pleasure progression chapters.


So if you're reading about, like you read probably in the portion that you're in, like the story about me with women, like I talk about learning how to Please a woman. I as a Woman, I was say, does the masterclass teach you the physical things you talk about? Well as how to deal with the mental, I take my hands and my fingers. I go, this is how you do It. So explain, explain. You are three and I'll explain mine three. So for pain In pain, I'm not sure what I have in pain. I think I don't. Red flags getting over. Oh yeah. So I see dating coach who basically walks you through every single green flag and red flag you should be seeing and knowing on a date. 'cause in the book, our dating experience is a up. That's what I want everybody to know. I'm not telling you that I'm a dating expert, I'm just telling you I dated all these nigga 400 pages of it.


And we learned and And women and women And women. And I learned. And so then I said, damn well we can't be preachy because you know, people learn with us and through us. So, and the course, I sit with her and we learn that in the next one. I talk, I talk all about money because I'm 34 years old. I've been able to do very well for myself on several businesses, retire my parents. And I feel, feel like everybody always asks me what to do. So I listed out every single thing I done. I Love that chapter because that, you know, we always hear conversations about sugar daddies and my thing is, look, what are you getting out of it, Adam? This? Yep. And don't get me wrong, you did it right. Absolutely bad. But then I was like, hold on. If the bag is more than the bank account, are we eating? What are we talking about? Right?


Yeah. So I, I break down, you know, how to spend your money, whether you got a thousand dollars or $10,000 worth to allocate it. And then of course literally how to eat vagina. But what's cool about it, it has, it has like worksheets attached like, and one of my favorite portions of it is the manifestation rituals I do. So there's like five minutes of me telling you how to visualize and manifest. And I learned how to do this for myself. I don't think I'm smarter than any of my friends. I dropped outta college, but somehow there are a lot of people in my life I'll do better than Mm. And I really think it's just because I know how to get what I want through just thinking about it. The more that I meet successful people, they all say the same thing. They all say they knew it was coming, they felt it.


And I've like truly learned how to visualize At what point in y'all lives did y'all understand like you your own personal duality because there's so much like it's the business person, it's the, you were able to have the sexual conversations. Like when did you really understand that you could do all things and be okay with it? Ooh, it's so funny because I don't, I, I think we're, I'm still trying to navigate that. We were just in Cannes and it's so crazy 'cause I went to this beautiful panel salon culture conversations. It was so, it was so just wonderful. They had us pull out cards and the card was, how did you know you had your like this power, like what did power look like for you? And for me it was now finding the purpose. I think I told Charla this as well, like this book, the people we meet right before going there, I met a woman who literally came to me and she just started crying.


She said, you helped me get through this part of my life. And so we're, yes, we're running a seven figure business here with the podcast, with the book, with all these things. There's meaning behind what we're doing and we're staying here. And so we're, yes, there's sometimes where I'm like, dang, I overshared. I put too much into this book. I'm like, whoa. You know what? There's power in how we've been able to change people's lives. The vulnerability is power. And so for me, I'm like, we just blend it all in one together. And that's what I think allows us to keep going. Honestly, the duality Is the brand too. You know? Yeah. Like thinking about the origin of this show, we were corporate girls that started talk telling our little sex stories. Right? If you watched the first episode of Brilliant Idiots, we Were Ever on.


I'm in a suit. Mandii called out I think, but like I had to to Come from work. Oh yeah. I think I had to call Outta Work girl. Yeah. Like I like our, our journey in this is like just so crazy. That was back when I worked. Mind you, I worked at ey, I was a a, a big four accountant, literally going to h and m right here in Times Square. Yes. I shop at h and m. That's right. We all do H&m jeans On, right? Emini here. You remember H&m did that little monkey the junker thing. We ain't remember Emini here. Emini Here. Okay. But anyway, I would, I was literally sharing how I would have to go from the club to the store to get me an outfit to go right into work. And so those were kind of like our beginning stories. We was having fun, we was outside. I used to see Weezy walking down the street in Wall Street with her pant suit on looking all C like we Again, it's wheezy.


Yo, it's so crazy to like have an evolution of, you know, when people become little fake famous, like I'm gonna say it like podcasters reality stars. They think they can't have a regular job. I was really up in their office like sitting there figuring out what we were gonna talk about for the day. Yeah. 12 like boom. But also Doing my report. And I think people think there's only one way and the duality of it made it so fun. So today even there's been moments where, not today, but I'd say halfway through the pod I even lost myself. Like, oh well I was the businesswoman and now I'm kind of this entertainer. Like who am I? And there's so many evolutions of that too with us as women. Like how do I be this sexual girl but still let someone know that I want love?


How, how can I be seen that way? I was talking to Karen who I met with you, we was talking To Karen, She was Yep. And she said something to me that I found interesting. She goes, it's so funny how now finding love is like exciting for people to watch you because you were the party girl. The fun girl. People think that it doesn't happen. Girl, you was also love a girl. You had a boyfriend ever every seeing two sides of it. Emini here, the Duality want you. That's what, that's what she saying. Who wants you? Yes. Who wants you? You're the girl who's always out there, you on your stories talking about who's gonna want you. And she's like, people love hearing this because they don't believe it for themselves. Lemme tell you something, go live your life. Go have fun, go swipe right. Like why are we stopping ourselves for this person that doesn't exist?


And Ladies, unless you want to date the Uber Eats driver, staying in your house ain't gonna make you meet. No man. You gotta get outside. God, you gotta get outside. But You know, we're told so much that we have to act this certain way. And I think that's the beauty of this book is like, oh okay, maybe The World look crazy. I don't wanna say the word who, 'cause we grown, but maybe they were some wild fun girls. Carefree, you know, that's how you clean it up back in the day. But you could still get there. And we just don't believe that. We don't believe that sexual liberation, sexual exploration can exist while also being respected. And I started to have that conversation with her and yes, like even I thought it wouldn't happen for me. I thought they're not gonna want to be with me for real.


Even when by saying I like women. What do men think immediately? Threesome. Threesome, Emini here. Yeah, it's coming but still not in the beginning. Wait, Emini here. Y'all have it. I Have it. Alright. We got more with Mandii B and Wheezy when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. Djj Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rosa is here as well. We're still kicking it with Mandii and Wheezy from Decisions. Decisions. Their new book No Holes Barred is out right now. Charlamagne, I love that chapter in the book where you talk about how, you know, basically you can't pick your, your your family, right? But your friends are the people you choose Your family. Oh yeah, that was what I said. And it's like, yo, to I Think she, like I said, we probably both said that.


We probably both said That because we, I talk about Sam, I'm talking about how even get to chose choose my name. You don't get to choose your parents like that's in my introduction. Like, but who you get to choose are who really stands out as as your family. And, And those people have to love you regardless. Regardless. Yeah. Those people that love you regardless of everything, your flaws and everything, that's your that Your people's your core. That's Core people. I think we both probably talked about that because when you have women that are let's Just say live in an alternative lifestyle or, or have things that they wanna talk about with their friends, but can't, we both need that safe space. Like it's, that's an easy story for someone that's living like us, right? Because how many people in our lives are gonna accept it? You really gotta go and seek 'em out. When people ask me things like that, like, oh well how do you find or how do you feel better about X, Y, Z?


Like, oh, I go seek out the community. Yeah. I literally was on Instagram one day, made a post like, I need a really fun girl to hang out with tonight. Preferably black. I'll take POC, I'm gonna go get drinks here. Three girls showed up. Yeah. Wow. Like just Randomly. Yep. And one of 'em still my friend today. And like that was literally it. And it sounds crazy, but I just met up with these girls. Yeah. And I know it sounds, it could sound desperate to some, it could sound silly, but that's what I was on. I moved to New York, I was single alone. Yeah. I wanted fun. And you really have to seek your community. It can't be sitting in The house. Nah. And community can come from like, my favorite chapter in the book personally comes with a trigger warning. Probably the, the chapter that I knew had to be in this book was my decision to have an abortion when I was in high school.


And so my friend at the time, my mom couldn't even afford the $500 abortion. My daddy said, figure it out. Don't Give it all up. Don't tell the whole story. Well, Well I want them to read into it because I think what's what's important is my friend who worked at Coldstone Came through, Came through with that. And I think why that chapter is my favorite is because that took place in my summer going into my junior year of high school. Do you know I'd never spoke to my mom or that friend in the 17 year since until writing this book. That's why you say that. So I don't like my is done so I don't wanna cry. But it was so emotional to like be like, damn this was a decision I made And I didn't even consider what it meant for you two.


And so for me having it was very important with the reversal of Roe v. Wade happening and we were talking about women losing their autonomy but abortion still being shameful. I was like, that was a decision that I'm so happy I made, I'm 34 and don't want children. I just told, told Charla in in Cannes. I said thank you because this is my baby. This is my legacy. You didn't just tell me you told the whole room. I Told the whole room. You told the whole room. And Evenor now knows I don't want kids. Gloria, there I'm Gladwell was Listen Malcolm, I'm Gladwell Executive, you all the I, you shamed everybody who had a child there I think. Yeah. I said them kids, I don't want them Happy that you got them. But I don't want Them. When I tell you, I don't know if anyone else is in a duo for work or business or whatever.


Mandii gets up there. Lemme just sit up. We're in the French Riviera. We are now black effectors out there and here are the black lineup. It's Charlemagne Quest love Malcolm Gladwell, me and Mandii. Oh yep. Now I don't Mean that dazzle, huh? So they have us at the end, by the way, let's be very clear, we was the last to speak. They said best filet. I said they let us speak last I got up, I said, I know you guys may not know who we are. They put us last because y'all are three glasses of one in and we gonna talk about sex. And Manny get her ass off, said, I don't want none. And he gave me purpose in my life because they be attaching legacy to kids.


And I was like, what if they become serial killers? No, I didn't say that part. No. But also that's what I'd be thinking. And these like people Were sitting there with they phones just, And then here we go. So then, so then I go from saying Thank you Charlotte for giving me my baby, you my baby daddy. And literally going from that T weezys like, and we have this book about, you know what Eva Longoria come and help us read our book. No, Before that the Weezy goes, I wanted to hear Malcolm Gladwell say, but you Literally, so so Eva smile. Eva is a doll. Eva is like be, oh my god. Oh my god. So yes, the question was who in the room would you want to read the book?


And that's the true answer I really wanna hear Malcolm Gladwell say, but Eva's here, so I guess it'd be her. And then She stands up and I'm like, oh my God, what's happening? So Wei And I have had this this game when we have guests on our show to pick a page number from the book from zero to 300, pick a number. She picked a little low. I was nervous. She said 15. So I'm like, god damn, that might be an introduction. No it's not. It's actually the chapter Balancing work, family, and education isn't easy, but American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules. A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that fits their lives. And affordability matters too. A PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank.


Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu. Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need.


Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from close to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th. Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features.


Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way.


Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com On masturbation. Ooh. So in front of all of the execs, in front of all the things, It's like we have to make yourself come. We have Eva Longoria giving people over wine in the French Riviera. I tell you ways in which masturbation Dumb in my head I'm like, oh my God, there were so many smarter ones. Why couldn't she get the one about like the scales of homosexuality? Like why the Announce Club? That was good one though. Might DIS because when Eva started reading she was like, it is relaxing. I forgot. Forgot What it was. She was like relaxing.


And It does help me go to sleep at night. I know it's book right now, but let me say something. Eva was so beautiful and trying Don't do this. 'cause I don already said calm Down. No, I wanted to start thinking, you see what she doing? She making the the little Spanish black effect bitch. They already think I'm Dominican. I Oh you Not. No, don't do this Lauren. She did You Just say you not, she kind of gives it We Are black. First of all, I'm a regular degree type. Okay. Mixed with a little leche, But so even way you start speaking in tongues. Yeah, we Emini here. See, But here's the thing, man. And we listen are good in any room. Mm. You know? And, and, and it was interesting to watch the impact that you had on Eva because she even went and posted about y'all later.


I couldn't believe that she posted y'all book later and was like pre-ordering. Hold on. Not only that, hit the follow. She had some dms. We friends now. You know, I thought we asked her to do that until you wrote me and said, how do I post this too? Like First off, how did she get, hold on. How did she get the pictures? Yo. I'm like, how does Eva have like camera ready pictures? We ain't get no Dropbox link. You Know what felt good about that moment? There's so many rooms we're in where someone knows us or has heard of us. So I don't get to be someone's first impression a lot. And it felt good to see it again because I knew the feeling when Mandii And I first came out and people were like, oh my God, these girls are great. Oh my God, I love this. Everybody needs this. To see that from someone like Eva felt good.


And I'm not saying this just because the book is on black privilege publishing with Chu. I just, I love stories that I've never heard before. I like reading perspectives that I've never heard before. And I love honest, authentic conversations and honest, authentic people. And reading this made me uncomfortable in a good way. I love That. In a good way. I Love that because I want to know what girls and women are feeling and experiencing and and and thinking. And this book explores the shadow side of people in ways that folks only share with their therapists. And you all, you know The World. Share it With The World. With The World. The World what you love. T that's why you love this. I'll never forget something de said about you. He said, he said Charlemagne's sitting up there like a pig and shit.


Like, Ooh, Look at me. Gross. I like a little ki I got a good Kiki. You love a key. You key too because it's energy. Tell me, you've told me sometimes I gotta call you back And I be telling y'all got so Oh no, no, I'm good. I'm good. Well No for real, what y'all, what you put out into The World comes back. Yes. And y'all have gave so much of yourself in this book. I expect nothing but abundance for you both because of this project. No holds barred. So go out there, get no holes barred a dual manifesto of sexual exploration and power available everywhere you buy books Now run down some book tour Dates today, Brooklyn.


We are signing books with a moderated talk with our good girl Passport Cudi tonight at seven o'clock at Word. Right At at Word. Yeah. In Brooklyn on Franklin Street. So y'all come and see us there. And then we are at Uncle Bobby's tomorrow in Philadelphia at 7:00 PM Yes. At 7:00 PM our book signing. We are going on the road starting at the end of the month. Nhb tour.com. We're hitting about 19 Cities and we're bringing the pod and book to the stage combined. So it's gonna be a good Time. What's the website again? Nhb Tour dot ComCom This week is HB tour com is super important. If y'all want that masterclass men just listen. If you don't wanna read a book, give it to somebody. No. Just please How to eat vaginas in that masterclass. Yep. And I'm just telling you, we need you.


Yo girl needs me And I can't show up. You need this. It's a few minutes. Just please, please just get it. No hold Barr. Yes. Mandii and we and subscribe to the Decisions Decisions podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network. That's right. It's The Breakfast Club. Now let's get to the what? Nah, I was gonna say make sure you pull up on Mandii and Weezy tonight at Word Word Bookstore in Brooklyn. Okay. 1 26 Franklin Street at 7:00 PM Alright, well let's get to the latest with Laurie. Lauren becoming a street Fair off man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la.


Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. Portia Williams is being featured in People Magazine and if you take a look at the photos, which are posted all over people magazine.com and their Instagram, she is reenacting the waiting to Excel moment where Angela Bassett blows up the car. I Thought that was dope. Yes. And, and great reenactment as well. So in this People magazine sit down, Portia is talking about her divorce and you know, we, we broke the story about what the divorce means, what she gets, the fact that it actually happened, that she won and it happened in her favor.


But she goes into more detail. This is her first time speaking out. Let's take a listen to Portia on her divorce. Well now that my divorce is finalized, yes, I'm finally able to exhale. It comes with mixed feelings. It's probably more of like, it's not like a smooth, like it's like, you know, divorces are so long and drawn out and so ugly. But I'm just glad not to be in the fight anymore. I'm glad not to battle anymore. I really hope that I can just send love out and be done with like fighting and protecting myself and being in the defense mode. I'm just ready to move on and live And I forgive myself And I truly forgive him. And I'm done with the animosity and I'm also done fantasizing about what it could have been because when you have a marriage like mine that felt so perfect, you often fantasize about how perfect it could have been and what you could have done different.


And I'm okay now with how everything has happened. Mm, Yes, That's right. And she looked good on her birthday. You see her in that all black baby Portia always looks good. Oh, Poor Sure. Oh my God. Capital PI wonder how this plays out in the next season. Is she gonna do the next season of Housewives? Is it gonna happen? Is she back like fully Contracts Haven't been, that hasn't been announced yet, but I'm assuming that she will be back and we, I'm sure we'll see it play out if she is. But what Simon do I know Simon didn't like that, that interview she did with People Magazine. I know he did something. What'd he do? Well I, so I did speak to Simon's attorney, attorney Of course you Did. On Yama Ferry. And how much That ferry cost?


I'm not for sure. Okay. She was our very Yeah, fat. Okay. So she tells me that they are actually planning to challenge this. And we talked about this before in my report. Right. But she says that they wanna make it clear that although, although Portia's talking about the divorce being finalized, they are not actually legally single yet. And what, what the attorney told me is that what happens is, is because things you know, worked out in Porsche's favor, Porsche's side of of things legally has to now submit an order or has submitted an order to the judge, which is basically like, all right, put together all the details of what I said you win. So remember I talked about the 40 KA month, the equity on the home and all that. And then they gave it to the judge. The judge is looking over it once the judge signs it, Simon via his attorney's plan to challenge that because they don't agree with him having to do a lot of the things that he's being ordered to do.


Also challenge like all the things that she won. Yes. Not the divorce. Gotcha. How do you challenge the divorce if somebody don't wanna be with you? No, all the terms of what she, the terms of, of the divorce after the divorce? Yeah, because How long were they married? They weren't married that long, right? No, they were not married that long. Let me look that up. But I think And they don't have kids Together, right? No, no kids together. Now I do know though that with this challenge and 'cause people were like, well why do you wanna challenge like what the, what would that do? Because the judge made it really clear. What they're hoping to do is get this in front of another judge and if they get this in front of another judge, then they might have the chance where like he might not be responsible for all the things that we talked about. But Portia, she did talk about like the different stages of divorce that you go through.


And it made me never wanna get divorced. She talked about anger fighting, first Of all. I love that you said that. Shut up. I love that you said it. Yes. Didn't say before divorce. Lord. You didn't say it didn't make you not wanna be married. And I love that. That means Make me never wanna be divorced. You're in it for the long haul and it's a thing. Let me grab this book because I might God throw it. What's funny, what's t Nah, I just want you to get married first. What's Tia? Girl, I Do want you to get married first, But I I You Gonna pay for my wedding? No. Ignore him man. No, I do have questions. So, so they were, they were only married your daughter's life. They were, oh, shut up. They were only married. Well it's not Like she have a daughter, a father to do that. Charlemagne, she asked you because you are a friend. Whoa. Wow, Jess. I didn't want say that. Whoa. I'm sorry, Iby, go ahead. Because I'm thinking of coming at you. My, My dad.


My dad just posted the show the other day. Hey dad, how are you? Okay. Okay. He listens now, but maybe he need to hear that. But go ahead and be answer your question. Emini here. Ask Your question. Salute to your dad. What's his name? What's his name? I Don Dunno. Oh my god. Oh my God. This is a tough one. This Is not funny in here. Yo, you want a hug? You need a hug? No, no. I need a shot. Okay, you need a shot? I do know my Dad's name. I got you. Because that was not funny. The fact that I even gotta say that. Okay. It's eight o'clock, we gotta come on. So, So that was the So the question is she was only married 15 months, right? Yes. 15 months. They don't have any children with each other. Yes. And she got all of that. Yeah, she got all of that. And, and and Jesus, That's Amazing. The Amount, the amount of time.


Remember we talked about the 40 k per month. He has to pay that for amount of time that they were together. So it's gonna be the 14 to 15 months that he'll be paying her that 40 KA month. But so he's, he's challenging a lot of these things. We talked about the fact that he had paid money for the home on his own before they got together. So he feels like he should have some more say so when it comes to the home. But she Gets the home. We talked about this. Let's talk about Get the home in Nigeria. I Wanna play this last clip of Porsche talking about what after getting through the divorce looks like for her she's Us. It's lonely. I can't connect with other men. You know, it's like people trying to introduce me, but it's just when it's not the same, it's not the same. I'm gonna do it different this time. I'm gonna be alone until I'm whole. And then when I'm whole then I will, you know, open myself back up so I don't make the same mistake again.


When you go through a bad enough breakup, you're like, I don't like nobody. I was sitting there And I was like, do I like women enough? Can I get with a woman like who can come in and fill this void? Like, but it, it'll come. 'cause what I've decided is that I'm not gonna look forward it anymore. So not gonna like push myself into dating or anyone or trying to figure out, you know, who do I like? Who could I be around? Because this is probably also part of healing. Sitting with being alone, sitting with the loss and let myself heal the loss. And I know I'm crying right now, but I feel good every day. Each day I get better. Look At The bright side. She's laughing. Okay. But she should look at the bright side. Yeah, she can still afford Bloomingdale's. Oh my good.


What if she don't even shop there? What if she is a a h and m connoisseur? That is true too. Exactly. I don't think you'll understand the ComeUp of what Portia just did. Where she might be in Bloomingdale. She could buy Bloomingdale's. I didn't know they Were only together 15 months and knitting have kids. I said that in my last report. You obviously don't listen to me. What the She don't handle kids. Jesus Christ. Yeah. She was awarded 40 K month for the duration of their relationship. 40 K. He's gonna cover the home expenses that she's allowed to stay in for three years. Yeah. And then she can decide whether she wants to sell it or buy him out of the home. If she sells it, she still gets 50% of the equity on the home. Listen, depending, ain't nothing like a horse house Worth like Me Man. Got divorce, see portion naked for 15 months. We don't feel sorry for him And he was happy to be home.


I Don't feel sorry for him. He happy. Be happy to take his name back over there and live life like a nice woo body out. What? He is so happy. That's it. That's why. Well that is the latest with Lauren. You all right Lauren? You holding your head? You cool? Yeah, I'm fine. The Happy birthday, the Solange News. I thought You about to say birthday to my dad. I'm like it's his birthday. Oh No. You know your dad's birthday. No, no, no. You don't know when your dad's birthday. Alright donkey today. We'll give you a donkey too. We'll Talk before after though. Dang. You don't even know how Dad's burned out. We get to that Next, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You're checking out The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right?


1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage. LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30 Tell lot. Don't be out here acting like a donkey High bitch key high. It's time for Donkey of the day. I'm a big boy. I can take it if he feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say out his mouth. If guy say something you may not agree with doesn't mean I'm mean who's getting that donkey? That donkey that Don Don Don Don Donkey Donkey of the Day. Right? The Breakfast Club Bitches. You can call me the donkey of the day. But like Emini here, no harm.


Yes. Donkey of the Today for Tuesday, June 24th, by the way, it is officially cancer season drop on a cruise bombs for all of cancer damage. Okay? The greatest, most sensitive time of the year. All right. I feel everything going on out here right now. Okay? All my fellow crabs can relate. All right. It feels everything. Okay. That's that's right. Okay. Me and Red understand. All right, me and Red got the same bond day. But back to the matter at hand, donkey today for Tuesday, June 24th goes to Christine Marie Spearman. Now we have a lot of conversations about consent, okay? And what consent between men and women in relationships okay? Is all right. And usually whenever we hear these conversations about consent, it's usually about did a man get consent from a woman to do whatever it is they did?


Well there are examples of women not getting consent and today is one of those days. See, Kristen is in jail right now. Right where she needs to be arrested and booked because she took advantage of a man without his consent. Let's go to Fox 44 News for the report, please. Traditionally, when a couple gets married, both parties say I do. But this 42-year-old man in Beverly Hills claims to law enforcement that he didn't know. According to a press release from the Beverly Hills Police Department, the resident reported on June 13th that he come home to a package on his property left by Hicks ex-girlfriend. The package was a gift bag from Bath and Body Works containing products. And a surprise, a picture of his ex-girlfriend, Kristen Spearman, holding with appears to be a marriage license showing them married and officiated by a local reverend.


And a copy of the marriage certificate filed with the county clerk's office. According to the press release, the victim reported that he'd been in a relationship with Spearman and they had decided to obtain, obtain marriage licenses on or about June 2nd, 2025. However, after that application and license was issued, the couple got into an argument and the victim told her he no longer wanted to be in a relationship. Police learned that Kristen Spearman convinced the local reverend to perform a marriage ceremony without the victim even knowing or being present. Surprise, surprise, surprise, surprise. Now I've heard of surprise weddings, but usually the surprise, surprise weddings I've heard about are the guests are invited to an event.


Event that turns out to be a wedding. But I ain't never, ever, ever heard about a surprised bride or groom. Okay? Now you might be surprised about an engagement, but finding out you a whole husband threw the male in a bath and Body Works bag. What if this man was committed to some new cheeks? Okay? He, he's sitting up in his house with his new boo in Old Bay, you know, sending me marriage certificates in the mail in a Bath and Body Works bag. First of all, I didn't know this was possible, okay? Whoever this pastor is who certified this marriage without the groom being present, he needs to have his collar removed. Okay? I'll get him this fellowship. I don't know, I grew up Jehovah Witness, but whatever happens to pastors when they are proven not to be fit the pastor, that's what needs to happen to this guy.


Okay? You know how men say they fear commitment. This man got married without even committing to the idea of commitment first. Okay? Kristen, Kristen, Kristen, you skipped the proposal. You skipped the ceremony, you skipped the honeymoon and went right to the paperwork. You could have at least let this man pick a damn cake. Wait a minute, Christian. You could have at least let this man pick you. You didn't get chose. You chose yourself because you selfish. Okay? You weren't thinking about anybody but you in this situation, worst kind of human to be in a relationship with the person who believes, who feels, who thinks they know what's best for you.


Okay? Now, this poor man gotta spend money on lawyers And I really want to know how this will work, okay? It should be an immediate, immediate annulment, alright? At the least. And I pray that whatever divorce laws Texas have don't apply to this sham of a marriage because this man was married without his consent. This man was raped at the altar. Okay? Call it what it is. All right? No vows, no kiss, no consent. Just surprise baby. You are legally mine now, okay? This wasn't a legal wedding, this was fraud with flowers. Okay? Getting married without someone's consent is like someone stealing your car then ensuring it in their name, but then turning around and asking you for gas money, okay?


I'm just trying to figure out how she was able to get a marriage license. Okay? We gotta make marriage licenses as hard to get as gun licenses in New York and New Jersey are. And the fact that they used to date this was his ex. If he ever had any doubt that he didn't make the right decision by breaking up with her, that doubt is gone. Okay? His ex, all right, his ex, his ex, his ex, he thought the relationship was over. She thought it was just getting started. Can you imagine how the Lululemon this woman must be to think that this man would get this marriage certificate in the mail in a Bath and Body Works bag and be happy about it.


Like he was gonna receive the certificate and think to himself, you know what? I do want to spend the rest of my life with this retarded woman. Please give Kristen Marie Spearman the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh, now you the of the day of the day. Yeehaw. That's crazy. And did she put anything else in the bathroom Body Works bag? Was it any lotion, any candles? Was it just a marriage license? Did she at least, you know, put together a little package?


Mm. All right, well thank you for that Donkey of the day. You don't think he was leading her on though? Like, you don't think that he was like, it's a reason. No, no, no, no, no, no. You don't go through all of that just 'cause you got let on because if you was getting let on, then you'd at least be having a conversation with him. Like she took it upon herself. I don't even know. I didn't even know that was possible. I didn't Think so. I didn't either. I didn't either. Why you saying it like that? You sounded like you did that. Nah, I don I didn't even that is something I'm like, Uhuh. That's, that's that's top notch. That's crazy. Yo Chris, wink. If you need help, man. Oh please. Whatever, whatever.


What we both willingly said I do, don't play with me like that. Whatever. But that's crazy though. I, I kind like her. Jesus, When we come back, that's a new crown from the Joy Reid show. Joy Ann Reed will be joining us. Yes, we're going to be talking to her next. She'll be helping out, breaking down everything that's going on. Don't Going with it. A lot going on in The World of politics. A lot going on in The World of just The World. And Dre and Reid will be here to talk about it. That's right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Joy Ann Reid. Good Morning. Good morning. How Are you? I'm wonderful, thank you. Blessed and highly favored. There you go. Blessed black and highly Favored. Blessed Black and high and moisturized.


There you Go. That's Moisturized, black and highly favored. How about that? There you go. Now, now that you've stepped away from M-S-N-B-C, what's something that you wish more people knew about doing a nightly cable news show? Yeah, It's a grind Emini here. It really is. And I did a weekend show, you know, I did a day side show. I had three shows in M-S-N-B-C and the difference between a weekend, which is like leisurely like, like you're just like actually just kind of taking in all that happened, even though, you know, Trump makes it challenging 'cause he's doing something stupid every day. But on a nightly show it's literally a grind. And it was like 15 producers, a total of like 60 people made that show. It looks like we just on there yapping. No, it's like a grind and it's a huge team to do a cable news show, which is far different when you're doing something independent.


What is, what is the, what is the reality of the Joy show on M-S-N-B-C? Like why did it come to an end? Because you know, you heard so many different rumors. They were saying the ratings were low or you know, Trump didn't want her there anymore. He probably didn't like, like, like what was it? So I, so the, the thing is, that's so interesting and you know, Stephen, a Smith tried to come for me and say, oh, ratings. It's like, yeah, no, that wasn't it. Everybody after the 2024 election, all of cable news went rating went in the toilet, like everybody's ratings dropped. And we had actually just had a ratings meeting like two weeks before I was fired where they were like, you guys are actually losing, you guys are lost less wow than you know, your competitors and you're actually doing fine. So we were, ratings were fine, we were doing fine.


And you know, the ratings have not gotten better since I left. They've actually gotten seen. So it's not like it wasn't numbers. I haven't watched it at all. Yeah. So it's not numbers, it wasn't ratings. And when I got the call, we at first thought it was a rumor. We had seen that there was this like puck story that Friday where, and, and we didn't know what to do with it. We had already done our show. We had wrapped, I was having my cocktail, my executive producer called me and said, look, all of our producers are freaking out over this puck story, so you should see it. And it was like a rumor. We were like, nah, we hadn't heard anything. I hadn nobody had called me. Nobody had said, you did something wrong. You're in trouble, you're on probation. I had gotten nothing. Then I get a text message then early the next morning saying, can you talk at noon?


And I was fired immediately. There was no warning. So to the, And I asked, well what, you know, what's the nothing? They were just like, oh, we just wanna make some changes. They never said why. So I've had to live in the rumor mill with everybody else. So you still don't really know The No. Do you feel like, 'cause you were brought in at the height of 2020 with the election when the firing happened. Was there any feeling of you were used as a voice just during that time and then they wanted to step away? No, I think, you know, just myself, I think about the things that were making management uncomfortable that I can tell you were, you know, stated to me. Mm. And the two things that I think made and, And I don't think it's just the management there.


I think that in the cable news world and the news world in general, these two topics make management uncomfortable in the media in general. One of them is Trump because Trump is suing everybody. Yeah. Emini here. He's literally threatening people to the point where 60 Minutes is shook where a b, C news is shook, you know, he's verbally threatened Comcast by name named Brian Roberts by name. And all of these are businesses that want to do business that need the fccs approval. They actually have to have the federal government's approval to do mergers acquisitions that he can't hurt them to broadcast. You can get your, your license ticket away. He can pull your license and they can't do it to cable. 'cause FCC doesn't regulate cable when they, you have broadcast partners.


Yeah. And you see the fact that NBC broadcast was separate, physically separated from M-S-N-B-C, that feels protective, right? We gotta protect our broadcast assets, which the FCC can. So it's like everyone is trying to navigate this really deranged man who is so emotional and he behaves so emotionally that if he's mad at you in one moment, he may stop your murders just because he feels like it. Like he armed around, he's just like, I'm pissed off. And so they're all, I think they're activating out of a sense of we don't wanna poke the bear too much and you know, know, and I'm not the only person that was doing it. There are lots of people in M-S-N-B-C that was kind of our brand. We were the resistance, right? And we're sincere about it. We weren't making it up. All of us in prime, we were serious about what we were saying.


So I think that was one piece. I think the other piece is Gaza. Hmm. And you just can't get away from the fact that talking about Gaza in a way that, that humanizes Palestinians is not the usual way that cable news operates or that any news in this country operates for whatever reason that topic makes people uncomfortable and it doesn't make regular folks uncomfortable. 'cause I think the majority of Americans agree that what's happening there is not just a genocide, but it's unconscionable for us to participate in. I think most Americans believe that. Agree with that. But I, there, there was a discomfort with that topic that I saw in the policing of my social media in requests to not like certain things on social media.


Just there was a sense that, that topic, it makes people uncomfortable saying You want to see innocent men, women, and children not be killed. Is shouldn't make anybody uncomfortable. It shouldn't, it didn't. With Rwanda, when the Hutu and the Tootsie were slaughtering each other, we very easily in the media said that was a genocide. Right. Emini here, if you look at what Russia is doing to Ukraine, when they bomb a school or a hospital or a music school that is reported as barbaric, it's reported as genocidal. When they're stealing Ukrainian children and kidnapping them to Russia. There's Balancing work, family, and education isn't easy, but American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules.


A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that fits their lives. And affordability matters too. A PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank. Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu. Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody, right? Well, it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of.


I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime Day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th. Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year.


Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode.


Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference.


State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Moral clarity from the media. And there's no hesitation to say that what Russia is doing is evil, but when it comes to what's happening to the people in Gaza, number one, it isn't talked about that much on US media. If you go overseas, it's on a lot more.


And then number two, the way it's spoken about is, I don't know, maybe it's like when a friend is doing something wrong, you don't want to talk about them and you don't wanna say anything negative, but there is a hesitation. I definitely think that's a thing in American media. All Right, we got more with Joy Ann Reid, when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, dj. DJJ Envy. Just hilarious Charlamagne. God, we are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Joy. Ann Reed. Jess, what Would you say to people that all, 'cause we know, we just saw him say, you know, we, we bombed our Iran, right? Iran, right. What would you say to the people that's like, oh, this was gonna happen anyway. You know, because I, I've been seeing it a lot, right? Yeah. Like, yeah, I saw people say that about Kamala Would've did it. I don saying like, this was gonna happen anyway. This was gonna, it just happened.


Now you know what? Emini here. Yeah. They were saying that this was inevitable to go around, this was gonna happen. What I would say to those people is, you have to remember that Bibi Netanyahu is essentially Prime Minister for life in Israel. And he has been Prime Minister off and on since the nineties. And he has attempted using the exact same arguments to get Bill Clinton to go to war with Iran. The Bill Clinton is so pro Israel that when he was free and clear and had survived impeachment, he pardoned a guy called Mark Rich, got himself nearly indicted for doing it. Mark Rich, who a former Israeli Prime minister asked him to, pardon? This guy was the world's biggest tax cheat.


He was such a big tax cheat. He was on the FBI's most wanted list with Osama Bin Laden. He pardoned that guy whose main Q crime. The main accusation against him is that he traded arms with Iran during the Iran hostage crisis. When Iran had taken our hostages, he traded arms with them. That guy, that's how pro-Israel Bill Clinton was. He wouldn't do it. George W. Bush, totally pro Israel. He bombed Iraq for no reason. Iraq had nothing to do with weapons of mass destruction. Nothing to do with nine 11. He still went to war against them, but wouldn't do Iran. What Bebe wanted was us to do a war against Iran and Iraq at the same time, because Iran's Shiite majority now controls Iraq.


And he knew that would happen. He wouldn't do it. Go on to Joe Biden. There's never been a more pro Israel person in the White House than Joe Biden. Obama too. Well, Obama and B didn't, couldn't stand each other. So I think he knew he couldn't get, he couldn't get Obama to it, but Obama gave Israeli military the most money That they've ever seen, most money they ever had. He did all the policy Stop the UN am arguing ambassador from, you know, they would veto any kind of one time they actually abstain, which actually, weirdly enough in geopolitical terms, is like a, a huge earthquake, right? For him to have let us abstain when Israel was being condemned by the un. But yeah, Obama, he wouldn't do it. And then you get to Trump first term, they've got like homages to him in Israel.


They love him so much, right? So in his first term, he wouldn't do it 'cause he was surrounded by normal people. Then you get to Joe Biden, who literally has allowed Israel to commit genocide with our money in full view of the entire world, with the condemnation of the UN on the table. And with BB Netanyahu unable to travel to multiple countries because he's a war criminal. Joe Biden was like, he's my friend, he can do what he wants. He literally was letting them annex the West Bank in our face. Joe Biden literally would not stop them from dropping 2000 pound bombs on hospitals, schools mosques. He didn't care. He took un a and essentially Illegalized the only aid agency that feeds Palestinian kids and let them bomb the soup, the the food kitchen guys.


He was like, you wanna bomb Jose Andres and kill a bunch of his people? I'm not gonna do anything. During the war on Gaza, multiple American Palestinians were killed. And this is on top of Shain, abbu Agla. This was an American dual citizen. American journalist killed him. He didn't care. Okay, so Joe Biden wholly in the whatever Israel wants, you can have it. He didn't do it. The only person who would've done this, the only person who sucker enough to get to, to get, get talked into starting a war with Iran in my lifetime, is this guy. I wonder Why though. 'cause I remember when it was that book that came out and it was Trump's piece, the Abraham Accords and the Reshaping of the Middle East.


Yeah. And the author was like Trump said, of the former Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu. Fuck him. Like I, he was like, I don like, like literally that was his exact once in a while. How did that change? Like what happened? And Literally, can I tell you, I wanna say three weeks ago, the Quincy Institute treat a par a Parsi. The Quincy Institute was posting on his substack that Trump might be in place to actually make a deal. 'cause remember Obama did this Iran nuclear deal where he got Iran to agree to not enrich to create nuclear weapons, but to only enrich to power their country, right? For, for power. And Trump was so mad about the black guy doing that, that he literally negated the deal, tore it up, and, and Iran started enriching again.


They still were not creating a nuclear weapon. None of our intelligence services believe they were creating a nuclear weapon. They were just enriching because of course they have a right to enrich. They, they are their own country. Then Biden comes in. Biden does not put the deal back in place. So this non enrichment deal has been gone all through the Biden term. For whatever reason, Biden did not try to revive the nuclear deal. All of a sudden Trump goes from talking to Iran. He was having talks with Iran, is apparently trying to come to a deal, willing to screw Bibe Netanyahu, leave him to the side and do a deal to suddenly being like not just we bomb their facilities, but regime change overnight. He starts talking about regime change. What is happening? What changed? He said he was gonna give it two weeks. He gave it 24 hours.


I would love to know how bi b Netanyahu got Donald Trump to change 20 years of his belief system in 24 hours. What should we as Americans be concerned About? Emini here, I would be concerned because Iran really does control some of the most lethal proxy terrorist groups in The World. And, and, and just to be clear again, Iran did not start this war. Iran did not attack Israel and they did not attack us. And people are like, for the first time the US has struck Iran wrong. The United States is responsible for what Iran is. We did that. There's the, if you fly in a Dulles airport, it's named after, I think it was John Foster Dulles.


But he, there was two Dulles, there was one Dulles that Eisenhower made the CIA director and the other Dulles was made Secretary of State. And their mission throughout the fifties and the early 1960s was to topple any government that didn't obey any non Western government that didn't obey in Iran. In 1957, the United States overthrew violently their democratically elected president EK And EK says, I need to audit the oil company that we now today call bp. Because BP was exploiting the oil under Iran, which is one of the most oil rich countries on earth. And BP was controlling it.


And he and Mostek said, my people, the Iranian people need to be benefiting financially from this. So we wanna audit y'all. The British were like, you can't audit us. And he was like, I'm gonna do it anyway. And they said no. And he said, fine, I'm gonna nationalize Iran's oil. Iran's oil belongs to Iran and the United States and Great Britain overthrew him and elevated this Shah of Iran, which is like a king in Iran, a Persian sort of king who had, who had been a, you know, kind of like the British King, not a lot of power. Suddenly we turned him into a dictator who then was a dictator over the people of Iran for 26 years. Brutal. Grabbing people off the streets, which will sound familiar now, throwing them in prison without trials, which should sound familiar to us.


A full ass dictator we put on top of Iran. And they, that dictator stayed in place as, as punishment for the people of Iran wanting their own money and wanting control over their own oil. And they, that dictator was overthrown in 19 78, 19 79, by young students who got together and did a revolution and put in place what we have now. And they were religiously motivated, but at first they didn't say that they were gonna suppress women's rights because Iran was like a normal country. You know what Emini here they had nightclubs and normal. But this, you know, this, this, this version of Iran that was created under Khomeini. Under under Ayatollah Khomeini.


It started out as a student movement that was overthrowing a dictator we put on top of them. So we attacked them before we created this monster. You know, so if I am Iran, and again, no love for that regime, horrible to women, treat women horribly, won't let women out of their homes. They're imprisoned in their hijabs. They're imprisoned, they can't go to school, they can't, they're horrible. But the reason there are people rallying around them is they're like, these people can't come in here again. They keep switching our regimes whenever they don't like what we're doing. And now Israel attacked them. Now we are joining them. Of course they want nukes. If I'm Iran, I want nukes. 'cause the only thing that keeps me safe from Israel and the United States is nukes. We need to stop. We, one thing Trump did have right for like a hot minute is that we do need to stop being in everybody's business.


Why is Marjorie Taylor Green right on that? And no Democrats are saying that. How about if we make an argument, can we stay out of the world's business for a minute when He's not taking his own advice And now he's not taking his own advice. Yeah. Which should be the messaging to me from everybody. One would think The joy re show. Make sure you subscribe to it right now. And where can they follow you? Joy? You can follow me on the joy re show.com. We made it real simple. I'm also on joanne reid.com. That's my substack if you wanna read what I'm saying instead of just listening to me. Yap. Thank you for coming to teach today. Yes. And don't be a stranger. Listen all Day. I would love to come back. Please, please. I appreciate you. Thank y'all. She was quoting them. Dragon Ball Z names up the rock. I love it. I'm so, so proud of you. Thank you. It is Joy Ann Re's, The Breakfast Club.


The Breakfast Club. Oh man. Morning everybody. It's C ej, nv Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fan, 10 off man. She gets him from somebody that knows somebody, some, she Gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of Everything. Well it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk To me. So today is the last day of testimony in Diddy's trial. Both the prosecutors and the defense are set to rest their case today.


People have been asking the whole time, will Diddy take the stand? Diddy will not take the stand because the defense, Diddy's legal team does not plan to call any witnesses to the stand. Is That a good thing or bad thing? 'cause I know you'll be reaching out. Sometimes the fact that they don't have a witness to put on the stand is that them feeling like we don't have it or is it them like, ah, the prosecution didn't do its job. We got this. From what I was told, it is a good theory to believe that the pro, the defense feels as though they don't have anything to prove because the prosecution has not done a good job of proving what they're alleging was done. I feel like now I think the prosecution put together a compelling case, especially in the beginning. I just don't know if jurors will look at Diddy as a criminal or just a violent freak.


Well, who knows? See, but that's the conversation right now. People are having the conversation of, you know, was this, was this just bedroom policing or were, you know, the crimes that they're alleging he committed, you know, something that he came together or thought of in his mind and executed in this like mass enterprise takeover. The way that this whole thing has been presented, Emini here, even if It's bedroom policing, there was definitely some police brutality that was going on. Some of it was because what can he say? You know, he know these escorts did come, they did have sex with Cassie. Yes they did, Of course. And he took it and rubbed it on his nipple. So they did come right? And, and they did, you know, you know, have sex with Cassie, right? 'cause she said it, but how do you, how do you fight that?


Do you say, I wasn't paying for that and it just happened. There's Also audio of like, like voice notes. Like they played a voice note in court of Diddy saying that he wanted to fly in one of the escorts. But what the defense is going to lean on from, I Didn't fly you in for sex, I just flew you into Cut your time. And you know, you're to, to be in the vibes of everything. And if, if in that time that you're here, you know, we as consensual adults choose to get into whatever sexual activity that is so separate than what you were brought here for. So that's, I'm sure what they're gonna lean on and that's what's being reported and that's what, you know, again, I I've been told that all these theories that people are sourcing are not bad theories to believe in how they're gonna go. And the reason why people are beginning to talk theory is because once the closing arguments come, that's all you have left to do is like, now you're trying to drive home what your theory is like, what you want the jurors to remember last.


So if they both rest today, when will they be, when will a jury get Well, The defense not resting today. Yeah, she said they might probably Go, they can potentially they can rest today because they're not presenting any witnesses. What they're going to do is, and what they have been doing is they've, they've entered in different evidence. So like for instance, there's been like additional freak off video shown. They're gonna do text messages yesterday in court. They're playing audio recordings and what they're trying to show is everything was consensual trying Show. So the closing remarks be today or probably Tomorrow? No, no, no. The closing remarks depending on where the defense gets today. Right. So if the defense rests today, they'll have to figure out that scheduling. But if they don't rest today, they'll have Wednesday. And then closing remarks will be Thursday with the prosecution and the defense. But if they close today, like if they rest today, yes, closing remarks will then start.


So Diddy might be out for 4th of July or he might be in jail 4th of July. Whatcha talking about? I don't even move like that. That I, You said, you said it would happen before the 4th of July, but You still have to let the jury deliberate. Then there is a verdict. Like there's a lot. But you Said it has to happen. The judge wants it to happen before 4th of July That he wants to, but if there's more time needed, you have to give the jury what they need. And also there's still steps after the jury says guilty, not guilty. There's different, you, you gotta go, there's like processes of things before he just is like, Hey, I'm here envy Trying to throw a party for this nigga. Yeah. What With DJ Lauren on the stand just now you said, You said you took, did you take That positive or Something? No, I'm not. No damn Ciroc boy. I do. Yes you are.


You better stop lying. I said anymore I feel, I feel like, I feel like the Diddy trial is going to end in a hung jury if not a hung jury. I don't see him getting convicted on all accounts. But don't listen to me. I Don't think you'll get convicted. I think it's gonna be, I don't think he'll get convicted at All. I don't think it's not gonna be not guilty. I don't believe that. Mm. I don't, I definitely don't believe that. I think so. No, I think so. No, they're trying to put some money on it. Hung jury or, or he won't get convicted on all counts, but it ain't gonna be not guilty. I think hung jury are guilty Across the board. No way. I think the biggest thing is, is like for the jurors, it's like what Was the Punisher Re According to the testimony, The biggest thing, yo I, this is such an unserious place for it to be so serious.


Did you see the, Did you see the other guy talking that talk? The other guy was talking crazy. He was talking spicy. Which Crazy than the Punisher. What? He was talking crazy. He was like my, you know my, was that the annihilator? Who is it? I don't know what his name is, but he was like my, my meat three times the size of biggie's of Puffy's meat. Oh, You saw the interview that you saw that on the interview. Nevermind Biggie. We did an I know you did. You Right. I know you did you be tuned in? I did, I did. Biggie. I know you saw, I know an interview you talk about it would be crazy too, but, okay, so I think the biggest thing here is like a lot of people feel like this isn't the case that they thought it would be. I think people expected to hear Yeah, just a lot more like Emini here. The the girls, the stuff that you heard was egregious and it was crazy. But I think people just, I don't know, they expected to hear more.


Oh, I Disagree. I I heard a lot. You bump It Was a lot. I Disagree. He must have forgot that fast man. You don't remember the first couple of days and all the things that came out. I Actually, the first Two weeks, I know, I know of the things, but I, for some reason people were still feeling like, yo, the, the government wasted our time, our money and TMZ is actually reporting that they have it from a good source. And I've told that this is not a bad theory to lean into either. That in the closing arguments, the defense will, might even bring up the fact that the HSI agents, the homeless security investigators that have been on the stand, that was one of the last witnesses actually. They wasted their time when HSI Homeland Security should be worried about, you know, the current possible war and things like that.


Mm. Yes. Why you here when there's a war going on? Listen, here's the thing. We don't even know what was on them tapes that they found though. We didn't get to see anything. Exactly. So I don how can we say that was a waste of time? Well, once again The jurors know though. Yeah, The jurors though. I think the prosecution put together a compelling case. Like I said, especially in the beginning. I just don't know if jurors will look at him as a criminal or just, you know, a violent father freak. Yeah, but who those? Well this is you, you spoke to Rolling Stone, Charlemagne, and it came out yesterday. Dang. Oh, I thought you meant Segue was crazy. That Sound like one of them damn victims. You spoke the Rolling Stone. No, I did a feature, I did a feature with Rolling Stone, did a feature With Rolling Stone.


And the reason why I brought it up now is because the, the feature is about being able to say what you wanna say. Well the future is about a lot of different things. Different. They was just talking about like, you know, my career and the businesses that I have now and they were asking me some cultural things that are happening Now. Yes. They did ask about whether, you know, Diddy, his Involvement with Diddy, Not the involvement, but more so in, in the vein of him being able to say how he feels and be truthful about things, which is what his career has been based on. They talked to him about whether the, the theory that this is, this whole Diddy thing is just a whole big conspiracy to take down a wealthy black man. Mm. And I I thought you made a really good point of like that conspiracy is there because we have seen black men be taken down.


Yeah. But we gotta separate accountability in certain situations. Yeah. From black men who've actually been targeted by the government for certain things. Yeah. Emini here, of course we know things like Cointel Pro exists, we know what j Edgar Hoover's whole motives was. We know that, that that conspiracy is rooted in something real. But some people just got bad habits. You know what Emini here, like y'all ain't the Black Panthers, y'all not the Nation of Islam. You're not Martin Luther King Jr. Like no, you just got bad habits and you like baby oil and pink cocaine. Yeah. And semen on your nipple and semen on your nipple. Seriously. Some people just got bad habits. This ain't got nothing to do with no conspiracy theory because everybody always wants to say something is a shakedown. If you don't give 'em nothing to shake, they can't shake nothing. Yeah, no, No. It was a good article. Make sure y'all check that out in Rolling Stone, the feature.


Thank you. Yeah, it was really good. It wasn't just about Diddy either. You talked about Kai Sinat and the streamers and just how things have changed over Time. Why you leave with that. You should have left with That one because we were talking about Diddy And I thought his, I thought his Tate is not. Man, I thought his take was really good because ain't nobody gonna say that out loud Segue. Great. Alright. Yo, this nigga solo made is funny. Yo, he is funny And you just never know. But yes, go check it out in Rolling Stone magazine right now. I think it's on digital now but the print will be out in a couple of weeks I think. Alright, Well that is the latest for Lauren. I gotta show y'all something off a yo, this man Charlemagne is Crazy. Alright, when we come back we got the People's Choice Mix And I gotta remind you guys, I got two car shows going down. One in July in Virginia, the 7, 5 7, and of course one in New York, New Jersey in August, August 16th.


So get your tickets if you haven't got 'em as of yet. We gonna have a lot of fun. Family Fun Day. When is the one in Virginia? That is July 19th. Oh, okay. Okay. That's What's up. And then one in New York is August 16th. All right, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30 Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious Charlemagne Ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Luther Mandii B and Wheezy their new book.


No Hold Barr is out right now. Make sure you picked that up. Lemme tell you something man. It is a dual manifesto of sexual exploration and power And I promise you, if you a man, you gonna read this book and you gonna keep putting it down, okay? Because it is a lot. All right? And especially if you got daughters. But the thing I like about it, And I told Mandii and Weezy this before And I said it when they was here, they explore their shadow sides out loud. Like the things that you might only talk about, you know, with yourself or the things you might only talk about with your therapist, like those deepest, darkest fantasies and desires. Like they live this, they live that out loud, crazy, you know, they've done that on their podcast decisions, decisions when it was horrible decisions and now they put that in this book no holds barge.


So make sure you go go out there and get that and go check them out tonight at Word in Brooklyn, okay? At 7:00 PM Nice. And then also this weekend, your girl Jess, Hilarious and your guy Dei Alexander will be in Virginia Beach at the Funny Bone Comedy Club. We got two shows on Friday, two shows on Saturday. So get your tickets if you have not yet@funnybone.com or Jess Hilarious official.com. And in a few weeks, Chandler, Arizona, I'm gonna be at the WildHorse Casino. Make sure you get your tickets. That's one night only. We got the show at the showroom at the Gala River Hotels and Casino. So make sure you get your tickets for that as well. Yes ma'am. All Right. And when we come back positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hey everybody, it's DEJ Envy, just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I just wanna slew to all the dance there out there. You know, I I, my daughters have the finals or the nationals, which is kind of like The World series of Super Bowl of dance competition. Salute Brooklyn, Brooklyn Dance. Yesterday she won nine awards, she danced, she had two solos, so she came first and second with her solo. So yes, she, she killed her. She won nine awards yesterday and she won Miss titles, so she really, really killed her there. I'm so proud of her and London Dancers today. So we'll see what London's able to pull out today, but congratulations to both of them and salute to all the dance Dads out. I know everybody has nationals this week, so salute to all the dads out there. It's almost over. Dads congrats to your babies. Oh, thank you. Absolutely Nella, man, you got a positive note.


I do have a positive note and it comes from the great Dr. Wayne w Dia. Man, be miserable or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done is always your choice. Breakfast Club bitches you don't finish or y'all done. American Public University with service members like you can access high quality, affordable education built for your lifestyle. With online programs that fit around deployments, training, and unpredictable schedules, A PU makes it possible to earn your degree no matter where duty takes you. Their preferred military rate keeps tuition at just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's tuition. And with 24 7 mental health support, plus career coaching and other services, a PU is committed to your success during and after your service. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


That's apu.apus.edu/military. This July 4th, celebrate Freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life.


Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees, every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply. Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care.


Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity, Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify. This is an iHeartPodcasts.