
The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back, and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massage and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features,


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo, Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The Guy. Peace to the Planet is Tuesday. Good morning. How we feel out there. I feel Blessed Black and Holly Favored. Happy to be here. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's right. It's Tuesday. And my second book, real Life Real Family, is Out Today. Drop a bomb, DJ Envy and Gia. Casey. That's right. A Guide to Raising Empowered Children. That Is right. And Gia will be joining us this morning, so we'll get to chop it up with Gia. Well, you guys will get to chop it up with Gia. That's right. Ask questions all about the book and raising our six kids.


So the first one was a national bestseller, so hopefully you guys will go out and support if you thinking about having kids, having kids. It's a, it's a great instruction manual to help you out on your journey. So hopefully you do pick it Up. And it is just good, you know, to watch people from different cultures. V Jamaican. Oh God. You know, just raising beautiful, Because Chris already started reading Envys book. I'm Not You. You'll, you'll read Envys, but you ain't gonna read Charlamagne. Well, it's, it is more related. No, It's not. That's what, that's what I felt like. I was like, oh, okay. I get it. I'm not, and he's Mexican, Latino envy's bene. Yeah, I get it. I'm not Dominican, I'm black. But anyway. And it's a good guide to read because you know, you black Jess and Chris is Dominican, so you know, y'all gotta figure it out like how, you know, splendid mixed relationship thing.


Why are you feeling Jess? Yesterday was your son's birthday, what you do for your son's Birthday? I'm officially the mom of a teenager, so that 13, the teen on the end of the age means a lot. Yo Ashton, he had, you know, he's homeschooled now, so he hasn't been able to get around his friends that he hasn't seen in over a year. And yo, he felt so good seeing him there. We surprised him and took him to this place called Ava Zone because he wanted to go to Sky Zone. But Sky Zone stinks and I'm getting pretty tired of that place. So ZZ Zone is another, it's kind of like, it's a trampoline park, but it's, they do zip lining. Okay. They rock climbing. Alright. They, do you ever see the, not not X Games, but you know one of 'em little Asian kids be one of them competitions?


The Ninja Games? Yes. The Ninja Games. Yes. Oh, They had like ninja games, Jesus Christ and all that type of stuff. So we, he spent like almost all day there. And then he loved steaks so we took him to a steakhouse, him and his friends, and now they upstairs in my house, bought some kids back with me. So That's good. It's Pretty quiet. All them kids. It's pretty quiet. 'cause I figured right now they'd be playing all types of games right now. Well They just went to sleep at five. I Figured. I like figured that. Yep, that sounds about right. I got Woke up at, so they went to sleep at a good time. 'cause now y'all would hear them right now. Alright, well let's get the show Crack and we got front page news. Today is Jackie Robinson Day. Did you know that? Who's Jackie Robinson? You was Jockey. I said Jackie Robinson. You said Jockey you Jackie Robinson. That is Jackie Robinson. Jackie Robinson Day.


We'll break it down when we come Back. Call you. Damn Dominican. It's Do not Dominican. Yes. Oh, Jackie Robinson. You can't, if you can't pronounce Jackie Robinson, you ain't Black. I said Jackie Robinson. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news. Now. Last night was the WNBA draft. It took place at the shed at Hudson Yards in New York City. And the number one pick was the Dallas Wings pick Paige ERs from Yukon. So Paige Buckets drop on the cruise bonds with Paige Buckets. So congratulations to her. What's up Morgan? Yeah, That's Paige Becker. Shout out to her. She definitely is, you know, a vibe. And you should definitely get into her story 'cause she's an advocate for our people.


Okay. Please Tell me what her last name is. 'cause all three of y'all said it wrong. He said B, It's Becker Bucket and then you Beck Beck. Oh, buckets is our nickname Paige Bucket. Because She definitely do that. She definitely do that. She definitely Do that. But the last name is what? Beckers Becker. Okay. Gotcha. So first up on front page. Yeah. Let's get into a little bit of more sports. Major League baseball is honoring the, the legacy of Jackie Robinson. Today is Jackie Robinson Day marking the anniversary of the day that he broke baseball's color barrier. Now Robinson debuted with the Brooklyn Dodgers on April 15th, 1947. Look, not that long ago, y'all, to honor the Hall of Famer, all players will wear his iconic number 42 in Dodger blue.


Players, managers, coaches, and umpires will also wear a special 42 patch on the side of their baseball caps. MLB established Jackie Robinson Day in 2004. So shout out to Jackie Robinson. Don't tell Trump is Jackie Robinson Day. He might ask why and then sign an executive order that no colors can be recognized. That's right. Oh no. Look, Charlemagne speaking of Trump, you was right. Okay. So despite saying he will s respect the Supreme Court's decision, president Trump and the White House is defending its decision to deport Kmar. Abrego Garcia, a man from Maryland mistakenly de deported to a prison in El Salvador. Now, speaking from the Oval Office yesterday with the president of El Salvador, Trump again said, the courts do not dictate American foreign policy.


This comes as Trump met with El Salvador's, president naive Boo Kelly at the White House yesterday and said, and Boo Kelly also said he would not return Abrigo Garcia adding that they're not too fond of releasing terrorists and that he's not going to smuggle someone back into the US. Now during their meeting at the White House, president Trump spoke more about securing the border and their current relationship between the US and El Salvador. Let's take a listen. But what they've done to us at the border should never and can never be forgotten. It's a sin what they did, and you are helping us out. So Boo Kelly was, he said he was also honored to be with Trump adding that what is happening at the US border in terms of stopping illegal immigration is remarkable.


But let's not forget the DOJ has admitted that Abrego Garcia was not supposed to be sent to El Salvador because of an immigration judge's 2019 order, barring him from being sent there. Now, attorney General Pam Bondy said there's evidence that the man is a gang member. And Homeland Security advisor, Steven Miller said that the administration, or it's not the administration's job to get him back to the us. Let's take a listen to their comments. He was illegally in our country. He had been illegally in our country. And in 20 19, 2 courts, an immigration court and an appellate immigration court ruled that he was a member of MS 13 and he was illegally in our country.


It's very arrogant, even for American media to suggest that we would even tell El Salvador how to handle their own citizens as a starting point. Is this true Emini here? I don't know. I'm not Is any of that true? Yeah, This is, this is, this is, well this is where we are right now, you know, as a, as as updates come every day. But as for Abrigo Garcia moving forward, it's my understanding that right now, Maryland Senator Chris Van Holland has requested a meeting with b Kelly to continue efforts to release and return him back to the United States. But as of right now, it seems like we are stalled in regards to, But, but was he, what's happening? But was he illegally in the country? Was he a member of MS 13? I'm, I don't, I don't know. There's, I have not, they have not furnished proof that he is actually a member of MS 13.


Now he is a national of El Salvador, or he is a El El Salvador and citizen. But he did have a right to be here. A a judge ruled that he had a right to be in the United States based on the conditions of what's happening in El Salvador. So, yep. And So the Supreme Court, you know, told him, told the administration to bring him back and the administration say SMD kiss my ass. Pretty much. Pretty much. Yeah. Pretty much. I hope, you know, I hope y'all know we are in a post constitutional society then. And if we're in a world where a president can dey the Supreme Court, then there are no checks and balances in democracy as we know it's done. Yeah. Well, there, there you have it. That's your front page news for 6:00 AM 7:00 AM We're gonna start with taxes.


Make sure y'all follow y'all taxes. It's tax day. All right. Alright, We'll get into that next, next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest chief calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. What's up James? Get it off your chest, Robert. Yeah, recently I saw that biopic on milli il.


I actually felt kind of bad for them, man. I used to laugh and stuff back in the day when they first got caught with their lipsy thing. Yep. But they, they actually were caught up in the mix, you know what I'm saying? They were dancers at first and know some producer sees them love their look and thinks they should be a group and you know, and they wanted to take singing lessons, voice vocal lessons and stuff, but they never gave them the shot. You know what's crazy? I never watched that movie. That girl, you know, is true Milli Vanilli movie. I never watched it. Yeah. But it's pretty good. Yeah, I never seen Milli. I'm definitely gonna check. Yeah, it's pretty Good. Did they talk about how Kevin ly wrote They record for real? Yeah. Yeah. It covers all, everything. The guys that sing it and everything.


I didn't know that. So it was a group out of Baltimore called Numarx that wrote the rhyming part on that. Yeah, Kevin Ly was from Baltimore too. He wrote right? He wrote, girl, you know his Trip girl, you know shoe? Yep. Yeah. That's a trip, man. That's a trip. Thank you, James. Hey. Hello. Who's this? This is Kane from Mansfield, Ohio. Kane, what's up? Get it up your chest, brother. Good morning. Hey, I'm, I'm Good morning. Yo, I'm wondering why do Midt exist? What, why do who Midt Why do Midget Midget? Why do they exist? Why do, do small People exist? God is creative. Yeah. Man, I'm, I'm so scared of them. Like I used, they, they used to be a clan of them, like a little village of them down the street from me.


And they, they, they traveling packs like a pack of wolves And them, them people was not thinking about you. Right? Like, not, you're scared of them. What do you think you're Your biggest Man? I was scared of, I seen, I seen a couple bitches high on powder. God damn. I'd pay to see that now high on powder. I'd say to pe I, I'd pay to see them on a little cocaine. I would, oh Man, You Can do a little line. It's a little bump. Alright, I, to get that off my steps, I got a fear of midget and man, they traveling packed down there in Nashville. Well, you need to go, you need to go talk to somebody about that because they are not bothering nobody.


I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm talking to y'all about it. Lemme ask you a question. Was it the, was it the mind? Was it the mind playing tricks on me Video when you saw Bushwick Bill, God Bless the Dead or what, which was it? Was it Chucky? Like what was it? I'm serious. I don I I It was Chucky. It was Chucky. It was it like, just imagine like sitting a little Chucky just running around. But Chucky's a dog though. Chucky not a damn Chucky's a child, a kid a dog, Bro. Listen, this thing, just the thing. They crazy man. Yeah. What man say do midget. Same thing, man. That is a four wheel though. It is. It's it's called that's, it's a, Yeah, It's a phobia. I can't pronounce it, but it's like, it starts with a a and it's the fear of little people or midgets.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm definitely scared of them. Okay. All right brother. Have a Good one. I thought I'd make y'all laugh this morning. Yesterday. Y'all have a good morning. Alright. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, char, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now. He'll tell you what. It's we live. Hello? Who's this From? Orlando. Tony from Orlando. What up Tony? Get it off your chest. We get tired of Charla, man.


Always talking about Florida. Man. We New York, man. Be on the news. I'm not from New York, but if you, if you actually listen, I say the craziest people in America come. I know you Carolina. We know we live. Yeah, but I say the craziest people come from the Bronx in all of Florida. You know the Bronx is in New York, right? Don't come to New York, bro. We see on news down here. Except See your phone. Your phone crazy is exactly what I'm talking about. Your phone is crazy. You got a floor phone. It's a goddamn fool just like you. Hello. Who's this? Hi. Good morning. My name's Nurse Liv. Hey, Good. Get it off your chest. Hi. I just wanna remind everybody to advocate for themselves and drink your water, wash your hands.


There's so much stuff that we don't have control over, but you have control over your personal health. Cool. I like that. Nice. Well thank you mama. No problem. Peaceful prosperity to you guys. Have a great day. Same To you. Same to you. Hello. Who's this? What's up, Envy? This is front page. Oh, how y'all doing? Front page. What up? Get it off your chest, brother. Hey Jeff, the first time talking to you. What's up Jess? What's Up baby? How you doing? I'm fine, I'm fine. I'm fine. Charlemagne. God is good homie. Peace King. How you doing black man? I'm good, brother. Hey, first off, real quick, I was just wanting to talk about that deportation thing. Y'all making it, it one sided. It's not that the US didn't okay the boy to come back. They okayed him to come back El Salvador. That, that, that dude that was with the president, he said he's not releasing him.


He was like, if there was any indication that he was in a gang or whatever the case, he, he was like, I'm not gonna let him potentially let him back out in the streets and send him back to the us. It was like disrespectful for them. But he was like, he ain't even thinking about letting him out. So it's not on us. We were supposed to provide him with a plane the same way we shipped his ass over there to bring him back. And that was, that could be done. But that Salvadorian president, prime minister, he's like, nah, he ain't even letting, he ain't even been entertaining the idea. I don't know where the fight goes from there. That Is, that is, that is true. But you're lying. Donald Trump absolutely positively said no. Like, like, yes. The, the, the guy from El Salvador said that too. But Donald Trump actually said no as well. What you talking about?


Yeah. He said no. Like he's not providing, he's not sending a plane to bring his, bring his ass back. Like the court granted it. Bring him back. Alright bet. Do it how you do it. But he that Salvadorian, he ain't having it. He's like, nah, it ain't even gonna happen. That's, but you, you're, you're not telling the story correctly, sir. Like, you're, you're telling half of the truth. And I don't understand why like Trump literally gave the Supreme Court I good story yesterday. Well, you, you need to read again. Trump literally gave the Supreme Court his middle finger. He's defying the Supreme Court. And then one more thing, and then with the, with the politics and all that. Man, I just want the people to know this is big business man. This ain't for us, man. We just sit back and watch and just let this thing happen. Because again, our ancestors gave these people power and they sit it on us all over.


So it's not even our story. Let this thing play out and everybody just do what we need to do for us. That's what we need to focus on us. And that's what I wanna Say on that. I agree with. All right. Political pundit, front page. Thank you brother. You got it. My brother. Steve, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yes. So Blue Origin sent Gail King and Katy Perry and all the girls to Space. Yes. And we thought it was all good. They made it back home. They were safe. But baby, it's some people upset. It's some upset. Upset. And I didn't know it was such a issue. Said Over What them going to space. It's a whole thing. I ain't never seen the girls fight like this, Yo. No. They pissed off about it. Yes. Talking about the money, the amount of money that they spent and up the environment.


Tell us later. Don't Get it. Yes. You gonna say the names of people that are upset? Yes. You got Olivia. No. Hey, we'll do it when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming with Free Fish. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit bit about everything And she be having the latest on you, Lord, the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me.


All right, so yesterday we talked about Gale King, Katie Perry. There's a ton of women that went up in space yesterday. Gale King, Aisha, Bo, Amanda, Gwen Gale. Sorry, sorry. So Gale King already. Carrie and Flynn and Lauren Sanchez went up to space. Now they were there for the total. It all was about 11 minutes. They went up, they circulated for a bit. There's videos of them. You see them like floating and allegedly Ka Perry sung while she was in air. And they come back down and they hit the ground. So when they hit the ground, we're seeing them, you know, get out of the, the, the shuttle and everything's like, yay. Go. Y'all did it. And then all of a sudden online, the people not even after during it, the people just started getting so upset.


When are they not upset online about something I, y'all now, and y'all know, I'd be on Twitter and I'd be seeing the upset and I'd be like, okay, I guess this, I was like, there's so much more to be upset about. And their issue was there's so much more we could be spending time and resources on. So model Emily Rodowski was one of the people. She got online and she posted a video. Let's take a listen. That space mission this morning, that's an in time. Like this is beyond parody thing that you care about Mother Earth and it's about Mother Earth. And you're going up in a spaceship that is built and paid for by a company that's single-handedly destroying the planet at the state of The World. And think about how many resources went into putting these women into space. For what?


For what, what was the marketing there? And then to try to make it like I I'm disgusted. Literally I'm, I'm disgusted. Yeah. And that was a lot of people's sentiment. I know. I saw Olivia Munn a lot of people's Sentiment, A lot of people's sentiment. I saw Olivia Munn on Jen and friends yesterday, and she said the same thing. Like, it's disgusting. They're wasting resources. They're destroying our Irv. This should not be what like gold women is about. And I'm like, oh my God, this is nothing Wasting whose resources though? They're talking about, I guess like, just because It wasn't a government funded project. I, I think that they're talking about the, I don't know, basically It's, it's Not public home broke. They, you know what Emini here, they may they upset. They probably need some bread.


It's like, yo, what? Like, it, it was just stupid for people to get upset. I, the, the interesting thing that I saw, Wendy's has something to say. Wendy's. Yo, Wendy. Wendy's, yes. The restaurant. Wendy's, Katie Perry. They was like, Katie Perry returns back from space. Wendy's going to eat, eat, send her ass back. Well, I didn't say send her ass back, but they said send her back up there. Yes. Yeah. But it wasn't publicly funded. From what I read, it wasn't a commercial mission. It wasn't paid by taxpayer dollars. Like so what's the, what's the issue? I thought, I actually thought Jeff Bezos paid for it. I don't know. That's, I thought Beyonce was on the point. Yeah. I don't know who pays for it and how that works. But I also did read too, because people were so upset, I wanted to know how, like, is it really destroying it as far as like the pollution Exhaust, stuff Like that.


Yeah, pollution and stuff like that. And they said that they, all of this stuff is sustainable that he's been using. I don't know y'all, but but Those are the same people that, that are mad at celebrities when they fly private, when, you know, they'll be mad at Taylor Swift. They'll be mad at celebrities for flying private. It messes up the community, messes up The World and all that other stuff. But Emini here, like you said, Charlemagne, if they paid it out their own pocket Emini here. That's, that's from what I read, from what I read, the government didn't fund that trip to space. It was actually curated by Jeff Bezos fiance and it wasn't publicly funded. So I don't what whose resources are they talking about? Jeff Bezos wanna spend his own money on stuff like that. I don't for commercial tour space tourism. I don't care. That's his money. Yeah. It says that the NS 31, which was their flight, was paid for by individuals on board as well as Blue Origin itself.


While the exact amount paid by each individual was not publicly disclosed, the, you know, normally when people bid for these seats, the highest bid can go for $28 million. But it's not disclosed how much they paid. The company also requires a refundable deposit of $150,000. But their process is not disclosed. And, And, and Blue Origin has received government contracts before, but when it comes to their commercial space tourism, it's separate from that. Correct. So this isn't publicly funded. And I, y'all know, this is our girl. I saw the first person I saw actually on my timeline this morning, it was Senator Nina from Senator Norina Turner. She said, Jeff, if Jeff Bezos can send Katie Perry into space, he can pay a wealth tax. So every American has debt-free healthcare.


Nah, I agree with that. And people started, that started a a a huge thread of conversation online as well. But funny enough, you know, when Gail went up in space, y'all saw the video of her when she was walking down Yep. Ringing the bell. People was like, oh, Gail is regretting this. So She looked good though. She looked real Good. Yeah, she fine. Drop on a bump with Gail King, king Burgundy wig on. She looked Good. Yeah. So Oprah was there to send her off and they gave each other a hug. This is the photo of her looking a little bit nervous. She said, yeah, she Looked nervous. She said she was a bit nervous. But let's take a listen to her response to her going viral yesterday Hearing I've become a meme. Because my facial expressions, when I was walking on the bridge to get on the capsule, I didn't realize that I was being photographed at that moment.


Nor did I realize that my expression looked so terrified. But I was, I was, I just thought, I'm just going to go in and get in my seat and I'm gonna do this. I knew I was always gonna do it. Although that you were told that if you're going to back out, you have to do so before two minutes and 30 seconds. You have to say, I'm I'm not going to fly. Well, I knew I wasn't gonna be that guy, but getting on it was a little scary. It was a little scary. It Was a little scary. So let me show that. I was apprehensive. I tell you, look at the picture when I got off the capsule, that's the one that matters. That's the victory speech. That's the one that matters. I'm so glad to be back on earth. Welcome home as a new meaning When she got off to his face down.


Ass up. Yes. Oh my God. I know That Though. Yes. But it's just crazy for you to say Gayle King. But she Was, that was a good time. Yeah, right. That's The lady who just said last week, like what she said, just ree. So when she got off the, when she got off the, the flight, Gail, like everybody else, they were kissing the ground. That, that's right. They were doing a ton of stuff. She, She had the, she had the dirt in her hands and all that. She grabbed the dirt in her hand. She, you know, I think this is almost like a, I thought, I Thought she was doing a celebratory twerk just because I saw the still picture. She, like, I didn't, no video. Not the RK Gallion all the way over. Gail came off the spaceship and did a celebratory twerk drop on the closed bomb with Gail King. Go ahead, Gail. And I don't think there's many people that wouldn't have this type of face when they're going into space.


I don't think there's anybody that, nah, you have this face 'cause you're scared. You're scared and you're thinking about, did I poop? Did I pee? Did I make sure I leave everything for my family? Yes, you have this face. Or what I would be thinking about is how it took eight or nine months to bring two people that got stuck up. Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better.


Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out, watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around for. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the


table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at and t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts.


State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


They're back. But y'all went up there in what, like a couple minutes Back. But y'all, y'all n be so dramatic. Did I pee? Did I poop? Yes. Did I leave everything to my family? Yes. Yes. How you going from pee poop to leaving everything to your family? That's What you thinking. I feel like. What else would you be thinking? Yes. That's what you thinking. Well, I went skydiving And I thought the same thing. I had this same face on. Did I leave everything for my kids? Did I write everything right? Did I pee? Did I poop? Yes. Because you nervous as ish. Well, if you gonna die, it don't matter if you pee the poop. Right? Right. That's the point. No, because you want, if you have to go to the bathroom on your way up, you there Is though. But if you're planning on dying, what's the point? But no, it's not just about dying. If you're in a rocket ship, go into space. There is no bathroom. So you gotta just hold at What you was planning on dying. No, I'm not planning on dying. Just in case. What? Just say I just in case.


Why would Amy say there is no bathroom? Like we thought you just be like, excuse me, Excuse me. This like, excuse Me. That is though. We gotta go to the bathroom. Gotta poop. Lauren. I do wanna know why Wendy theses beefing with kitty preto. That's, that's, I need To know that. Yo. And they straight at her too. They, they, they got the screenshot of her face. They said, can we send her back? I don't know. You Said send her back like she did something. Yeah. She must have said something about so fast food when she landed or something. I don said some other fast food. I don't know. I didn't see that. But they had big, all IC is crazy. All I know people, people love to see celebrities and wealthy people miserable. Yes. And and, and even if they were to do some type of charity, they would get criticized for that. Right? They didn't give enough. Why did they give it to that charity? So youre damned if you do, you damned if you don't. Yeah.


Well congratulations to those ladies. I ain't see no pictures though. They have pictures from them in space. Oh My God. There's videos of, then there's, there's video of them when they come down because after a certain point you parachute and you just hit the, the ground. They're like, woo. They're like yelling like it's screaming Whole thing. Yeah. Yeah. His videos. I ain't seen no pictures, but they got videos. Yeah. I'll show you some. All right, well that is the latest with Laura. Now when we come back, we got front page news. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. Is Steve j Envy just Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah. Envy. I know you like to start with sports, but let's start with some sports at the White House.


So President Trump honored the Ohio State Buckeyes at the White House yesterday for winning the national championship. And JD Vance, the vice president, dropped the championship trophy after the ceremony. I cannot believe it. That's, that clip is circulating online. Did y'all see it Did I did see him drop the trophy looking very unmanly for, for, for an administration that likes to talk about people being so manly. Boy, he didn't look manly at all. Definitely didn't. He Could not lift that thing for anything. So Trump highlighted the Buckeyes path to the title and said that he expects to see quarterback will Howard play in the NFL for years. Now Vice president JD Vance, who is from Ohio, joked that he asked the president if he could skip the inauguration to attend the national championship.


Let's take a listen to those comments at the ceremony. This Was a historic year in college football standing together today. These men in the first college think of that are the first college football players in history who can proudly call themselves 12 team playoff champions. You're the first ones. That's right. I asked the president on January the 20th, he said, sir, would you mind if I skipped that final inaugural ball to go to the Ohio State National Championship game? And the President said, no, but we'll have 'em at the White House. So here we are. Yeah. So there they, there they are. Ohio State defeated Notre Dame to claim its first title since 2014. So congratulations to them. New York Mayor Eric Adams.


He visited the DR on Monday to pay his respects to those who died during last week's night club roof collapse. Now Mayor Adams visited the site of the tragedy flanked by members of his staff and Dominican officials offering his support to the victims and their families. Let's take a listen to New York City Mayor Eric Adams in his comments. Your brother from America is here to be with you during this time, during crises and tragedies, families pray, families lift each other up, family hug each other. My visit today is my hug. So it also comes as New York's new. Of course you guys are aware New York has a large Dominican population and they remain in mourning following the April 7th incident.


Now, New York governor Kathy Hoel was also in the city on Monday delivering remarks at a vigil in the Bronx for the victims. So that is a tragic, tragic story. But I will continue to keep you updated as that story develops. And of course, today y'all is tax day. Have you filed your taxes? Have you filed your taxes? Taxes are due today. And if you haven't even started or you're not done yet, there is still hope. If you're in a crunch, you need to file for an extension. The key thing to keep in mind is to file your extension today, which will give you at least six months. So taxpayers impacted by natural disasters, which we know there have been a lot of in the last year, and 12 states have automatic tax extensions to file and pay their 2024 taxes.


Now, some extensions only apply to certain areas within those states that were actually impacted by storms or fires. You know what have you, if you file for an extension, you need to file, you need a form form 48 68 on irs.gov. That's 48 68 on irs.gov, which gives you an automatic extension for six months. So just don't not not file, okay? Don't do just, just don't do that. All you play with the IRS. If you want to, you ain't listen, get the extension y'all. You ain't gotta file. But the IRS will find you. That's right. You can run but you cannot hide. And don't forget they giving away. The agency is working with immigration too. So, you know, just keep that in mind as well. Something to keep in mind. But I'm not gonna get too much into that.


That's your front page news. Y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network and download the free iHeartRadio app. Visit us@bnews.com. See y'all. All right, thank you. Now when we come back, my lovely beautiful wife will be joining us this morning. Our new book, real Life Real Family is in stores today. And we gonna talk about it. We'll do it when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Guess who our most dangerous morning show? The Breakfast Club. Charlemagne. The God. Lauren Laro is here. Jess Hilarious is here. Who's filling in for Envy? Lauren LaRose is filling in for Envy. Absolutely. Is Envy filling in?


He's here. I'm here. We But she's filling in. Yeah. Yeah. He's a guest today though because his new book, real Life Real Family with the Queen of the House. Gia Casey is out right now. How you feeling Gia? Humbled by being given the opportunity to write a book about something that is the most important thing to me. Mm. The thing I'm the most passionate about. The thing that brings me the most joy. Family parenting, my household, our home. So yes, I'm very humbled. Mm. This is the second book. Yes. It's amazing. You know what, let's just rewind it back. For those who don't know, who is The Casey Crew? Where did that name come from? How did y'all get started?


Do you, do you remember The Casey Crew? Yes. It's our last name. What do you mean? No, No, no. But do you remember how we came up with the name? No. How did we come up with the name? We Were doing our first podcast and it was before we were doing like the audio version of the, the video version. It was just the audio version. And we started the podcast without a name. And we sat there and we kind of was coming up with like different names. And one of us said, well how about The Casey Crew? You know our last name's Casey. We have a whole crew of kids. A whole gaggle. Yes. What about The Casey Crew? And then people, you know, dmd us and emailed and whatnot. And they said, yeah, we love that name. We love that name. So we decided to call ourselves The Casey Crew. Amazing. That's where it came About. Okay. And Gia, whenever you post on social, you always hashtag the The Casey Crew.


Yes. Envy does as well. But one of the things that you guys do really good from the podcast to bringing it online is you pay attention to the comments and the responses. Gia does Gia. Yeah. And you, you guys bring them into the podcast, but you also like reflect on them on social media. Yes. So I wanna read one of the, the posts that, that we pulled. And I thought that this was great. You inspire me. This is someone commenting to you guys, you inspire me. I wish all parents had this level of intention planning and vibe. Truth is, most parents moms are stressed, overworked by trying to make ends meet in harboring trauma. Therefore it's passed down to the children. You've passed down light and love because of that and because of what you are high five to all of the parents doing their best.


And you use that as a moment to talk about like no, it it get a little crazy over here. Oh yeah. But it's important because when you, if you've ever been around your family, it is a lot of love and a lot of light. But I'm sure on the inside things get crazy. Well, you know, that's a big misconception. People assume that because you live a certain lifestyle or because you've earned a certain financial status that you don't have the same problems that they have. You know? So that comment really, really stood out to me because she spoke on the troubles and the trauma and the word trauma that she used. And Rashan will speak on the word trauma. Sometimes he feels as though it's a word that's overused, but it's a word that represents something that so many people endure.


The difference now is that we have words to identify how we feel and what we go through. And it's articulated because when our feelings and our experiences are articulated, then you're able to communicate. Yeah. People are able to understand you. You're able to understand other people. You're able to have empathy and compassion for other people. 'cause now we're all speaking in universal language, right? Like the word triggered, like the word trauma, like the word gaslight, gaslight. You know, these are things that some may think are overused. Now that's exact words. Yes. But there is value there. Yeah. There is value there. Because now we can see each other. We understand each other. When You're trying to create a safe space, you know, how is it to venture into an unsafe space?


Like the comics, especially with somebody that's on the air every day. You know what Emini here, people have an opinion about NV every day. So I read every single comment, Every last comment, every, She interacted a lot. You interacted. I Interact. It started when I had a lower follower account. It started because I always felt that if someone follows me, that's an investment and a small investment maybe. But it's an investment that they put into me. And they're looking at my content. Content. They're looking at my pictures. And you left a comment. I wanna respond back to you. I used to respond to almost every comment. Mm. You know, but then when my followers went up, I wasn't really able to do that.


And that was something that, you know, I had to take that on the chin. I wasn't able to. But it's a sign of respect. And you said, why do I do that to myself? Yeah. Because I'm strong enough to do that. That's right. I'm strong enough to do that. The comments don't, if they are negative, And I have to say I don't receive a lot of negative comments, thankfully, thank God. But if they are negative, I look at it as insight. I might ask myself, why might someone have that perspective? To me it feeds my mental, because I'm a thinker, I'm a deep thinker. I mull over things. I love to understand people. So for me, the comments are food. And they also bring me happiness when they're good. Yeah. It lets you know that you're reaching someone, you're whatever it is that you're putting out.


Because it's, it's, it's in the sense of sharing, there's a lot of things that I don't share. So if I choose to share and it's well received, then that's a good feeling. I think that's why a lot of people are on, or part of the reason why a lot of people are on social media. You know what Emini here and I'm strong enough to do so. And that's because of the way that I was raised. Yeah. I was raised to be a very strong and resilient woman. It comes directly from my parents. I'm fortunate in the sense that I can look back and identify things about the way that I was raised, that created the individual, the woman, the mother, the wife that I am. And it's, for me, it's a very beautiful thing.


Both of my parents are no longer here. So to be able to say, wow, when my mother did this every single day, or when she took me here once a week or when she said this to me and those compliments. So, and that the way that she fed me and she fed my soul. And the joy that I experienced and the amount of fun that I had as a kid. Like, I loved my life. And it's not because we were wealthy, we were not, we're a middle, middle class family. I'm from Brooklyn, from East Flatbush. We weren't raised, you know, like I'm from an urban area and it's not, it had nothing to do with money. It had nothing to do with wealth. It had everything to do with what my parents poured into my home and the love that I felt.


And that is what we put into writing this book. There's a lot of books that we could have written. You know, so many ideas came out. 'cause real life, real love was a huge success. It was a national bestseller. So it's like, you can write a book, good book about this. You can write, we said we wanna write a book about family. Mm. It's what we know best. It's what we know best. We've had so many ups, so many downs, so many wins, so many losses. So many things that we thought we were doing right. That we weren't, that we had to regroup and make sure that we were balanced. You know, as, as a married couple. Because when we didn't agree, it's like my way is better. No my way is better. And this, you know, we had, we had to come to a meeting of the minds. Yeah. You know what Emini here. So our relationship, you know, the relationship grew, you know, because we had to learn how to see eye to eye as parents.


So there was just, there was many, many ups and downs and we wanted to pour that all into a book. You know, we wanted to let everyone know. Like it's really that village mentality. It's really that like we are a community, especially our black community. Because I'm black. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. For the record, he is black. For the record, He's hundred percent black. He have have an ounce of Spanish Black. He's black natoya. But I'm, I know that you're well aware because you speak to things of this nature often, but our history is being erased in schools and it's beings stripped away silently in society.


So the foundation starts in our homes. Yeah. We have to teach children how to identify themselves. We have to teach children that sense of belonging. And they have to understand that they come from something meaningful. And if you leave it up to society to teach them that you're gonna wind up with children that are lost, that are overlooked, that don't know how to identify themselves, that get taken advantage of and that are susceptible to what society wants for them. So for us, our core, our nucleus, our foundation, our home supersedes anything else in this world.


We put our family first. All right. When we come back, we have more with Gia Casey, our book, real Life Real Family is in stores right now. A Guide to Raising Empowered Children. We'll be back in minutes is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. Everybody's d Eugene, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along LaRosa is here as well as we are kicking it with Gia. Casey, our new book, real Life Real Family is out today. You could pick it up at Amazon. Barnes and Nobles or Audible. Jess. Would You say that you and and we have two different parenting styles. Absolutely. Who's the more lenient parent? Who was the more lenient Parent? It depends what it is.


Okay. Like, you know, everybody knows, my dad is retired police officer and ex-military. So I'm disciplined. I was the yeller, the screamer because I said so. Yeah. Gear's a lot different. The truth you did like, Well gimme to again it be like seven hours. Like it don't be Yeah. This is true. Like she wants to know why. Yeah. Why did You feel that way? And like I said, she likes to break down. Yes. Why? If you don't get it, you gonna get it by the end of it. Burn that trip up on them words. Exactly. So you gotta think, really think before you speak to her. 'cause she's like, all right, like explain that like I just said it just because No, no, nah, explain this. But, so I'm more like, 'cause I said so she's more like, well you can't go to the mall because of this, 'cause this could happen. Explain your parenting style. Mine is, my dad was like, no. And you didn't ask why.


It just, you don't why it was what it was. You just figured it out Later. Gears a little different. I prefer the Explanation. Yeah. Yeah. So that's how my parents were with me. I knew that my parents were invested in me living a happy, fulfilled, and fun life. And we didn't go lightly on the fun. And because I knew that and, and my parents never said no, just for the sake of saying no. Hmm. Because parents are overworked and they are stressed. And the last thing they wanna hear when they walk through the door is, mommy, can I, can you take me here? Can you buy me this? Can we watch this together? Can we go like, slow down? No. And sometimes you say no. You don't even know why you're saying no. That's not a good parenting technique.


Yeah. You really have to take a moment. You have to take a beat. We all have to take a beat to listen to our children and be patient. And because I knew that my parents were invested in me that way. I knew that when they said no, there was a good reason. Yeah. You know, How do you make sure you're not, you're raising the kids out of love and not fear Though. That's such a good question. It comes with the explanations. Do you know what Emini here, I don't tell them you can't do this and you can't do that. Why? Because I said so let me explain to you why, you know, sometimes we'll watch the news together. You know, when they're at an appropriate age at about nine years old, you know, I think that they're mature enough to ingest certain things. So what I do is I would record it on my DVR and then cherry pick different stories that I think that are appropriate that speak to the protective measures that we take on them.


You know what Emini here? Yeah. So it's like if I see a child abduction that's not too traumatic, I might save that and then show it to a child that's old enough. You know, I did it with Madison, I did it with Logan. And I find that they take that into their adult lives and they're very, very, like Madison walks around like a police officer. She has a boyfriend, his name is Andrew. And when they go into a restaurant, she's the one that sits facing the door. She feels like the protective force in that relationship because her head is always on swivel. You know what Emini here, she could tell you a car that was driving six cars ahead, you know, and she's always paying attention to license plate.


When she was young, I used to go through like in case you get kidnapped scenarios because it's the type of information that can save young age a life. Girls are being taken. Yeah. So if you have a young girl, it is very proactive to educate them about the realities and the tricks and the cons that people, you know, because even me, as proactive as I try to be, that whole technique with a baby crying outside your house, I would, I would be inclined to open the door. Yeah. If I hear a baby crying in a, in a someone that sounds like a mother yelling and screaming outside the house. I am that type of person, but not me. But now you, I, I am, I am.


And I like something wrong. Now what's Emergency? I would my heart with my, I would be inclined to open that door. But now with all the knowledge and some of the good things about social media is that so much knowledge is being spread. So now we're consuming good information as well. So I heard that. I'm like, wow. That's absolutely right. It jogs your thinking. It makes you say, oh, wait a minute. I do have to put myself first. Even if someone else a stranger seems to be in need, I have to prioritize myself, my home, my family. So, you know, it's, it, it's important to spread information and to teach your kids, even though it may be a little scary, but you do have to do it in a way where it doesn't incite fear.


Yeah. How y'all pick and choose, what do y'all like, what y'all decide to be transparent about? Like, it's just so much, and your kids are getting older and they're like, you know, like they, they're wanting to walk by themselves with their friends. How Do you know? You know what, if it was up to me, I'm transparent with everything. Right? Gia has to hold back a lot. Like for instance, like with Logan, right? Logan, when he was in high school, used to get picked on all the time, but he used to get picked on. Guess for what reason? Oh, being light skinned? No, 'cause because Charlemagne and is gay. Dad is gay. Yes. Yes. So stop Being gay. I tell you all the time. No, when you gave me the ass, that's why. Pause. What? Wow. Hey, yo. Not he get thick. He Gave me the butt cake when he gave me the Buck cake. That, that much better. Emini here, the kick he gave me when he gave, no, we're not about to.


Hey Bob, but this is Sean. Don't do that. So it Used to be getting made fun of because of that. So, but the reason I'm so transparent is there's so many families and people dealing with the same things, but never want to talk about it. Right. Scared to. So that's why I talked about the orgasm thing in the first book. That's why in this, in the second book, we talk about, you know, the, the time Madison. Ooh, The orgasm thing from the first book. No, no, we're not doing that. Every interview you do that Googles it. Every interview. Lauren, do you wanna do some research? No, no. You should tell the listeners. So even like in this book, we talk about the time that, that Logan found a, a bloody condom at one of his friend's house. So he came, but he's comfortable.


Why you looking at that? It Wasn't mine intrigued. Wait, he's like, oh, he found a bloody condom. It wasn't our house, right. Was at his No, at his friend's house. He was at his friend's house And, and he was like maybe nine years old. Nine years old. He, He was about nine years old. But He was comfortable enough to come up and Ask mom In the basement and, and the little boy had an older brother. Oh, okay. So you Say when Charlamagne gave daddy the As. Oh my gosh. So she had, that's when we had the sex talk and Gia had to have the sex talks with Logan and Madison. What kind Of sex talk though? No, I'm Sorry. It wasn't a backdoor sex talk.


So they ain't just birds and bees, birds and wasp and birds. No, I'm sitting, yeah, birds. They, they got a full-blown Okay. Sex talk. They had to understand because if you leave It up, Not backdoor sex talk. If that's what you, if that No, No. I'm really trying to figure out why was the condom bloody, I'm really asking somebody ran a red, like, or somebody butt open, somebody ran a red light obviously could Also be like a first time thing. Yeah, Yeah. But no, they, at that point I found that they were old enough and mature enough and you're, they're encountering things now. These conversations are being had amongst their peers.


And I knew that if I didn't set them straight, that they were going to be absorbing all of this wrong information and wrong ideas. So I told them, sex feels good. It's a ful experience. God made us that way because God wants us to reproduce. Right? He wants us to create offspring. So he made it something that we would enjoy, but it's meant for someone that you love and that's the reason why. So they're like, oh, okay, so what is it like? Yeah. And what Did you say? Okay, if I'm being honest, I told them that there is a penis and there is a vagina. And my son Logan was like, so like this.


Yeah. I was like, yeah, something like that. I said, you know, some people look at it as a negative thing. No, no, no. He really didn't. No, he really didn't. He really didn't. Even, even like my 11-year-old son right now, he does not know. So when they ask me questions that I don't want them to know about, and he's older than Logan was, but now with I, I have a better grip on his friends and a grip on what he's exposed to on his phone and whatnot and parameters, boundaries. So I'm really abreast of what he knows and what he doesn't. And our lines of communication are Way better. Yeah. I, we have more with Gia Casey, when we come back, our new book, real Life Real Family is out today.


It's a guide to Raise and Empowered Children and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club alone. LaRosa is here as well as we are kicking it with Gia. Casey, our new book, real Life Real Family is out today. You can pick it up at Amazon, Barnes and Nobles or Audible. Jess, You have six kids. So is there anything that you felt like in the beginning I didn't know until y'all got to that six kid. Of course. Yeah. Like what were some of the, I'll give you an example that You didn't know. You just was like, well, me and Rashaan winging this, I'll give you, I'll give you an example. So one of, one of the fails, and this was something that we disagreed on.


So it was the explaining everything to the kids. I have the patience to do it. And he really is a, because I said so type of guy, and it worked beautifully with Madison, but with Logan from a young age, I would explain everything to him. And he's a mama's boy Times 30. You know what Emini here, like, we're very, very close. But it kind of went wrong with him because what we found was that we created an environment where he felt that he was entitled to an explanation and he felt as though, because we gave him too safe of a space that he could challenge me and he can challenge a decision that I made.


So we had to dial that back, teach boundaries, and then we had to teach boundaries and let him know his place. Yeah. So that was a fail in a sense. And look, Rashan would always look at me like, see, I told you, like, see, I told you I'm always the bad guy because now I gotta go discipline that. So now me and Logan get into it, and Now you can't beat Logan 'cause Logan did. So now I gotta discipline Logan and then me and Logan get into it. But one thing about Logan and, and all of our kids, which is the craziest thing, is they're very forgiven. Like with Logan, I have to get sometimes so disrespectful for him to understand and the next day he's like, Hey dad, what's up? And I'm like, Hey dad, what's up? But that's how he is. And he just has conversations.


But we have those conversations and we understand and we talk. But he's, he, he's the one that just like his mom, you know, I Love that y'all have a family mission statement. Yes. What, what is the mission statement? And tell people the importance of that. Well, just so we know, we don't have it on our wall and it make the kids read it when they walk in the house. It's not that type of mission statement's not, it's not like that. So, so our mission statement is just something that we, you know, as a family, we all live by, right? And I'll read some of them. And the reason is, is we are a cl a close unit, right? So if you see us together, we are all always out together. You, you see me the other day with, with Jackson. You seen me before And I, char man has seen me before. So the mission statement is, we are a unit, right? We all ride together. Like we are really a unit, a unit. I'm an only child, so I'm heavy into taking care of each other.


We respect each other. Of course. It's simple. We like, we make sure that, you know, we respect each other's feeling. We always have each other's backs. That's one thing that we always do. And it's, you know, sometimes when we have conversations up here, I always talk about my kids. So when they see stuff on social media, at times I have to stop them because they will go in, especially Logan. Logan will Go in, he's, he's like, oh Yeah, we always love uplift each other and point out the good in one another. Right? We see that more, especially with our girls in dance because they compete against,


have You ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing Next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day Brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowles premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is. State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anna Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids, pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply


Each other a lot. Yeah. So when they do, we have to make sure that regardless of what happens, like a couple of weeks ago, London lost and we thought London got jerked. So I told, you know, I had a conversation with Brooklyn. Oh yeah. And Brooklyn was like, dad, don't worry, I'm gonna get first and second four. And she went out there and bust ass. She got first And second, She got first place and second place and Gave, you know, gave the first place to her sister because that's what it was. We represent each other at all times. That's how it always is. So we always tell our kids, if we are not there, you make sure that those parents come back and say, oh my gosh, he was such a pleasure. He was polite, he was this, even with Jackson at the game, you know, Jackson said, thank you 1,000,001 times to you. He said hello million one times to you because that's what he's taught to do. That you show respect. Yeah. With that, my goal for my kids is that when they leave our house, I want everyone that they come in contact with to know that they're well loved what we teach you inside this house, you exemplify outside of this house.


And these are things that a lot of parents don't put into perspective when raising children. Because what do we usually do? We take like, you know, an idea and we throw it up against the wall. We see if it sticks or not. You know what? Emini here. Oh that worked. Oh that didn't. Okay. But a lot of people don't have something tangible that they can go back to and be like, this is a way to create a foundation. Right. This is a way to create a structure. And because we had so many ups and downs, we were able to do that and put it in one place. And I think the biggest story I know you hate when I tell the story was Jackson, right? So we had a parent teacher's night a couple of weeks ago. Oh. And a teacher came up to me, teacher that I had no idea. Yeah. Didn't know who he was. He was a stem knight. A STEM night, Right? Yeah. So he walks up to me, he was like, are you Jackson's dad?


And I'm like, yeah, when a teacher usually ask that, it's usually some bs, right? So I'm like, oh, here we go, what did Jackson do? And he was like, I just wanna tell you, you know, Jackson did something that no child a, a adult has done in my life. The other day I'm walking down the hall and Jackson comes running up to me and he goes, you know, are you okay? And the teacher was like, what do you mean? He was like, you just don't look as happy as you usually do. Are you all right? Is anything bothering you? Would you like to have a conversation with me and just talk it through? The teacher was like, what? He was like, nah, you just don't seem as happy as you do, but don't let things stress you out. Just pray on it and tomorrow will be better, right? And if you need to talk to me, come talk to me. And he said Jackson ran off and he was like, I've never had an adult or a child ever do that to me. So he was like, whatever you're doing at home, continue that.


And you know what Emini here, that just shows what the kids are learning at home is worth everything. You know what? Emini here. So you Need to report that teacher too. He don't need to be in the school system s that the next day. He probably was like, you got some time at the, y'all are such a beautiful family, y'all. Such A good job. Thank you. Thank you know I find my husband, Oh God, real life, Real Family. Exactly. Yeah. Thank you for Pulling up. And for everybody else, we just wanna add this last part. We actually wrote it with somebody that helped us out with terms and helped us with different phrases and helped us with, made sure that we were actually doing the right thing when it came to raising our kids.


Yeah. So we wrote it alongside a psychologist because Oh dope. Yes. Because we wanted to make sure that our outlooks were, were on the level that I would want to put it out to the public. I wanted the psychological research and quarterbacking behind the way that we parent to pretty much put a stamp on it to know that what we are doing, not just from our personal experience driven point of view is sound, but from a psychological point of view is also sound. I wanted to make sure that alongside the truth and the transparency and the experience that we had, that backing to the book as well. I wanted that level of value in the book as well.


So yeah, that's right. And also, you know, if you have a child with anxiety, A-D-D-A-D-H-D, other setbacks, other disabilities, you know, we speak to you in this book as well because those people are very like, they don't have that many resources. This book is for anyone who is a parent, a single parent, A parent that is married, a Single woman maybe about to have kids The next couple years. Someone that wants to have a child. I didn't look At you Lauren. Wow. Nobody looked at you all. First of all, you did look over here, I looked at you. Thank you. It's, It's, it's, it's forever. It's a very relatable book and there's a lot of exercises in the book. We kind of also created it in like a workbook style. So there's a lot of reflections, there's a lot of places in there for you to answer questions.


So you can kind of analyze yourself and understand your own point of view and a way of like articulation where if you haven't really thought about certain things, it'll jog you to think about things. And even if you don't do, don't take our take. It encourages you and helps you to come up with your own takes on parenting. So yeah, you Have real life, Real Family. That's right. It's The Casey Crew. It's The Breakfast Club. All drop on a clues. Bombs for Wale. What? Wale gonna give us some new music man. He has new music. He does. Yeah. I don't know the exact names and stuff, but he has some st He has something on Make Sure you go get DJ Envy and g Casey's new book, real Life, Real Family. A Guide to Raising Empowered Children. Here he is. I don't know why NV just told everybody that he gave me the ass in that conversation.


I did not say I gave the ass. That's what said. I said what? You gave me the ass. Whoa. First of all, I would never be a bottom. You gave you, you know what, even in your wife, what in the fucking tree are you talking? Exactly. The Girls do say you give bottom Give is one thing. Being is another. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on the Lord the latest with Lauren LaRosa. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, is the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me.


So speaking of DJ Envy and Gia in real life, Real Family, a guide to raise and empower children, NVU and Gia were on Mandy's podcast, man and Weezys podcast. That's right. Decisions. Decisions. Decisions. Decision. Decision. I was S right? Yes. Go judge. So you guys sat down with them and you talked a lot about your family, your relationship, your love. But for some reason you went back to the Orga Conversation. I didn't go back, I didn't go back. How did, do you wanna explain how you ended up there? I Don't know how we ended up there. Well, Tell people what you're talking about first. Lauren, for those who haven't read the first book, Lauren, tell them what happened. So For those who have not read DJ Envy's first book, he talks about in the book not being able to make his wife Gia orgasm.


For how long? Envy? 10 years. A whole decade. What a whole, you have a child older than 10 years old. That's not true. It it's, it's ticking out of, wait, I don't know if well go ahead. Why is it not true when you said it? Well guess Go ahead please. We have audio of Envy. Explain Envy and Gia explaining how that story was twisted. Let's take a listen to the explaining Show Twisted it. What's something you told in either book that you were like, I can't believe we just gave this up. The first one, I don't care. But the first one is the orgasm thing. Oh, that you Never made her orgasm. That was, this is crazy because not never up until A certain Point. Which is crazy that you said you stayed. 'cause girl, My mouth game was good. It's just my pen game wasn't For clarification.


Up to a certain point, I wasn't regularly having orgasms through intercourse. Okay. But I was having orgasms in other ways. Oh, which is, Which is, that's not what I thought. That's not what I heard. 'cause that's not how the media spun. Charla Emini here. Had Anyone read the book, they would understand. Oh, we Gotta make sure people got clear, clear. No, It's not that I was this long suffering wife At hashtag poor Gia the whole time A good friend needs forgive. That's they were sending rules and all types of Things. Yeah, no that wasn't it. A whole decade. 10 years. 3000, 650 days. I like how she tried, you know, I have book, she Always hold it down for Envy. He be doing some Down that talks about our family and kids.


And that's the clip you put, huh? Yes. Because I, I really don't understand why you went back here and we had to explain how you got to the kids or almost. That's didn't that Girl. Now What happened on decision to decision? Well, Ano another thing that more, another thing that I thought was interesting from this conversation. I've never heard this side of it. Gia actually explained that she feels like it was actually her that was a part of the non orgasm problem. Let's take a listen. Of course now you can through vaginal penetration. Every single time I get busy ma'am. Wait, Wait, wait. No, hold on. It's not That you didn't get busy. I had nothing to do with Him. So which is the about men entering the sexual space, right? There's nobody to talk to who never sat down to your boy and like, yo, bro, how you have sex?


What, what do most guys do? They watch porn. Watch porn. And when you watch porn, all you see is bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Right? So you start trying to do that, you realize there was no sensuality. Yeah. You realize there was no touch. You realize it's a movie That's a very, very small part of it. The problem, it wasn't See you, me, little, the problem is me. And I was too young to understand your body. My body. Ah, so when I was in that role, it was about me performing for my boyfriend. Yes. Me performing for my husband. So I was in so much of a pleasure mode that I neglected myself. Mm. You know what though? Oh my goodness. I ain't gonna hold you that.


You know, I, I was, I thought she was making excuses for little Envy, you know, before, but Jesus, no, that is actually something very true. Because honestly, I didn't have an orgasm until later on either. Like, And I didn't know what was happening. I didn't know what was, you know what I'm saying? So I do understand. But she, y'all should have said that in the first book. We did say that in the first book. But Charlemagne only took a certain part out and been going with this part for the last five years. Well, we Real life, real orgasm. See a guy having an empowered orgasm out today. Oh my goodness. There's so much you could have took from the book. There's so many things that we talked about the kids, but that's where you wanted to go. Okay? I wanted you to know, as, as a media personality, you should know how to not say certain things.


You said my pen game. You had to get your pen game right? My pen said pen. Oh, you said pen. I get busy Now is the quote you want people to leave with from this interview. Get busy. That's what y'all took. Well, you know, there I can't wait for real life. You an update on his 10 years of not giving his wife an orgasm. I get busy now. I can't wait, wait for real life, real wigs to come out because we gonna have some conversations. Real life, real wigs. You heard 'em, Jess? It's cool. Oh my. You know what I'm gonna do to help fund that book. There is a another GoFundMe. I saw it surfaced online this morning. Hashtag still poor Gia. Oh my goodness. Y'all better not donate a dollar to this thing. It's $24,000 is the gold. Y'all been together 24 years, right?


31 years. 31. Oh shoot. We've Been married 24. We gave her 24 because the, the, the length of the marriage is what we are trying to compensate for. What's the point of the GoFundMe again? She they Envy said the dad had created them early on so she could like, use the money to go get pleasure. Damn. So it say it's still poor. Go Get pleasure. What you mean Go get goodness Envy time. Can we continue on please? Yeah, That's in the book. That's what y'all Talking. That's not no damn book. That's not in the book. What you mean go get pleasure? That that's not in the I don't know what you're talking about. Why is your wife raising Money to go get This? She is not raising no money, man. They joking. Would you stop? People don't believe you. Sorry for her to go get pleasure from who? What? What is this Lauren just talking about on this radio? I don't know. Please make sure you guys go get real life, Real Family A God to raise and children and understand your pen game. Who gonna raise the father?


Who raising the father in that house. That's what I need to know. Logan is you raising the father? Who raising the daddy in that house, man. Okay. And me check your phone Book is out now and so is Audible. The Book is out now where do they grab the, the book from? They Can get it from Barn and Dobles anywhere on or of who? Oh, y'all really created a GoFundMe man. Take that now. Yo. Who put you know what? Support G's journey to relief hashtag still poor G on the weekend. Yes. Oh my goodness. You know what? Go grab the book. I'm proud of y y'all, y'all know y'all telling my favorite married couples in engaged couples. Jess, I love hearing y'all talk about your relationships. Thanks Babe. So you know what not to do. She ain't never gotta worry about it.


Oh God, don't even worry about it. She'll never be in that situation. You know what, what's crazy? Y'all gonna be real shocked when y'all see a man come up there for her wife. Yes we are. We sure are we sure When that guy get down on his knees And pull a ring outta Lauren wig And she didn't even know it was dead. I'm gonna be Shocked as hell. I'm just like, wow. I just hope I'm allowed to see it. I just hope I ain't 99. I'm, I hope I'm allowed to see, see it. Are you Sure you wanna do this Sir Or ma'am? Are you sure? Or ma'am or Ma'am? Listen, it's going to happen. It's gonna happen period. All right, well that was the latest with Lauren I guess. All right, Charlamagne, who you giving your donkey to? We need a man named Edgar Ver Dusko.


I don't know if that's how you pronounce his last name, but he needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a world with him. He does not care about other humans on this planet and he is the reason why I hate humans. Okay, we'll discuss. All right, we'll get to that next sister. The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club. I donkey up baby. Damn the he haw. It's time for Donkey of the Day. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm making these people do these things called Donkey Of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Shala man. Who Got the Donkey of the Day today? Well, Jess, Hilarious donkey today for Tuesday April 15th goes to a 34-year-old former police officer named Edgar Verdusco.


He used to be a police officer for the Los Angeles Police Department. And he is the latest example of why I simply hate humans. I've come to the conclusion that what annoys me about life the most is people. Which is strange because the thing I love most about life is people. But I like considerate people. Okay? We had Mel Robbins up here yesterday and she was speaking to how emotionally disconnected some people are from the actual human experience. And this story is just another example of that. Edgar on Friday pled guilty to three counts of murder. Okay? This man killed a mother of father and a teenage son. Would you like to know how it happened? Let's go to ABC seven Eyewitness News for the report please. A former LAPD officer is heading to prison after pleading guilty to murder in a fiery DUI crash.


34-year-old Edgar Verdusco faces 15 years to life for killing three people on the 6 0 5 freeway. In 2017, the off-duty police officer was driving 150 miles an hour while under the influence of alcohol when he hit two vehicles, one of them plowed into the center divider and burst into flames killing Maribell and Mario Davila and their 19-year-old son Oscar, who was a student at uc. Riverside Verdusco was due back in court in July for sentencing. Rest in peace to that family man dead because of somebody else's negligence. Edgar, you have to get the book thrown at you. Okay? Put him under the prison. You're a police officer so you know the law. You knew drinking and driving the speeding, the reckless driving vehicular homicide.


You know the law and you know what all that carries? Plus your job is to protect and serve. You did none of that. So your penalty has to be harsh. Okay? And I'm taking in this story and it makes me feel, why did God give us free will? Okay, I'm glad God gave it to us. But free will is like a baked potato, okay? It needs toppings to really elevate it. Okay? You can eat a baked potato plain, but when you put butter on it or sour cream or chives or salt or pepper, some people like cheese. I'm lactose intolerant so I don't do that. Some people like chili on it. Green onions. I've seen broccoli on baked potatoes. My point is free will and free will alone is not enough. Okay? In order to maximize free will, you need self-awareness.


You need to pay attention to the present moment. You need to manage your emotional state. You need to be of good character. And you don't need to be on drugs and alcohol because those things cause you to make poor choices with that free will. And what does your Uncle Sharla always tell you on this damn radio? Destiny is not a matter of chance. It's a matter of choice. This guy, Edgar exercised his free will to make a poor choice. And this is why I don't like humans. When Mel Robbins was here talking about people who leave the bathroom disgusting, it hit me because that's one of my pet peeves. I hate when I walk in the bathroom and see somebody else's doodoo in the toilet. Even worse, when you see that they left the toilet lining on the seat, it's like, what type of rush are you in? Don't you know other people have to use this bathroom.


I feel the same way about drunk driving. Okay, now you're talking to a person who almost killed himself. Drunk driving when I was a young lad. So I'm speaking from experience. I was selfish. I wasn't thinking about anybody but myself. I had zero regard for other people's lives in that moment. And thank God my dumb ass, you know when I wrecked, didn't kill myself or anyone else. For more on that story, go to Amazon and purchase my first book. Black Privilege Opportunity comes to those who create it available everywhere. You buy books now I hate people, okay? This man Edgar posted a video on social media with the hashtag, oh, that's the part of the story I left out. This man, Edgar posted a video on social media with the hashtag Don't drink and Drive.


And then shortly after got in his car drunk and killed three people. I repeat this man. Edgar posted a video on social media with the hashtag Don't Drink and drive. And then shortly after killed three people drunk driving. This goes back to what I said about self-awareness, paying attention to the present moment. God. God literally told Edgar what to do and he did the opposite. We have all these conversations about signs. Look for signs. God put it in his head and his heart so much that he shared with social media a message that he ignored. Don't drink and drive Edgar, that was for you in that moment.


It doesn't get much clearer than that gang, but you can see it because you are a human being that is so disconnected from the interconnection to the human experience. I don't care if you drinking and driving or leaving a public bathroom filthy. When you do those things, you are simply not thinking about other people. But don't listen to me though, okay? I just stopped being a sociopath about about a decade ago. Mel Robbins explains it way better than me When you go into a public bathroom, two things. I always leave the space better than when I found it. If somebody destroys a seat pees all over it and then they leave, that is a human being that is so disconnected from the interconnection of the human experience.


You are leaving that for another person. And so making sure that you don't leave your mess for another person, making sure that you just kind of wipe down the counter. And then here's the second thing. If there is a human being cleaning that bathroom, please look in the AI and say thank you all The time. All the time. Thank you all The time. Like that right? There is a simple thing that will make you start to shake out of that woe is me or that stress or that overwhelm. Let them know you appreciate and see what they're doing. Like, you know, I'm can't look at you 'cause I'm gonna cry. People are just walking around disconnected and the power of starting to be the one that wakes people up, these relationships matter because they make you feel human again.


The moral of the story is get connected to the interconnection of the human experience. Not on this earth alone. Please let Remi ma give Edgar her Dusko the biggest. He haw. Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Mm Mm mm All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Yes ma'am. Alright, now when we come back, 800. Oh, I'm sorry. Just ignore it. Just ignore it. Just ignore it. Just ignore it. He is, he's fantasizing right now. Ignore it. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. My book, real Life Real Family is out today. Gia was just joined The Breakfast Club about 45 minutes ago and we were talking about how we raise our kids and this is how the conversation went.


Would you say that you and Envy have two different parenting styles? Absolutely. Which is the more lenient? It depends what it is. I'm disciplined. I was the yeller, the screamer because I said so. Yeah, GIA is a lot different. Like it, it don't be Yeah, this is true. Like she wants to know why. Yeah. Yes. Why did you feel that way? And I said, she likes to break down. You don't get it. You gonna get it by the end of this. Right. Burn not trip up on them words. Exactly. So you gotta think, really think before you speak to her. 'cause she's like, all right, well explain that. Like I just said it just because No, no, nah, explain this. But so I'm more like, 'cause I said so she's more like, well you can't go to the mall because of this, 'cause this could happen. Explain your parenting style. Mine is my dad was like, no. And you didn't ask why.


It just, you don't, don't ask. It was what it was. You just figured it out Later. Gears a little different. I prefer the explanation. Yeah. Yeah. So that's how my parents were with me. I knew that. My parents never said no, just for the sake of saying no. Hmm. Because parents are overworked and they are stressed. Yeah. You really have to take a moment. You have to take a beat. We all have to take a beat to listen to our children and be patient. And because I knew that my parents were invested in me that way, I knew that when they said No, there was a good reason. So we're asking 800. That's good. 5 8, 5 1 0 5 1. How does your parenting style differ from your partners? Yeah, Emini here explanations are good. That's how you learn. Not just in parenting. Like even just as a couple.


For example, if you say to your wife, did you orgasm? And she says no, you know, she should explain to you why she didn't. So you can make her the next time. Right. Envy that is. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How does your parenting style differ from your partners? Like Jess, I'm sure you and and Chris is your parenting different or even you and Rome very much different. So, so, so we, when we come back when we'll find out, you know, how it differs and how which one works. How you see how I just ignore Charlem mate? Yes. Like yesterday for the birthdays, I'm sure y'all did two different things, right? No, no, no. Rome had to actually work. So Rome had 'em last week. Oh, got you, got you. Yeah, then he came Home. So that is the question. And and what impact does it have on your child? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You wanna kiss me?


I could tell. I could tell. Why You talking to just like that. I'm talking to you. He is not fucking to me. You all crazy. Not fucking to me because I don't even like Dominican people. The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne Ne Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, my new book, real Life Real Family is out today. You can pick it up at Barnes Nobles, apple.


I said Apple, Amazon, or wherever you buy your books is available on Audible as well. Now if you just join us, GIA just left And we were talking about our different parenting style. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How is your parenting style different from your partners? Is Gia talking about it? Would you say that you and Envy have two different parenting styles? Ly. Who's the more lenient? It depends what it is. I'm disciplined. I was the yeller, the screamer because I said so. Yeah, GIA is a lot different. Like it, it don't be This is true. She wants to know why. Yeah. Yes. Why did you feel that Way? And I said she likes to break down. Yes. You don't get it. You gonna get it by the end of Right, right. Burn not trip up on them words. Right, Exactly. So you gotta think, really think before you speak to her.


'cause she's like, all right, well explain that. Like I just said it just because nah, nah, nah. Explain this now. You know, I came from, you know, my dad is is retired police officer. So his his way was always his way or the highway. That's how he raised me. Gears more patient and it works for us 'cause it's kind of like good cop, bad cop. We play off each other, which is great. So now how do you and Rome parent and you and Chris parent, do y'all parent the same or different or how, how, What does it asking? No. So me, my parenting is different from both of them. So I'm gonna start with Rome first. Rome he is he Rome started off thinking everything was cute. Like he loved, 'cause Ash was his first born. He was young. We were young. So Rome was just happy to have a a little boy.


He ain't thinking everything Ash did was cute, talked back all of that until he got older. Then Rome ain't like that. So he, he's a verbal disciplinarian. And me, I always been like my mother. My mother was always the, she was not lenient at all. She was always the disciplinarian parent. I was like that. I'm like that too. But Chris showed me and Rome a difference. And he didn't even have no kids when we met. Like he showed, he implemented structure in the household. Like Ash has chores every day he wake up, he, he, we shouldn't have to tell him to wash the dishes from the night before. Yep. Take out the trash, clean his room, sweep down the steps. Make sure that you know, your dog is walked, your dog is fed.


It is your dog. I was doing all of that before him. Emini here for him before Chris had came into the picture. And now is is Ash opens doors for me. He, he practiced his manners much more. You know what Emini here like so it is Chris. Chris definitely made a big difference in all. For sure. And what about you Charlemagne? I, I don't be, I don't know what my parenting style is, you know what I'm saying? I got four daughters and these new kids different 'cause these new kids because they just not, they don't, they're not afraid.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing Next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right and with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing an bay sofas where designer style meets budget friendly prices. An bay brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anaba is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids simply slide right off Designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply


To us. Like they don't have, like, you know, I had a healthy fear of my mother and father because of them whippings. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like I don't whip my kids so they listen to us when they want to. We, you know, and they ass don't get me wrong, but it takes a lot. Yeah. And I'm not one of them. I'm, I don't think me, all my wife are those gentle parents where it's just like, well what's wrong is that, you know, we we, we will comfort them and you know, when we see, you know, certain emotions coming, we understand that okay, there's something else going on here. But you know, we not the them pushover parents like I I know them pushover parents. Right. But you are Certainly a pushover parent. Your wife is not, but you are them girls be walking all over the top of you Used To be all that's true, but I'm a daddy. I don't know what to, I don't know what to do.


And I, and then I yell and then apologize 'cause I feel bad for yelling at them. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't, I don't, I don't know what my parenting style is, but I will say this, the reality is as long as whatever your parenting style is is rooted in love, that's all that matters. Well, let's go to the phone lines. We got Jay on the line. Jay, good morning. Hey, good morning. How you guys doing? Good. Good, good. We're talking about parenting style brother. Alright, So growing up I didn't hear a lot of, I love yous. I knew that they loved me, but I didn't hear a lot of it. So my parenting style is I guess the fuller opposite where I tell them, I show them And I, I overload them with I love yous.


Yeah. And I got a 23-year-old son, a 16-year-old and 9-year-old daughters. And I hear it back from them. So it's amazing. Yeah, I agree with that. Yeah. Yeah. Me too. Yeah, I, I'm dating somebody who I, I do love. But her parenting style is where the kids talk back a lot and because I'm not their father, I try and, you know, I play the background. I try and reinforce what she said to them, but it eats at me so much. So I don't, I don't know how to, how would you guys navigate handling somebody else's kids with their parenting styles?


That ain't your business until you marry that woman and then they become your step kids at this point. That's really not your, that's not your business. And like he said, you can't really parent somebody else's kids. You kind of gotta do it through her, you know, if you feel like they're being disrespectful, I think you have to have that conversation and Jess know that but Jess Yeah, Jess in that situation. Yeah, Absolutely. If you, if you live with your, with your girlfriend, it, it is different. It is different. 'cause I, you know, I'm not about to let nobody kid disrespect me. You know what I'm saying? If you live there, Emini here, if you do you live there with them? No, no, I don't, I don't live there. Emini here. Well then, But I don't live there. But I, And I at this point, it's been a year. I haven't really asserted myself. 'cause like I said, it's not my place.


But it's so hard to just stand back Yeah. And hear the level of disrespect from those kids. Yeah. You definitely gotta sit down and have a conversation with her though. Absolutely. Because if she's gonna allow it, it ain't really nothing that you can do. How old are the kids? Well, her kids are a 14-year-old girl and an 11-year-old boy. Mm. And I'm telling you like, it, it, it may sound like an over exaggeration, but they, they talk. Oh no, I definitely understand what saying I see it all the time. Hell Yeah, I get it. But if you not about to marry your mom or be marry their mom or be in the house with them, it ain't really nothing that you can do. That's right. That's, that's effective. You know, until they mom step.


That's Right. Them little kids say they're gonna get their daddy. They want you going to do, he gonna Run. Hey yo. Hello. Who's this? This Is ki from Brooklyn. Hey Kia. Good morning. We're talking about different parenting skills. Talk to us or styles I should say. So My husband was raised on survival. I was raised on love. Mm. So that transfers into our parenting style. He's more like, man, you guys figure it out. Me. It's like, okay, let's have a conversation. Let's process why you feel mad, why you feel sad. So our boys are six and 14 and the 14-year-old, he just like bottles it up. I'm like, talk to me. Dad is like, nah, he'll be all right.


Yeah, you, you know what I was, I was like that too at first because my dad is like that. You know what Emini here? My dad was yo man up. Figure it out. My mom is, you know, was more of the loving person. But I realized every kid is different. And that man up thing, it doesn't do anything. But I think hurts your kids later on in life. Like if there's a problem, if there's an issue and they need to cry or they need to let their emotions or feelers go, I think you should allow that safe place for them to do that. How you Gonna tell a little boy to man up and he don't even know where a man Is yet. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. I do. I do think though that that's the good balance for the household though. You know what? Emini here, because even though he was raised on survival, there are still advantages to that. Like he can teach the kids like, you know what I'm saying?


Like you're the nurturer that he's the more Right. More so the survival, you know those instincts, they, they need those too. Yep. So I it's a good balance. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're just joining us, we're talking about different parenting styles now. My book came out today, real Life Real Family. You could pick it up anywhere. You buy books, Amazon or Audible. And we're asking how is your parenting style different from your partners? Let's discuss and how does this affect your kids? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time.


Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, GIA, my wife was here earlier. We were talking about our new book, real Life Real Family and talking about our different parenting styles. Listening. Would you say that you and Envy have two different parenting styles? Absolutely. Who is the more lenient? It depends what it is. I'm disciplined. I was the yeller, the screamer because I said so. Yeah. G is a lot different. Like it, it don't Yeah, this is true. Like she wants to know why. Yeah. Yes. Why did you feel that Way? And I tell she likes to break down. Yes. Why? If you don't get it, you gonna get it by the end of the right. You not trip up on them words.


Right, Exactly. So you gotta think, really think before you speak to her. 'cause she's like, all right, well explain that. Like I just said it just because nah, nah, nah. Explain this. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How do you parent your kids? Do you and your spouse or you and your partner have different parenting styles? How does it affect your kids? Hello? Who's this Free profit? Aint Ohio? What's up brother? Talk to us about your different parent and staff. Well see I was raised by all women so it wasn't no male voice in the household. So, but my kids get to hear my voice all the time. I remember my mom used to punish us by taking us over to my aunt house and making us cleaner house up. Mm. And I didn't understand it. I hated that.


I didn't sleep, did it ain't my house. Oh, we gotta clean this house up. Hmm. And it went on And I, And I figured it out. That was our punishment. Mm. And me and my brother talk about that now. Like, yo, remember what mama used to take a little to clean her house up? And I used to always say I ain't cleaning up. And then you didn't want that broomstick going, you were my uncle, you know? 'cause he come through. But it comes with the way you were brought up. I I And I try to mimic that but I don't do all that 'cause I do a lot of cleaning in my house. My kids tend to listen to me, but I don't, I don't like the way they wash dishes, sweep floors, clean the bathroom. So I have to go up behind them And I know. Was your aunt house always dirty though? That's all you gotta out here. Was it Crying?


It wasn't always dirty. It wasn't about that. It is being dirty because it like, like I just told you, I don't like the way my kids wash dishes so I go behind them. Right, right, right. You know that's like you at a restaurant and you got some water spots on a spoon or the four 30, not butter. Not, it's not dirty, it's water stain. But to you it'd be like man, hey I use plastic silverware or I don't eat it at all. I get it. I'll say this. I think that all of us are better parents than our parents. Were simply because we don't beat our kids Who don't beat that. Oh well You Have a beating. What? I ain't get beaten. I was brought, brought up. Shit. How old are you? My momma probably with me three times. Oh no shit.


How Old are you? I'm 44. Nah, it was green lights. I didn't get No, we didn't get no beating. Nah, it was green lights from the whole community and where I was from, everybody had permission to put hands on you. Now my parents, my parents never beat me. Even the principals. Nah, my parents never beat me. I got yoked up a lot and the principal was able to yolk you up. But I got yoked up but I was never beat. Well I got Beat with an extension cord. My daddy beat me with an extension cord one time and made me go take a bath. That's abuse sir. I hate to have to go pick my own switch. I could tell. But CMV you ain't grow up in the country. Nope. You needed that though. You, you act Didn't you needed to pick your own switch? No I didn't. Yes sir. Hello, Who's this? Hi, it's Christina. Hey Christina. Good morning. We're talking about different parenting styles this morning. So the thing is, is me and my husband been together for 24 years.


We have two kids, 1 22, 1 15. Both boys. But their personalities are totally different. So we deal with them differently. Our oldest son goes with the flow. He listened to whatever we told him. Mom and dad is everything. The youngest one, we call him the great debater. This kid will break down everything. Wants to know why this, why that. I got one of those. Yep. Oh my gosh. It's so aggravating. So we just do accordingly to their, to their personalities. And my husband is a Virgo, like you Envy. So I think y'all pierce, his style is kind of alike. He don't have a lot of tolerance. He is like, listen, this is what we're doing. Period. That is, that is my old, my oldest boy Logan.


He is the one that likes to, he likes to debate all the time. And I get to a point, I get frustrated. I'd be like, ah. Because I said so. That's it. Just say, Yeah, that's my husband. And then he slams your punk ass. He does not slam Logan. Logan the man in the house with all the muscles. He does not. He he does not slam Logan. Logan said, I don name needs to Stop. Logan said, I only debate my equals everybody else I teach. Hey, grab his daddy and slam his ass. I'm not trying, I'm not debating with you. I'm teaching You Get Logan in trouble. He ain't even do nothing. He didn't even do nothing. Right. He ain't gonna get himself in trouble. They putting that on him. Jess tell him Don do that. Yes. Well thank you Christina. Well shout out To you Envy in your new book and congratulations. Thank you so much. Real Life, Real Family is the name of the book.


You can pick it up on Audible or get it on Amazon. It's all about raising kids. And we talk about, you know, different ways and different parenting styles and we actually have like a little workbook section where you could write the different things in. We ask questions just to talk about parenting styles and things like That. And you know, I remember asking my mom when I had my first daughter, I'm just like, you know what, what advice? And she just literally just said, just, just love her. And that's literally how I move. Like, you know, you just gotta love your kids. And I like what the young lady said earlier. She was like her, her, her husband raised, raised their kids outta survival. He was raised off survival. Correct. And I always say my daddy raised me out fear and not love. Not saying he didn't love me, he was just afraid that I was gonna make all of the same mistakes that he made. So a lot of that anxiety and just fear of life he bought into parenting me.


You can't do that with your children. Right. You just gotta love your kids. Yeah. Like you can't raise them outta fear. You gotta raise them outta love. But but back then Emini here, you definitely Emini here. They seen things that we didn't see. They, it is from an era that we didn't see my dad. You know, like I tell everybody was retired police officer. So he was in the streets and seen that. And he didn't wanted me to get me connected to the streets. So they raised off a little bit of family. I think it's worse now. Yeah. Hell Yeah. I really do. I think it's worse now, man. The only but I I, I maintain we better parents than our parents. 'cause we don't beat our kids. Yeah. I Don't beat my mom and my pops will never beat me. Just on the hand. That's crazy. Ashton was here right now asking. I got beat. They getting beat. Terry, what's up? All right. All right.


Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about Tyra Banks is casting for the bodyguard or she wished she could. And guess who she's casting? Who? Taylor Swift. Oh Boy. All. Oh my Uhuh. First of all, why is Tyra doing a cake? Alright, just get Into it. We'll get to it next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming with Free Off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody, Somebody, well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this. The latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Okay, so The Bodyguard, a remake is coming. You know, the iconic movie with Kevin Costner and Whitney Houston and Tyra Banks is jumping in the conversation of who she thinks should reprise Whitney Houston's role. Now, if y'all had to cast it, who would you guys think? Nobody Leave it alone. Yeah. I I just hate that huge roll. It's so they keep trying to redo stuff. Like ain't nobody got no original thoughts. No more Emini here. No original ideas anymore. Why we keep trying to remake movies. That's already great. I Concur. But if they were, I would say probably Beyonce. You're crazy Because you somebody that would need a bodyguard that can sing. That's a global superstar. Yeah. Why not? Who else, who else besides That?


Well, well Tyra Banks says it's a movie Fool. Tyra, You don't. Oh yeah, because she not really. It could be a non-famous person. I hate Your home. No, wait Us, me. I hate him. No, because Whitney played. So you want another famous celebrity? A famous singer? Well, Tyra Banks said that it should be Taylor Swift, The Bodyguard, one of the most iconic romantic movies of all time. A reboot is in the works. A remake is in the works. I'm like so beyond excited. That movie Yes. Is everything. Yes. Who Could play the Whitney Houston character? Taylor Swift. I think Taylor Swift. Yeah. Because business and commerce art and you know, she would frigging sell like crazy.


Right. But, okay, I'm just be real. I'm a black girl. Yeah. It was Whitney Houston as a black girl. Kevin Costner a white man. Yes. What if we flipped it? Yes. And it was Taylor Swift. Yes. And Eat Yourself. Ooh, Iris's Elba. Right. That's the good gentrified version. I do like that. I do like if we throw a little bleach on the movie, I I like it. But it would, would it be a worldwide hit like that though? Because a lot of these countries don't like interracial relationships. It would be a Kid. No, I don Know. I don I guess it would be though. I don think the first of The World. I don't Freaking know. Tell us if, but It doesn't need to be a remake. It can just be another type of movie. You know what I'm saying? It gotta be a rem spinoff because when Yeah, like a spinoff because you could, 'cause that's the thing, when you put remake on it, that's when you let people down because people are constantly comparing it to the original before it.


So it's like, nah, just make it a whole nother movie now to hear her actually say do the flip or whatever that, that is cool. 'cause the half Idris Ezz as the bodyguard to, to a Taylor Swift or somebody, you know of that stature that that might be a good movie. What would this Story line be? If it, if it was a spinoff, just what would the storyline be? I see you lost me. 'cause I don't, you know, Taylor in the, you know what I'm saying? How would We get from Whitney to tt? I don't think it could be a spinoff. I think you just gotta do a new right. Rendition of it. And you need somebody who can really sing Emini here. That's what the, in the original bodyguard Whitney was a actress. Right. And a singer in the movie. She was. And that soundtrack sold a lot of that movie. That's what I think Beyonce would be.


But Taylor Swift would do it too. Like Taylor Swift Whitney would bring so many people too. Whitney Was attractive. She was beautiful. Like there was like, I'm not saying Taylor is not beautiful, but it's like, you know what you saying, you know what I'm saying? I know What you mean. There was a certain type of like, attraction between the two of them on screen. And Whitney was so soft and sexy and elegant. I don't know if Taylor can deliver that Also. Y'all, y'all That my Beyonce. Huh? Y'all sleeping on the fact that it was Whitney and Kevin Costa? Yes. Kevin Costa was a huge star back then. So you going be a huge star now. Did you say Ris Elbow? Yeah. We not, yeah, we not speaking. I don't know if interest was ever on Kevin Costner level. Well We, we, we flipping it gotta be a black man. Who would it Be? That be Michael B. Jordan. I couldn't Jordan. He not, he's still not as older as, you know what I'm saying? It is not little older, Only like four black actors that Hollywood uses.


Come On. I agree with Jesse's original idea. Come up with some new ideas, man. I don we don't need, we need a bodyguard remake. I think it'd be dope for Taylor Swift. Did the Bodyguard slap like that? Yes. What? I don't remember. I don I don't want them to touch it, but yes, that movie is like the movie. Absolutely. The soundtrack was phenomenal. Soundtrack Was amazing. Soundtrack Was Amazing. You know, it would run to you. I have nothing. The soundtrack was fire. Yeah. I don't remember the movie that much was I thought was amazing. You need to watch it. Yeah. Movie was dope. What Happened? The studio, which release, which is gonna be releasing the remake has set Taylor Swift's, Aris store director, Sam Wrench to help get this together and, and script and all that other stuff. So maybe that's why she brought Taylor Swift into it. I don't know where Taylor Swift came from, but I think we should leave it where it's at.


She just call it, you know, security guard. It don't have to be by Security guard. Security Guard Con what if Concierge, if Whitney needs voice from the heaven and all you hear is no, then what We Would all agree. Okay. Yeah. That's It. Not Concierge though More funny is out. So in other News set is now happy for Cardi B that she is moving on with Stefan Diggs. So Cardi B and Stefan Diggs were out in New York recently and there's a video of Cardi B dancing on Stefan and they're having a good time and a fan commenting and said Offset is somewhere punch in the air Offset came back and responded to the fan and said, I'm happy for her with two exclamation points. So Child, please. Why, how did he even see it, Lord?


How did he see that? See somebody say that. Did they tag him? He Was up on the post. No, they didn't tag him. They didn't tag happy for him Though. They didn't tag Him. He he not happy for He just didn't didn't they comment to each other like make some subliminal type of Lauren did you see that Stefon Diggs had posted a picture and his caption was Buddy doing all that, doing all that talking or whatever. He still ain't gonna do nothing. And then I think Offset had tweeted something and was like, I'm laughing or something like that. He posted, He posted a photo of himself. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. With no shirt on. Yeah. Talking about he was laughing so I did see that Emini here. No, he not really happy. It's like it, I I would love to look Unbothered as well if I Ain doubt. I say gonna DM you again.


I damn both of them. He's A damn I didn't give a damn before. I don't give a damn damn now. Well Neither. I don't know what to say. Like Emini here. It's, he commented. He, I wouldn't have been talking about it if he didn't comment. Alright. Right. I'm glad he's in a happy place. He Be a celebrity. People won't talk about it. Yeah. Well that's it. First Say This all that's the latest with Lauren. All right, thank you Lauren. La Rosa. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are kicking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club reminding you guys again our second book, real Life Real Family is Out today. Gia, stop through The Breakfast Club this morning just to talk about it.


It's a guide to Raising Empowered Children. So if you haven't picked it up, pick it up. You can get it on Audible as well. We just talk about raising kids. We have six of them range from 23 to three and it's definitely a dope book. If you're considering having kids or you have kids already. It's a def it's, it's a great instruction manual to help you out on your journey. So it's Lou Gia for joining us this Morning. What about the instruction manual called The Ultimate Kiss? There's a book called The Ultimate Kiss and it's about oral sex and it teaches you how to properly give oral just in case. Literally about to be a family. Like Always. So trash. What? Because he brought it back up. He was on Decisions, decisions this week explaining He sure did make that decision to go on There. You know what I'm saying?


Explaining. You know that it was a misconception in the first book. He, he didn't mean to write that in the first book. Oh my God. I Don't know what he thought they was gonna ask him. 'cause he know what that show was about. So they certainly about your kids. Yeah. Walk right into it. Jesus. All right. When we come back positive notice The Breakfast Club movie a nv Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Yes. And I want to tell folks, man, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening next Saturday. Next Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Okay, we got some of the best podcasts in The World.


Gonna be on that stage. Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, naked Podcast with Carrie, champion tanking Jay Valentine with the RB Money podcast. Sarah Jakes Roberts with the Woman Evolve podcast. And we just added another podcast yesterday, man, I I, And I don't know why I can't say it today, but I'll probably say it tomorrow. But yes, go get your tickets, black effect.com/podcast Festival and we'll see you next Saturday. So y shout out to everybody who came out over the weekend in Orlando, but your girl will be in Atlantic City coming up. I will be in New Jersey, May 17th, that's on a Saturday, eight at eight o'clock at Harris Resort Atlantic City. So make sure you get your tickets@jesselawyersofficial.com And I will see you then.


Atlantic City, New Jersey. I love Atlantic City. Yes, me too. Horrors is dope. Listen, the positive notice simply this, people are allowed to decide they want nothing to do with you. Literally, no one owes you a damn thing. Not even an explanation. Have a great day. I like that. I like that Breakfast Club bitches. You, I'm finished or y'all done.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to Worry-Free Living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly, and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth-friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Spring cleaning. Sure if we have to, but we're way more into spring streaming. Finding something to watch shouldn't feel like a chore. So we let Xfinity's Entertainment experts do all the heavy lifting. They drop handpicked tv, movie and music recommendations right into your social feed. New premieres returning series, exclusive interviews. The top music playlist for MyHeart Radio and all the must watch moments. It's giving flowers and finales, fresh air and fresh entertainment. So take a break from those clean talk videos. Follow Xfinity on Instagram and TikTok for the Best Spring streaming picks.