
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we are here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through together. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon, like the Rapid egg cooker and the countertop ice maker, which is perfect for those days when you're hosting events and you do not wanna run low on ice. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24, which sir and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an Ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Good morning, usa. Yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just Hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump day. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. How you feeling? Hi. What's up Jess? How you feeling, Jess? I feel good. I feel good knowing that my daughter is good or whatever. Kids just have like allergies and, And I, I didn't realize that they would come so early 'cause she's only about to be four months, so she was like attacking her little cheeks And I was like, oh my God, what is happening? She was crying while she was doing, and then she's so light skinned, so everything just Turns super red. Yes.


And so I'm like, oh my God, she itchy. And it's the crazy thing. 'cause when they crying they can't, They can't tell you what's wrong. Right. They can't there. So it's scary. And instead of just sending her with her grandmother, I was like, no, I gotta take her to the doctor. So, but it ended up being fine. Like she, they just, it's fine now. Like whatever she was going through yesterday morning, she not going here today. It's so, I'm like, yo, what is wrong With you? That is crazy with babies. Babies be crying. They might just want milk, but they can't tell you. So you think they need to go to the doctor or The bottom of their footage. That's right. Milk something silk. It's like, yo, I'm not home, baby. Something small. Yeah. But yeah, I'm good. Other than that, as Long as the baby's good, that's all that matters. Right, right. What's up with you Charla? I am blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here for another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening. That's right. Fat Joe will be joining us this morning.


He has a new album coming out this Friday. It's called The World Changed On Me. And we're gonna be talking to Fat Joe about a lot. You know, he has Fat Joe Talks, he has, that's his show on stars. So we're gonna talk to him about all that. All you gotta do is turn the microphones on. Just let Fat Joe go. Fat Joe and 50 cent the same individual. All you gotta do is turn the microphones on and magic will happen. Absolutely. That it, The World change them. He changed on us. Now we all little, I even think about that. When Fat Joe and 50 was beefing. I can't even ever see them getting into a physical altercation. 'cause they gonna talk to each other for two hours before two hours. Get to it nine hours before. Gonna Get tired. Walk Off. Exactly. Get tired. Alright, well let's get the show crack. And of course we have front page news. Morgan is on vacation till Mimi Brown is filling in.


She'll let us know what's going on. There's more updates with the suspect in the healthcare CEO murder. I'm sure she'll fill us all in. There's a lot going on with that man. I thought I, I thought I figured it out. I don't know if I figured it out now. Now I'm comparing eyebrows. I'm like, is that the same eyebrows? Everything ain't true Crime bro. True Crime Podcast. Got y'all messed up. True Crime podcast and true crime shows and audio scripted series. Got y'all messed up. You ain't gotta try to figure things. I just let things play out. His Eyebrows got me messed up because I thought that, I thought I measured the eyebrows, but the eyebrows ain't matching. But we'll talk about it when We come back. The eyebrows. What? Because his eyebrows like, we'll talk about it when we Come back. That's the problem. Everybody, everybody playing. Everybody think they don't realize things are actually real. No, I think it's real. Everything ain't true crime. I think it's real. But if, if the guy nevermind, you play all day.


Charlotte shot. So what you can say, that's it. Front page news when we come back is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now. Morgan is on vacation. Mimi Brown is filling in. Good morning, Mimi. Good morning, Jess. Good morning. Nv Charlamagne. How y'all doing? Peace. Me B. Good, Good, good, good. Okay, so, so much to continue talking about with the United healthcare, CEO and that assassination on a midtown Manhattan Street. So today marks one week since that happened, the suspected killer Luigi, Manny Manni.


Now he remains in custody in Pennsylvania where his lawyer, Tom Dickey, says Manni will fight extradition to New York and plans to plead not guilty. Now, during a press conference in Altoona, Pennsylvania, Dickie questioned the evidence linking his his client to the case. Let's hear what he had to say. Listen, I haven't seen any evidence that says that he's the shooter. So that's, You know, like I, like I said earlier, And I wasn't kidding around, a couple things. If you're gonna report something, report accurately and remember, and this is not just a small thing. The fundamental concept of American justice is a presumption of innocent. And until you're proven guilty, beyond a reasonable doubt, and I've seen zero evidence at this point, Do you think they would pick up this random guy for, for a case like this That had the same type of gun, the same type of a bunch of everything that the guy allegedly had in the city?


That's, that's, yeah. I, I don't know. But I mean, that's his lawyer. That's what lawyer's supposed to Do though. And what was he screaming before he went into the courtroom yesterday? Mimi? Yeah, We have that, we have that sound too. You know, and to your point, Vy, they, he, they picked him up with a handwritten admission about the crime. Now that's according to the arrest warrant. And so as you mentioned, Charlotte, they did catch up with him as he arrived for his arraignment where he was heard shouting to reporters. Let's listen to what he, what he was saying Out American people. You sound guilty to me. I mean, 'cause I'd be yelling, You know, it's not me.


It wasn't me. I didn't do it. I don't know what the hell he was saying. He was trying to sound like he was reading script. Yeah. So he said it is completely out of touch and it is an insult to the intelligence of the American people and their lived experience. Now what that means, I don't know, but that's what he was yelling as he was going into that courtroom. And I think people are still trying to figure out what a motive is, like why this happened. And authorities, they said that they're, they're, they're looking into his, his background, but what they are learning more about are his medical issues. So according to his fam, his former landlord, so he lived in Hawaii for a little bit and his man, his landlord is saying that he suffered from chronic back problems so badly that he wasn't able to date and he was not able to be intimate.


The landlord said that he confided in him and told him these things and that he suffered from some sort of pinch nerve and misaligned spine. And so authorities are trying to see what's going on with that. Perhaps, You know, they said that he had a lot of surgeries behind his back and he had a lot of health problems. He wasn't on speaking terms with his family at the time. And so at some point he may have just become really upset with the healthcare system and so they're still continuing to investigate and see what that looks like. Yeah, but we do know, go ahead, I'm sorry. Yeah, I was gonna say, yeah, they said they believe he got into an accident surfing. They said he was taking surfing lessons and I guess something went wrong and he had to get, he had screws in his neck and they said they have the, the pictures I think online of the screws actually in his shoulder, in his neck.


So I'm, I'm also very confused because if the lawyer is saying he's not guilty, we'll probably we probably won't get a motive no time soon because this guy's not going to talk. He's gonna be Oh, he is not talking Moving like he, They going off his manifesto. Yeah, he's not talking. Absolutely. So we'll continue to watch that. Right now he's still ordered hell without bail and he faces second degree murder charge in New York. So This is why vi this is why vigilante justice is so stupid though. 'cause you got one man dead now his kids who don't have a father, You know, this guy's probably gonna spend the rest of his life in jail and the healthcare system in America will still be di denying people's claims today. Yeah. What, so what got accomplished? Nothing. Nothing.


Nothing. Nothing at all. Yeah. All right. So moving right along New York Attorney General Leticia James is refusing to drop the civil fraud case against President-elect Donald Trump. She argues that presidents are not immune from civil litigation and is waiting for an appeals court decision. Now, Trump was found guilty of inflating property values to secure better loans and he was ordered to pay 550, excuse me, $454 million in fines. Now with ongoing interest, that judgment is now more like 485 million. So Trump's lawyer is requesting that dra that James dropped the suit voluntarily for the sake of national unity.


But James, she's rejecting that and says that Trump can still pay the state of New York and it will not interfere with his presidential duties. So they're seeing what's going on with that. But in, in addition to that, right? So that's not the only massive financial judgment that Trump is facing. The New York federal juries. They also determined that he should pay advise columnist e Jean Carroll, a total of $88.3 million for sexually abusing and defam her. He's denied that, but that is also a judgment against him as well. Good luck. Nothing's gonna happen to Trump. Trump ain't going, Trump ain't going to spin one red Penny.


I don't see it. I don't see it. Yeah. Nope. All right. Well that's where we are coming up. The man who went viral for leaping over a Vegas judge, y'all remember that video? Yep. While he is learning his fate. Hmm. Alright, well we'll get into that next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest, whether you're mad or Club.


Hello, who's This? Don Alejandro brother, please. Blessing and balance. Love. Peace King Don. What Up? Get it off your chest, brother. Hey man, I've been waiting for weeks to legend over. I just want to say star man, could you, could you apologize to Janet Jackson for making her Don the other day? Damn. I didn't make Janet Jackson donkey today, Huh? No, you made her dunk the other day when she said that, that Ms. Harris was, was it black and her, her, and it's like a lot of people don't know that people from India, they consider themselves to be the two Caucasian. I did not give Janet Jackson, Don get a day. Right. Must have told him that I did not give Janet Jackson. Don't get a day.


Okay. I okay. I I could have swore you did bro. Yeah, people always swear Charlemagne did something. That's crazy. Did I give apologies? I didn't give Janet donkey a day. Right. I'm looking it up. I Can't remember you. I don't did Damn. You did My Thank you. I've waited weeks to talk to you about it, brother. Yeah, you should. I just want, so I just, I just wanna clarify this. So the man who came up with the race classification system, which is from Germany, these were the four classifications. You have Caucasian, which is people from India and Western Europe, I mean Western Asia. Then you got the Mongolo, which is Eastern Asia. You got the Australian Lloyd, and then you got the Negro.


You can't be Caucasian and negro. So Janet was right. Oh no, no, no. I didn't give a donkey today. I did breakfast club court And I put it out there And I had to, I had to listeners call in to decide if she should be donkey today. Oh, okay. Well I apologize for that, Bro. Yes, sir. All right, bro. Have a good May the rest of y'all day be pleasure. Blessed too. Said Don't play with Ms. Jackson. Hello. Who's this? My name is Kim calling from Detroit. What up though? What's Going on man? So I, when I want to get off my chest is, well, I drive trucks and my first time in New York was yesterday. Okay. Why is this so dirty? Man, that's a great question On the highway. Trash everywhere. It's Disgusting with all that money we spend in taxes and they now they want to charge us.


They already charge us for to but want charge us for when we get in the city. What's that city thing called? More what we got? Congestion, pricing, congestion. Pricing. I'm with you bro. We should look like Dubai with all the money that we spend in New York. Oh man. The dirtiest city I've been to so far, man. Insane. Now New York is definitely dirty and you ain't get to, you ain't get to the city. So you own the Attleborough. You in Queens in the Bronx, right? Yeah. Yep. I drove through pretty much through New York. I'm in Baltimore now, but Yeah, it's disgusting. Yeah, So it's, it's insane man. It seems like they don't pick up. No, no trash off the highways. It's just, it's it's nasty. I'm not gonna lie. New York just been surviving our reputation for a long time. I'm be honest with you. Like, I, it, it, it's not, it's not a a fly city. It's Chicago Looks better than New York. Charlotte looks better than New York.


Dallas looks better than New York. Baltimore look better than New York. I don't know about all that. Alright, Chill out. We asked the brother on the phone. He's literally in Baltimore right now as Now we just a little bit. Alright, whatever. I don dunno About that. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. I still love my city as dirty as it is. Call us up right now if you need to vent The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, what doing man. Call calling. Yo, this Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina.


James From North Carolina. Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah, I wanted to ask You'all, did y'all check out that Jamie Fox special on Netflix yet? No, I Haven't seen it. Not, not Yet. Yeah, I meant to watch it last night, but I fell asleep. I'm gonna watch it this week. Oh man, it's awesome. It's awesome. Y he takes you on a journey. It's more than just a stand up comedy show. He, he gives some, so a performance like a singing and he takes you to church. He, he, you going to cry a little something. I mean, it, it is off the chain. I keep hearing, I can't wait to see it. Everybody keeps saying that he already got nominated for a Golden Globe, so Yeah, I can't wait to see it. Yeah, it, yeah, it is good. Oh yeah. And Charlamagne, I wanted to ask you, now that 20th Century Foxes with Disney, do you think we might get that, that that DC versus Marvel Clash?


I don't know. I need Marvel to get they act together before that. I'm, I'm not even, to be honest with you, I'm not even interested in that right now. 'cause Marvel has been sucking so bad. Oh well they might pick it up. It might pick up. I mean, dead Pool and Wolverine was great, but before that, what, what have we gotten good from Marvel? Last thing I remember was the vendors endgame thing. Exactly. God damn. Yes. I like the, I like penguin on, on DC though. I like DC villain stuff. I never used to like DC but I like, I like when they be in they villain back. Oh Yeah, yeah. They they they be rocking that. Yeah, the first Joker thank brother, the two Harley Quinn movies. The Penguin series. Fantastic. Hello. Who's this?


Hey, what's up man? This is Jeremiah. What's up Jeremiah? Get it off your chest brother. Hey man, look, me and my wife, we were virgins before we got married. Okay. And I just wanted to get off my chest that there are a lot of men out here practicing abstinence, celibacy, You know, and men just not out here. Just being whole. Like the expectation of this world is Can I ask you a question brother? I'm not mad at you 'cause this is the segment of the show, but why did you wake up this morning with this on your chest? Like Maybe it feels good. Maybe it feels good. He waited until marriage. Well I honestly been doing ministry since 2017. Oh you min, okay. So You know, yeah. So You know, this is like a everyday thing. Like, so if I have a different conversation with somebody, You know what I mean?


Someone like, oh well I never heard of that before but it, You know, it's a lot of men that really need encouragement and women as well. So How was it? Was it worth the wait when you finally had sex? Yes sir. It absolutely Ministry went out the window. Yes sir. All well have a good one, Jeremiah. Alright, thank y'all. I appreciate it all brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up at any time. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Floyd Got snatched up in London. Floyd Got what? Yeah, he Got snatched up in London. I don don't know why I'm smiling, but yet my bad. Floyd got snatched up in London. It doesn't matter. He can't see your face. Oh yeah, maybe he can. What you mean can't see your B?


We'll get to it. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Tony. Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get to just with the mess. Your music is real. Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't, she don't scare nobody worldwide. Just worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off. See, y'all know I got my international sources or whatever, right? And I was down No you don't.


On the floor in London. Yesterday I was on the UK grounds, okay. Yesterday. And I was trying to get some more details on what happened with Floyd being attacked in London. And my guy Thomas Godfrey, he broke it down for me. So we got the report, I got it firsthand. Exclusive Boxing legend. Floyd Mayer was jumped in the street as he went jewelry shopping in Central London after doubling down on his support for Israel in a furious conflict about the war in Gaza. The ex champion whose 47 was strolling around the floor at Hatton Garden this afternoon at around four 30 when he said to have got into a dramatic confrontation of a number of jewelry dealers, including some who accused him of supporting genocide.


What we do know is that the incident spiraled out into the street. One of the jewelers in the market shouted, he supports genocide. People were pushing and trying to get to Mayweather and slap his head. His security guards then ran Mayweather out to the bottom of hat and garden and bundled him into the back of a Rolls Royce four by four, which then sped away. People Always wanna slap a bald head. Why? Anyway, look, y'all know Floyd has been openly in support of Israel and has been documented that he participated in many charitable efforts for the Israel defense forces. So they were, they had a problem with that, as you heard my guy Thomas say. And then it was also the crowd I, you hear in the video, it is bleeped out in the video, but they're calling him the N word, You know.


Oh, you little nigga boy. Oh you little monkey. Like that's what he's saying. They said it like that. Oh yeah, they was monkey. Okay. That's what they was saying. And he was walking down look. And I think it was wasn't it was other black, it was black people that Yeah, it was Black and white people. Oh, was white people too. Yes. But it was, it was a lot of black people. Yep. And he was in the video, you can see it Floyd's security. They let the people get a little bit too close on him, I think. So he ain't never get touched you. You don't see him get touched. You've seen some people squaring up. But Floyd was the one that you can see in the video. He, he has a, a green Louis Vuitton coat. So he looked like, yeah look I wanna be seen. And he was walking like, I wish somebody would touch me. Yeah, But you gotta be careful with that over there. 'cause they'll stab you up. Yeah, Yeah. But did he know or was he just jewelry shopping and some of the jewelers, You know, seen him and, and started screaming at him and that started the whole thing.


That's the jewel that did it. That's What she said. That's exactly what happened. He was in the store and not all the jewelers, somebody was helping him. But then one of the jewelers had said that about him and then it escalated, went out into the street or whatever. Because I was wondering how, how would they know he was there? Like how would they known he was shopping? But if it was like one of them jewelry complexes, Floyd Mayweather with 10 people, but that jazz, A lot of people. But If it was a jewelry complex and all the jewelers were against them, that's, that would make sense. Yeah. You know, I was, people who say things like, I'm not speaking to nobody who voted for Trump or I don't wanna associate with people who voted for Trump. You do realize that there are people out there who feel the same about those of us who voted for the dp because the Biden Harris administration has funded the war in Gaza. Right? Hmm. Like they don't understand how we could support them after watching over 40, 40,000 Palestinian people get killed.


70% of them are women and children. So this is why you can't be on your moral high ground. Yeah. Over who you voted for. Yep. Yep. And Floyd's team is also denying that he got punched or slapped in the head. He also posted this to his Instagram. He said, let me set the record straight. There's no truth to the rumors going around. I wasn't punched or touched in any way. What you're saying is just my security doing their job to keep things under control. I was in the UK for a quick 48 hour stop to do some shopping. And unfortunately people let jealousy and negativity fuel false stories. I'm perfectly fine. And there's really nothing more to it. So that's, that's what he said. I just read that real good. You did. Moving on to the next story. So it's more updates with the Jay-Z lawsuit and everything. We gonna let Lauren LaRosa come and get to that.


'cause y'all know I don't do the litigation. I don't, I don't. When things get a little bit too litigious On out, there's there too many syllables in a word. No, No, no, no, no. When it, when it gets courty, when it gets a little bit too courty. So we gonna let Mr. LaRosa take it away. What brown Girl, she got her cowboy Carter boots on. She should handle this card. Nah, They ain't got no them Don't Do that. Let say over. There's giving a look. Come on now. Ready? Yeah. They gonna say I'm not neutral. You, you better relax. All right, so quick update though. So Jay-Z yesterday, his team came out with an affidavit or they, they filed an affidavit. The affidavit that basically says that in back a few months ago, there was a woman who was approached by attorney Busby's team, that's the attorney that is trying to file a civil or filed a civil suit against him and Diddy.


And this woman basically said that when Busby approached her, he, she wanted to talk about her experience being trafficked. 'cause he'd worked with people in other cases unrelated to Diddy, unrelated to Jay-Z. So they're talking to her, these type, they're having these conversations trying to figure out what her story is. And she says that in those meetings it began to come where they were coercing her, trying to make her connect her experience with something that they could relate to Diddy. Hmm. So they went on, they had the conversation, she's talking to them and it got to a point where they were like, You know what, we're not gonna gonna represent you because she feels like it was because they couldn't connect the two To Diddy. Yeah, to Diddy. And then, which would've Ulti ultimately now connected back to Jay-Z.


She also says that they tried to tell her that she should file anonymous, which would've been filed as a Jane Doe. And she didn't wanna be anonymous, but she said that that's what they were encouraging. And she says that she told them she wanted to explore like criminal options. Like she wanted to actually go file a police report. Yeah. Or whatever. And they told her they didn't encourage that, that they, they would take it civil, which is where you're able to ask for money and things of that nature. So again, this is all coming out because Jay-Z's is, he's on his top. He's not backing off at what whatsoever. He's basically trying to expose every single thing he thinks that aligns with the narrative that he has with Tony Busby. That this man is just out for money. And Does she have proof, does she have like video audio written? I'm written, I'm assuming that there would be some sort of communication this, This proof. Oh my goodness if, if they submitted an affidavit, they're gonna ask for proof of that.


Right. So I'm assuming that she would would have that. Okay. Now in addition to that, Tony Busby, remember Jay was like, well tell your client go, go talk to the police and follow, take this criminal. Yep. Tony Busby also came out with a statement in response to that and basically said that's what's gonna, like, I can't stop my client from doing that. But we're not backing away from it. It's her choice. But like that's not off the table. So that can still happen. Wow. So yeah, those are some of the jail updates. And he was, he's also still saying that he did not try to shake him down for money. He only asked for a demand letter. What's the statute of limitations for the criminal in New York City? In New York there is no statute of limitations. So I was That's crazy 'cause I was just reading that, hold on, gimme one second. I'm gonna bring that back. Per New York state law, there's no statute of limitation for alleged victims to file a first degree felony rape complaint.


So that is still on the table. So They also filed an injunction to get her name out there. Did did that go through as of yet? Or not as of yet? I haven't heard anything on that as of yet. But I mean of course that will happen. But sometimes, You know, the court has to take a look at that and see if the reason why they're asking is worth, because the court is gonna try and protect if they think that she is a victim. Yeah. So that'll take some days. But that hasn't happened yet. Can you file a criminal complaint of the Jane Doe? So what will, I think what will happen is is that the prosecutor's office, and I'm not an attorney y'all, but just in processes of how I've seen this done before, the prosecutor's office will look at what is being cleaned and they'll look at what's happening. They'll talk to her and they'll determine if charges should be brought. And if the charges are brought, it'll be up to them to determine what the charges are based on the evidence they, well Can you do it at the Jane?


Think you could do? I don't think you could do criminally as a, as a Jane Though. But she would have to. Yeah, She, unless you're under age at that specific time, No. Well, okay, so once, okay, I get what you're asking now.


Once The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company,


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What Does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up. Anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four Details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play and a panoramic moon roof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start it in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


She takes it to the prosecutor's office of the police. I don't think that they can do that. When a police report comes out, it can be redacted, but once you get in court and stuff like that, it's like you're there. They can do everything they can try to do to protect you. Like right now, we don't know any of the witnesses involved in the criminal situation with Diddy. Like we only know people that have come out and said that they may have to talk to the feds or whatever, but once you get on court, there's reporters in the room and there's nothing they can do for you. Mm. So, Alright. Happy holidays man. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Got of that, that's what you got from all life. The Carter's were, regardless of all of that, they were styling their profiling at the movie Phi Premier last night. They looked un unbothered and everything. So big ups to the Carter, the family.


And I still got my guy from the UK on the phone. Hang that up for me. Tom is Godfrey. So Yeah. 'cause he was giving me the exclusive, when Did we get long distance? So yeah, what we got long distance. Don't ask no questions, just go ahead, hang up the phone for me. Alright. That's just with the mess. All right. Now when we come back, we got front page news. Mimi Brown will be joining us and in fact Joe will be in the building. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Mimi? Hey, what's up y'all? Okay, so we've been speaking all week about Daniel Penny and now the marine veteran is speaking out for the first time since his high profile acquittal. Now Penny was charged with manslaughter and negligent homicide last year and a choke hold death against Jordan Neely.


And that that happened on a New York City subway train. Now the jury, of course we told you about this, found penny not guilty of neg negligent homicide. And he was acquitted of that top charge of manslaughter. And now he's talking about the case on Fox News. Let's hear what he had to say. The guilt I would've felt if someone did get hurt, if, if he did do what he was threatening to do would never be able to live with myself. I'll take a million court appearances and people calling me names and people hating me just to keep one of those people from getting hurt. So what did they say? It was self-defense. They said he was protecting people like, like I don't, well, I I what was it?


Well, You know, the jury was deadlocked on the first charge of manslaughter and they acquitted him of the negligent homicide. So he just kind of walked and then that's why people are so upset because they're saying, You know, that's all he did was he, he kind of did a Kyle Rittenhouse. Right. He didn't do anything and he, he killed him. Did Jordan Neely have a weapon or anything? Did he No. Choked him out. Choke choked him for six minutes long. He didn't assault nobody, no nothing. Just Oh, you mean Neely? Yeah. I mean, I'm saying why did David even do what he did to begin with? He was threatening folks on the subway. Yes. So he was threatening him. And so this man felt like he had to jump in and save them. But people are, people are arguing that he could have went to another car. He could have called for help. He could have held him until no one came.


You know, there were so many things that he coulda did. He didn't have to kill him. Yeah. I mean, it, it's, I mean, to, to choke somebody for six minutes long and, and they say, people were yelling, yo, get off of him now now's enough, enough. Like he can't breathe. I mean, so he was, I mean he, he was aware that the guy was damn near lifeless. So I mean, the fact that he helped people Yeah, I commend him for that, but choking him for six minutes and the guy is dying and everybody's saying get off of him and he and he does it. That's where it gets a little tricky. Yeah. His, his, his intent shouldn't have been to kill him. It should have just been to restrain. He thought he was a threat. Correct. Especially if he had no weapon And did help come There Was no help. I, I think that people were just in shock. And then, You know, once it was over, people were like, oh my goodness, you killed him.


And so he was charged with homicide. He, that's why he went to trial. He was, he was charged with homicide. So right now he's, he's been acquitted of the entire thing. The case has been dropped, but he does still face a civil lawsuit from Jordan Neely's family. And so that's, that's kind of where it is right now. Mm. Well de we'll definitely send the healing energy to the family of Jordan Neely. I mean I, You know, when it comes to, it comes to David Penny. I don't, You know, I don't, I mean Daniel Penny, I don't, I don't know what I would do in that situation. I don't know what anybody could do in that situation. Like it feels like he did too much, but I don't know. Yeah. And so do y'all remember that video of the man who tried to, or the man who did leap over?


Yes ma'am. When he was being sentenced Yes. In Las Vegas? Yes. So that viral video. Okay, so the man who was trying to attack and, and basically kill because he's, he was tried for attempted murder, kill a judge after jumping over the bench became a viral video. He was sentenced to 26 to 65 years in prison. What did he Black. So the judge? Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yes. So the judge in that case, she was, she was, she prosecutor said that he did a superman style leap over the bench. He tackled her, he pulled her hair while screaming obscenities. The judge was hurt, a marshal was hurt, a police officer was hurt in the attack.


But the sentencing this time around went a lot more smoother. He was surrounded by court marshals, correctional officers. And he did not attack this judge, judge Susan Johnson, after she announced that he was going to serve decades behind bars. But he did have something to say, and this is what he said. I'm not a evil guy And I, I just keep going after me. I see spirits, I see, I hear voices. I've been going through this for over a decade now. Really? Since 2012. You know, and, And I, I just feel attacked or just, just uns just not safe since I was a little kid and me growing up, I didn't know that I had these problems.


Don't play crazy now. Don't Play crazy now. Yo. He did all that cuffed. He was cuffed when he did all that. That's crazy. You wanna play crazy now, now you see dead people. When I was a Kid, this was thousand 12. That's what you and you always going, this has been happen since I was a kid. Okay. Jesus. Listen, he heard. But you, but to be fair, he did, he did have mental issues before he was diagnosed, I think with schizophrenia before that happened. He said that he wasn't on his meds on that day and that's why he kind of just blacked out. His lawyer is saying that he was mentally ill and the judge acknowledged him being mentally ill during that sentence, but said, You know, that is no excuse because he knew right from Wrong.


Now does that change things? Right. 'cause he's on medication, he's Schizophrenic That day. He wasn't on his medication that day and they could prove it. So he had a mental problem that day. Yeah, they should He still get 65 years. That's crazy though. Well, I, I I think anybody with a mental health issue should, You know, they, they should be sending him to some type of treatment center so he can get, You know, the proper psychological help that he needs. But you still gotta do his time. Yeah. Come on. Yeah, But if he didn't take his medicine, he wasn't in his right mind. Yeah, but the, he didn't kill anybody. He jumped he superman. Yeah, but 65 years is a long time. That's The problem with those type of people. Like when you, not in your right mind why Yout ever do nothing nice. Why's always something crazy that you gotta do when you're not in your right mind. You know what I'm saying? Like that like he had enough sense to hop, like he cleared that like he was in Olympics.


That's, that's Nothing touched his body. But if he does the full time, he ain't getting out till he's 96. Or Here's the thing, the judge was going A long time with them Voices. The judge was absolutely gonna send a message to him, You know, but not just him. Absolutely anyone else who may try something like that. That's crazy. That's what that was. That was a message. Don't play with us judges. That that's exactly what that was. What About the voices in his head? Like, Well hopefully he gets the help he needs while he's in prison. Yeah. Like that's just the reality of the situation. Like, You know, they call these places correctional centers. Hopefully they try to do some, some some, some real correcting. Yeah. He messed that judge up And it's, and and whose responsibility is it for him to take his meds? You a grown ass man. If you can sit in front of the, the courtroom like he did just now and explain all his issues, then you don't have no excuse to not take your medicine.


Yeah. You know, you got a problem. So you gotta make sure you on your meds at all times. Especially in a situation like that. If I was going to court that day, you think I'm not gonna take My meds. Yeah, yeah. About about crimes that I committed. You know what I'm saying? When I wasn't taking medicine to Make sure I don't bug out. You don't think I'm gonna take my meds? Yeah, he got a responsibility. He gotta hold himself accountable. Yeah. And before he was, he was only gonna be sentenced to somewhere between 18 to 46 months for some sort of battery charge. And now he's like got 26 to, You know what, I'm 50 something years. See what I'm saying? He was only gonna get 18 months. Yeah, He jumped on the judge, something like that. I know it was 65 years. The maximum he believed he can fly, obviously. And the judge let him know. I'm telling you this was just a message to him. But not just him, anybody else who may try something like that.


So if you're dealing with any mental health issues and you in front of the judge and you think you may spazz out, make sure you take your meds And that is your front page news. I'm Mimi Brown, follow me on social at Mimi Brown tv. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio App and visit b n.com. Alright. Thank BN news.com. Thank you. Thank you Mimi. Now when we come back, Joey Crack fat Joe will be joining us. His new album comes out this Friday and we gonna talk to Fat Joe when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Aria, Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. The future man in New York City. That's right man. Joey Cley Done Man. Don't say that man. I'm out the way. No, you was still, you were dibbling dabbling, you was on stage during the rallies Politics there. Yeah, but I would never, I'm not a politic, I would never be a politician. Hear me out. You Are though naturally Joe. Yeah, but A politician to hip hop. Yeah. Nah, a politician, politician. I can't do it. Trust me guys. Your speech was great though. And people Love you Joe. On, on both sides. No, but Pennsylvanias a Philly, You know, hits me all the time. Lls wife Simone be like, yo, you gotta run for mayor, you gotta run for Mayor Joe.


I be like, yo, you crazy. I'm not. I I got nothing to do with that. Sometimes people see things in you that you don't see in yourself yet, Joe, and just fight for the people no matter what word. And that's it. I don't want, I don't want to be in politics like that. Matter of fact, I might take three years off of politics right now. Discouraged. How are you feeling? How, how, how are you doing Joe? I'm good man. You know, it's, it is a little tough, You know, we've been dealing with a lot of deaths lately and some, You know, sometimes that get to me, but I've been dealing with this so much in my life that I think I've been real strong, You know what I'm saying? So, You know, all our friends been passing from Clark Ken to Fat Man Scoop to Chubby Baby to my man, Percy to my brother last week.


It's just over Overwhelming my whole Are you dealing with, With the devil working? Are you dealing with it? How Are you doing? I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm strong man. I'm stronger than I thought I would be, You know what I'm saying? But You know, it's hard when you gotta tell your moms, You know her, her favorite son died And I gotta fly to Miami to tell her all that, tell his son it's really hard by the How, how has The World changed for you? You see what's going on out here? Yeah. It's like I'm the last un gentrified mc, You know, my music gangster, my daughter be like, yo, but dad, look at what you said. I'm like, yo, I'm not gonna buy a new Ice Cube album. And he gonna talk about he a grandfather. Like I want to hear him spit gangster. You know what I'm saying? So my music is, is un gentrified. It's like raw.


It's gangsters dope. You know what I'm saying? We got something for everybody. And so, You know, The World done changed every which way you could think about it. This ain't the same world we grew up in. You know what I'm saying? This is a, this is a real tough time. Tough time With the new project, You know, besides the Paradise joint is is very street. Did you want to keep it that way? Because you could've talked about a lot of the other things that you're going through. Like you, you were on the road for Kamala, you've got your own show. You are, You know, you doing the Dick Clark New Year's Eve special? Yeah, Yeah. But still man, I, I want, You know, I am who I am musically. You know what I'm saying? And it's entertainment And I like to make that type of music, You know what I'm saying? And so of course I I like to talk my shit.


That's what it's always been for me. So I don't want to change up for nothing. I want you to get it and be like, either you like yeah crack or you like, damn he's still talking crazy. You know, it's a, it is a vice versa. I remember the last project I put out with Dre Naza hit me up and was like, damn first bar you talking about the coke? The, I'm like yo, because your status in society and all that, it starts making you question how you making your music. I grew up on real pure hip hop, street hip hop gangster culture. I always say I was young Jeezy before Young Jeezy. And so I'm gonna talk my talk regardless, You know what I'm saying? I don't like to let You know my family status or who I am now affect the purity of my music.


I want it to sound like Joey from 1993, Joey from 1995, Joey from 2000, 2004. Otherwise I can't do it. If you want me to sit up here and preach to you and be like, yo, this, that Calvin let should have won. And that's not what I'm doing. And you love violence. I was watching the old breakfast club interview and you, that's the way you no he say it. That's what his called it his word. He said, I love violence. I used to love violence. Now I got Security. That's a gentrified answer. Now I got security. That's A smart answer though, huh? So you said that you're the last un gentrified rapper, but when you answer questions like that, that's a great smart but gentrified answer and that's where it should be. So why not? It's not gentrified answer.


It is a, I don't want to go to jail answer. It's a smart answer. Yes, but Why? But why So in the music, right? Like why, what's wrong with like the rappers that are after you? What's wrong with them being the artist? Or like what is a gentrify artist then? Well meaning that, You know, I like they asking me right now like yo jaw as many routes you could have went, why is your album so hard? Right? That's who I am. Right? And I'm not going to change. But you say you don't like violence, Joe, but every we hear stories. I love violence. I'm yesteryear, but no, we hear stories now. I can't do nobody. No you don't. What's the boxer name? Plant. Okay. Oh yeah, yeah. He coming. What I'm, no, He had it coming. 'cause the thing is was here rapper Joe, we kind of caught each other out of the corner of our eye and we both just turned around and started like yapping at each other.


What you say for, he said, how does it feel having to get up off the ground three times? Yeah, that's So Joe just randomly said that to you. Yeah, but yeah. That's crazy. Which is weird 'cause I won, I gotta tell you the truth. Okay. 'cause he skipped out on the truth. Okay. Okay. I'm not to be played with, so let's, let's be clear. I don't love violence and this and that. Don't You know, like what's the problem? Like, well you don't believe the stories don't, You know, I gotta respect that. What's gonna happen to you? Respect me. I'm a elder, I'm a og. I'm walking through mine and my business. He come up on me because he want to fight Edgar Balanga. He's like, yo man, he was talking crazy and jumping like almost like he wants to swing this world attention, viral, all that stuff.


You know, as far as I'm concerned, he a camera dude with him and it just didn't go his way. You know what I'm saying? Because I let him know. I said, yo bro, you'll be eliminated. If you punch me, you're gone, bro. Like this ain't fighting. Not like you're gone. Like this ain't like, and he stopped. 'cause it's very rare somebody tells you something in another way like that. Like in human life when you tell somebody, yo my man, do You know what the this is? You just like, oh wow. So to g the troll is, is over. Like, You know what I'm saying? I was with my wife, I was with my daughter. He was very disrespectful to this guy. Oh, I understand his boxing and all that. But he came at me and he was going like, like he was about to spa. You ain't punching fart Joe.


Do not punch a fat. You punch fat Joe. You got some sort of a wish. Yeah, he said you told him. How did it feel having to get off the ground three times? You got knocked out three times. Why are you talking to me crazy. You just got knocked out three times. What are you talking about? Word? Yeah. What are you talking about? You you want the smoke? I just want the respect that former godfathers had when I was coming up. Certain guys we knew not to play with. We just ain't play with him. Yo, this guy's with his wife, his family don't play with him. Like you wanna play with him Crazy. I gotta ask about doghouse right now. The doghouse. You said you gotta put him in the doghouse. I know, but I wanna Reverse that. When's the last time you've been in the doghouse, in the Relationship?


Oh, many a time. It's like, well, I live in the projects, right? And it was a two bedroom, but the smallest bedrooms. You, we were stuck in apartment five years. Now that I know where my ceilings are so big, the house is so big. We was in each other's face. There was times I went and talk to my father for three, four months and walk around the house, eat my food. This, because, You know, my father was tough. You know, the worst thing you could do is break communication, whether it's your kids, whether it's your wife, and You know, she'll walk around for three months not talking to me. Like, I'm like, oh man, something got to give. You know what I'm saying? Then I gotta go talk to all of, You know, I know how to do this. That's where the politics come in. I, I gotta talk to Terrell.


I gotta talk to Lauren Ridinger. You know, all her influential friends would be like, yo, this is terrible. Like, I'm getting played here. That's why you gotta put him in the doghouse. That's a un gentrified song. Gentrified. There Ain't nobody talking about the doghouse. You know your man Chris Rock, it's his favorite song, but of course he lost 40 million in the divorce. Anybody who took that l like that, they wanna put him in the dog house. The dog house is probably my favorite song on the album. Album. That's crazy. All right, we got more with Fat Joe when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Roasts in the building as well.


We're still kicking it with Fat Joe. His album, The World Changed On Me. It is Out December 13th. Charlemagne, how Did you feel when a dude from the Dodgers horrendous blamed you for performance? For the reason the Yankees lost The World Series? They did. You dirty with the mics, Man, You know, I'm not premeditated enough, right? So somebody like a Jay-Z would've thought about, what if we lose? I never thought that. I'm like, yo, it's, it's Yankee Stadium. My favorite team my whole life. I'm coming out there. This, this that I'm representing Justice. The Puerto Ricans the night before Trump. So I came out there talking about Puerto Rico. So I'm like, it's up. Then they lose now.


Fat Joe, you're the jinx, you're the, I'm like, yo bro. They was down too. Like, but the guy this me, I'm, I'm cool with it. You know what I'm saying? I'm cool with a guy, You know, that's his choice or whatever. I didn't know it was so personal. Like it could have been the Dodgers, it could have been the Blue Jays, it could have been the anybody. Like we was just, You know, I was celebrating The World Series. You know, LA sometimes they really take it La, New York, You know what I'm saying? I ain't look at it like that. I was happy when I seen Ice Cube come out there and kill that, You know what I'm saying? And I loved it. I loved the whole experience about it. So him dissing me don't, it don't mean nothing to me. You know what I'm saying? I get dissed all the time. But You perform at Yankee Stadium many times. But the audio, I practiced three times where the music was perfectly fun.


I played, first of all, Jesse Collins did it. Not only Jesse Collins did it. The guy don't want to disrespect him. The guy who plays the instruments with the beard, who plays the instruments for everybody, right? So I had the two best guys in The World. So we went through the rehearsal and it was perfectly fine. And so when it came on, it was a delay in my, in my, in my ear thing. And I'm trying to catch it. They, they did me. They did you dirty. They did. You felt it in the moment. Did You know? You Were like, oh shit. I'm telling you, I was there. This Jesse Collins I know. So by the way, you're there from the morning to the night. They don't even allow you to go home. Right? When you deal with Jesse Collins, you're kidnapped.


So we went over that three times and it was perfectly fine. And then when the action thing comes on, it's a delay. You know, I perform every night. It's never a delay. It's not gonna be a delay on the Dick Clock. Special New Year's Eve. I don't know what happened. It was a delay. I'm not making excuses. I performed those same three songs every single day. It's not my fault the thing was delayed. I don't know what to tell you. I still enjoyed it. Now, now I wanna go back to the album. They don't love you. Nobody wins with the family feuds. Don't ask me no questions about Remy PAOs. Well you heard it. Why you asking me questions about How many Now I'm not asking you about that. I just wanna know how many times have people asked you about that, where you had to put that in the song A lot.


You know what I'm saying? Behind the scenes, family, friends, this, this, that. And I don't, I can't tell you don't ask no questions about Reverend Pat PO's real Plus, I don't know nothing. Remember when you said that Drake and Kendrick beef was over because Kendrick was taking too long? Yeah, I thought it was over. That's been the rock. I know. Alright, so Listen. Living age bro. Yeah. Remember you said that sometimes people act like my voice ain't powerful if I'm gonna be conspiracy Joe, he threw that record out right after Fat Joe said that next day that joint was up. Oh, fat Joe think it's over. It's on. I don't know. I Didn't think it was over. I just said Kendrick was on The clock. I felt the same. I'm like, damn, it's taking a while. It Was taking a while, but we didn't know he was making chapter 36.


36 chambers of Wu-Tang. So you, the reason Drake Gates still getting dragged for that song? He heard. So Kendrick heard you had to drop the song. Now Drake's still getting dragged. I Don't know if he look, What did you, I don know you got was say you Lawsuit. What did you think Of the lawsuit? A lawsuit. He's filing a petition. I don't have no, no comment on that. You've Been standing by that. No comment. Because I really don't have a comment because like I said, I'm, I'm morally right. I'm loyalty. You know what I'm saying? I just, You know, I gotta no comment that, I mean I think whenever you a multi-billion dollar entity, you gonna have a problem with somebody labeling you a pedophile or some type of sexual offender. So I don't have no problem with that. But the problem I have is him challenging a system that he's benefited from.


Like all of those performers enhancing drugs. The label gave the song or whatever, Drake, you benefited from that your whole career. So that's the issue. I got it. You turned, it's like you telling on yourself, you cut your own legs off from you Turned it on us. Now it's your turn. No, I said I had no comment. But what I'm saying to you is, see what happens with record labels is a lot of times these artists don't know how these records are getting played. A lot of they don't know the workings. They don't even want to do an interview. They don't know what's going on. So they don't know how these records are getting promoted. They don't know what's being done to make you the hottest in The World. But that's why I can't give no comment because to me a rap battle's a rap battle. You move on, Anything should be able to go in a rap battle.


For the most part, Everything has been able to go. Yes, fat Joe has been a fat elephant in the room. My wife on the dis cover like hip hop is, Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's Terrible. Once you go in the yard. I think J Cole knew this. I think he just said, oh this, this too nasty for my liking. Let me just bow out gracefully. Who wants 50 cent on the ass? Like 50 cent on you? It's a terrible day. Like, oh my God. Like I dealt with that for seven years Now. You said that The World changed on me is the album that comes out this Friday. And when you talk about The World changing, what are the things in The World that you're like, I just, there's no way, there's no morals, there's no none of that. The the things that you just said.


That's hard to say with a title like that. How are you Latino when you vote for Donald Trump? When they say Puerto Rico's a dump, a garbage, a trash a this. See the thing about Puerto Ricans is they do it to me. Like to me, and if you ask me, I think I'm king of the English speaking Puerto Ricans, I'll tell you the truth. And every time I go, my nephew, he was born in Puerto Rico, he says, yo, when I go over there and I'll go vacation or something, he says, yo, you went to my island. You went to May Island. My island, every Puerto Rican, that girl right there tell you my island, they really think they own something over there, right? And the man disrespect your island and you talk about that's your president, this and this and that.


And you go vote for 'em. It's disgusting. The World changed on me. Where's your morals? Where's your pride? That was the conversation I had. That's all I could say. You know what I'm saying? And it's just so many different, I don't want to take it political, but it's just so many ways that this world is changing that I just don't understand it. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes things happen in this world where there's a horse and buggy. Like I feel like the horse and buggy just got turned into the car or the Dow phone became a cell. I don't, I'm confused. So I sit back And I be like, damn, this everything weird right now the mayor is indicted police commissioners and one day like this, this is not crazy to you guys. It's like an episode of power. Question to you though, because as like a person that like really feels like your your family in Puerto Rico.


But Shout out to mayor. I stand by the mayor gang. Like not even just with like people that are Puerto Rican, but just people in general that are from where you from went through what you went through. You said you are like the, you're a hip hop politician, you're for the people you were working on lowering the marijuana penalties with Kamala's team. You wouldn't go across the aisle and work with Trump on that because your people need that. I personally think I will never work with Donald Trump. Just me. I don't care what the glory is. What the thing is, I don't care. You know, I've been fighting for healthcare, price transparency, going to Washington for years. This, this, that. If he passed the law, I don't even think I could stand behind him and just be like, okay, he passed the law. I've been fighting for it for 10 years. Just my personal opinion. It is what it is.


You know what I'm saying? When You, when you go in Studio nine, you do albums like The World Changed on Me. What do you, what do you take from big One? I just say I'm the best. Let's just talk about that. Skillful. I'm the best. So you could do whatever you want. Everybody quietly, you listen to my album, you listen to anybody else album. Just see who's the best. Do you take one with you In the studio? And there was a one time there was, I, I got that for you. Whenever I'm with Remy, I feel him in the studio. When me and Remy work together, he's there. You know, other than that, I take everybody in the studio with Me. All right, we got more with Fat Joe when we come back and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Fat Joe is still in the building.


His album comes out this Friday. Make sure you get it. Now you mentioned Remy, right? She's on the US record. When is, when is Remy gonna get back in the studio? And how did you But she Got a whole album. I don't know if it was for her to say it, but she Ready. Ready. Right. It seems like she loves motherhood so much. I don't know if Remy wants to do any more Records. She ever, she, what time is it? It's still early, right? Yep. You doing the girl hair right now? Getting up for school, picking out the outfit. My goddaughter's arguing with her. She wear what you wanna wear. She play like beautician with her. You know what I'm saying? Shout out Lil Lonnie too. So they get ready to go to school. Like she's a real, real mother. Hands on like trunk or treat mother like, like decorating the trunk.


Remy Ma. My thing is, You know, I had told her since the baby was born, I was like, yo, You know get a nanny so that the baby you can move like you're a rap superstar. And she refused And I kept, every time she, every time bro, let's sit down, let's talk. I'm like, I write it down And I be like, nanny with a circle. She'd be like, nah, nah, nah, nah, I'm not leaving my daughter with nobody. And then if you ain't family, like family, family, family, she ain't leaving that girl with nobody. And so I'm like, yo, this is what the rich people do. This is how you get rich. Get a nanny go. She's like, nah, You know I'm with my daughter so nah, I love it.


You know what I'm saying? I love it. She's a real mother. Hands on. But The music is gonna be just chilling till the nanny happens 'cause she can't move around. She dropped Album. No, she got music. She, she Remy Ma is locked and loaded, ready to go, video shot, all type of stuff. So What's the wait Get You gotta ask her. You know what I'm saying? She's like, she's ready. She got a whole album ready to go. You know what I'm saying? So it's on her when she start dropping music and it's fire. Mm. It's just crazy. 'cause when even with your album title, The World Change Me hearing you say that when I listen to your interviews, you always tell stories of times where like y'all had like the cliques, like Irv Gotti, like 50 cent Gu and it like, it seemed like everybody was together.


But there is times that makes you be like, I don't even wanna bring people with me because there was a lot of other stuff happening too. Well I'm just telling you my experience. Yeah. When you look at somebody you took from nothing and they become a millionaire and they popping and they talking crazy about you, it's a diff see, betrayal. This the thinking. He's always talking about mental health but betrayal from the smallest to the biggest, it's the worst feeling in The World. Betrayal. And so when you give people the opportunity to become millionaires And I like you never did nothing for me, you this, this that. I'm like man, you couldn't even wash my shoes. You couldn't wash my socks. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You can't wear my shoes, you can't wash my socks.


You serious? And that happens in the hip hop game. I don't want to feel that no more. I feel it. So I'm like, You know, I'm good. Let me just work. You got your heart broke before Joe a couple of times when you sit there and you're just like, wow, they made moves like that. And You know when, when my whole thing is based on loyalty, my whole thing is based on we better together, we stronger together. You know? And then you defect and they defecting this horrible to me. I tell you what hurts me. And I seen it a million times in hip hop. Just, it's just the way it is. So, alright, I met Big Pun the last day of my second album. I put him on the album immediately I stopped my career.


I had the who shot you? Oh who the think you think you talking to with Foxy Brown and LL when they, I was on my projection turn around, meet this guy was blown away and said, let me stop my career. Where'd you mean pun for people that don't know in the bodega, outside the bodega around my project. See nobody, The World changed on me too at that time. Like nobody told me, yo, you are a rap star now. So I'm still in the projects every day hanging out with them thinking this is all I know. So I stopped. Is he, is he Big pun at the time or is he slim? He's he, he's big punt. We get with Steve Rifkin, my mentor, we signed Punt And I use every juice of my projection on his album.


You gotta understand they didn't even know him. I gotta go to kid do Massenburg Saint, I have an artist. They're like, yo, you barely blew up like you an artist. So you use all these elements to help somebody else, then they blow up. And then, You know, even though me and punk, we never had an argument in our life, but You know, you see where that went after that where you just like, You know what I'm saying? And did you see something? You created something, you did something you did that you can't really maneuver the right way. You know what I'm saying? Fed your own big punch stuff. It would've been already, already movies, out, episode, TV episodes, this, this, that.


It would've been all that if everything was right in the blessing. So that's part of like, You know what I'm saying? You look at that, you go, this is crazy. Big pun, you said if you had owned everything, there would've been stuff out. I know that that was like a long dispute. It's all done now, but never. That's not ever, there's no way that that stuff is gonna happen. We're gonna see any of that ever still at this point? I don't think so. Okay. You know, because sometimes it's almost like you and the, you dealing with a guy, no matter how much you love the guy, he hurt you so, so bad that You know, there's always that element that if you open that door, you'll get hurt again. And so once you got that closure, you just like, I'm good. I'm all right. Irv, have you talked to Irv Gotti? Nah, but I love Irv And I think about Irv And I pray for Irv every day because when we talk about loyalty and morals, You know, the guy took care of me when, You know, I, it was a time I really needed him.


So I super love Irv. I'm actually a business partner with Chris in the basketball app. And so we been, You know, he gets me to all these hood games, You know, 'cause Chris Gotti is so passionate about street, street ball. Street ball. So that Clash tv, You know, we're partners, You know. And with Irv, I never, ever once again And I, I'm, I know I sound like a sucker every time his name comes up. 'cause I do. 'cause I look at the interviews And I be like, dad Joe, you like a sucker when it comes to this guy. But it's just people you love though. I love him so much, but I really meant no harm and, and take anything away from him. I was just defending the girl that I consider my sister, that I call her my sister every day to this day she hits me up every day.


You know, the baby's beautiful, this and this and that. So it is what it is. Well that Just sparked the question. What's that? Because they Were saying that Ashanti's having another baby. Mm. Is that happening? A I don't think so, but I wouldn't put it past it. That's the problem. I think I got lied to when I heard the information. Like you, I went straight to the first time. I don't know if I'm being lied to. She might think I got a big mouth and I'll say something. You know what I mean? So I'm just Joe Joe bro. I don


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan is a messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor is. State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, hand picked and ready to wrap. Wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


You wanna know what's going on? I got the breaking news. I don't have the breaking news. So You know, when they act, I, I don't know if I got the correct answer. Mm. And we do a season two of Jora, a federal speech. Yeah, federal talks. Federal talks. Yes, yes, yes, yes. We doing it. We started getting like, I think March shooting probably February, March. And You know what tv You know it's a serious thing. Absolutely. It's like, You know, you gotta shout out to stars for supporting division. I love what we did, but I want to bring a little bit more Streeter icons on the show. You know, I want Young Thug on my show. I want, You know, I want, You know, I want talk that.


Right, right, right. You know what I'm saying? And then it's like when you deal with tv, it's a big different It is like, yeah, they'd be like it. I didn't know that. That's kind of what you Was doing when you had that show where they had to come down into like that little, it looked like a cave. What was that called? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's Coca Vision. That's on title. It was free too. Yeah, you, that's why I had six nine that time. You know what I'm saying? All in, I had everybody, but you could talk freely and do whatever, You know, TV's a different type of thing. But so far I've stood to everything I always said I would do. TV show is Maverick, LeBron, fat, Joe Black and Brown. I have a series coming out with the Terrero brothers, Dominican Yu and Jesse and Kenya Barris, black and Brown.


I went to Hollywood and most people let them people do what they want with 'em. I can't do that. That's one based off your book. Huh? That's the one based off your book. Yeah. Yeah. The one based off the book. So, but my thing is, I stand by why I say, And I go out there And I do it and You know me, I been praised And I've been let down and all I know how to do is to keep moving, moving forward and, and, and keep going for the prize and going for the legacy. And we, we pretty good at that Fat Joe. The album comes out this Friday. Make sure you get it. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the message. Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't nobody worldwide. Just worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She, the coaches shooter, she was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See something. It's time to set it on. Alright, so 50 cent showcases Drake's op list. So 50 cent, he did an interview with Big Boy and during the conversation he spoke on some of his red beefs and it led to a conversation about Drake's beef. This is the op page. He's just winning consistently more than everybody else in the culture. And then these people start to turn into people that feel like they're ops 'cause they keep watching 'em win. And then you go, I want this thing forever, man.


Right. I want, I'm not sure forever. Right? Forever. Do you ever feel like be you could be knocked off the high horse, you have to know when to pivot. Who's on the opolis? First of all, Listen. And How and how come the list Just, why do we just assume that those people did Drake wrong? How come we don't, how we know Drake didn't do them wrong? I'm so glad you asked. Okay, so it is a lot of people it it is 50. So Theopolis it is 50. I mean it's 70 names on it. Okay. And your name is on it too. Of course. Char, I'm an OG drinker. Me and Envy not me. Envy. He's an og, I'm an OG drink. He OG Day one. Og. Okay. Day one. Day one. Wanna be moved up to the first. You wanna be moved up to number one? Oh, it's an alphabetical order. Justin. It's an I know but it sounds like you talking like you wish you was first.


He's top Five. Okay. He's top five. Right. Top five, Not top five. Hate it. Not up though. And we got you a gift. Well I got you a gift for making the list in there so you can puck her up and, and get ready. You Should give us a drink. Get some ass. He does duck lips in every picture. Oh My God. And that's a little t-shirt for the walker. Shame boo. So that's, that's, that's for you right there. Open that up. We see what that is. You ain't Gotta open It up until later. Ain't In here. She got this out the damn office. No I did not. Anyway. Other 50 News. It is T-shirt. It's a jungle brother T-shirt drop one of fool mom for the jungle. Brother girl Our house. Shoot Girl our house. Well I am get you some lip gloss girl. But congratulations for making the list I guess. Yes.


Clear. Clear. He don't care though your Name with a good company and More and more 50 cent news. So he also shared a post to his Instagram following the release of Luigi Mae's manifesto. He shared a screenshot of a report about Luigi Manifesto along with the caption that said, I don't know, I kind of like this killer. I'm sorry this is going the this way It is, I'm sorry it's going the way that it is, but I'm doing a documentary on him. He is special. I apologize in advance for anyone who doesn't understand as we all learning more about the man who is being charged for the murder of the United Healthcare. CEO people are becoming more interested with the story and 50 is clearly trying to be in the front of the line.


Yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't, of course there's gonna be documentaries in the future, but I I don't think we should reward that. We shouldn't say he's special. We shouldn't say we like that. Well, to what you said 50 did delete the post. So maybe he had a change of part as well when he woke up or whatever. But yeah, he deleted the post Then. Yeah, I'm with you. You shouldn't reward that behavior. But it's, it's been on the topic list of, of everybody in the last couple of days and weeks. So I would love to know that, You know how it started where he got there. Yeah. What made him so upset? His family. 'cause his family was wealthy. So I would love to, to see the ins and out of, of that man's life though. Yep. Yeah. So vigilante justice is not good because You know, the person who's doing the killing is determining whether or not you deserve to live or die based on what they feel about a situation.


Yeah. For true. That could go left for anybody. Yeah. But if he did, he's gonna, he's gonna serve life in prison. He's gonna come. Maybe He should. Absolutely New Diddy accuser. So a John Doe filed a civil suit against Diddy back in October claiming that Diddy drugged and sodomized him two decades ago at one of the Diddy's all white parties back in 2007 in the Hamptons. John Doe sat down with Elizabeth. What'd you say? It Said, excuse me, You heard her? He sat down with Elizabeth Wag Meister Jesus. That's the last name from CNHC as a real person. Yes. Oh, sorry. Wag Meister. He sat down with her to anonymously recount what he claims happened. At first he was incredibly friendly, very gracious. So Sean Combs himself offered you a drink.


Correct. The first drink started to have some effect on me And I just thought, wow, these are really strong drinks. It wasn't until the second drink and it was already too late that I realized that there was something wrong with the drinks. And once I was in a helpless position and he was sure that he was in a position of power, then he took advantage of the situation. Your lawsuit says plaintiff was held down by Holmes who overpowered him while he struggled to escape due to the effects of the drugs in his system. It goes on to say he sodomized you. I was screaming, I was telling him to stop. It was incredibly painful.


He was acting like it was nothing Getting sodomized while you wearing all white. I know that left a stand. It Was shut up. He said, he said he was acting like it was nothing. Now y'all know when things get a little bit because he was The top. Well, you don't know what it was. That's why we have Lauren here. 'cause when things get a little bit, he was also security. So he might not have been in white litigious for me. I bring in the girl. So go ahead. How y'all doing? Go ahead. Yeah, so, so he, he was, first of all, he was security. He Was was hired by a third party security company. That's why he was even there. But I will point out this, it was one of the actual filings. Remember when Attorney Busby had all those like 120 clients that dropped all those filings at one time? Right. This was a part of that. And it was filed when it was filed c and he did this interview with CNN 'cause he's one of the first like people that made these claims to sit down and actually do an interview.


CNN was like, wait, in your original suit, you said it was 2006, not 2007, but now you're saying 2007. And it also pointed out to his attorneys that in the original suit it mentioned he was never married. But now you're saying you were married and it messed up your marriage, which ended and you couldn't come out and tell your wife. Mm. So after CNN pointed this out, CNN claims that after they pointed out the discrepancies that John doe's, attorneys went back and filed an Amen complaint with the court changing those details. And they did acknowledge that the mistakes were made in a rush to file. Which is like, that that, That, that happens a lot though. When, when sometimes lawyers rush too fast and they get the wrong details or the details or put in different places. That happens a lot. But did you notice the fact that it seemed like he was so prepped, like just listen to the words that he was using.


He was helpless. That he was using a position of power. I mean, whenever you, You know what I mean? So you could tell that, that it doesn't seem natural. It seems like that he was But you want him To say he asked me in the butt. I would say, Because that's a fair thing though, for an attorney to prep a client before a CNN interview like that happened. You know what I'm saying? So because he Probably, if when you're telling the story you, it's probably like some things you Can't say Or CNN, you telling the story. You probably telling the story. Like, You know, like, yo, he held me down at me in the butt. All he said he doesn't really, and so the lawyer probably was like, yo, you can't go on see n And I was looking back, He said it caused it's, he got to tell the story he barely even wanted to tell his wife at. And That's what I meant at. Would you No, I'm just saying that's what's I'm saying. Like he's in a barbershop just talking. But, but that's why men don't come forward because You know, like nobody take us serious.


Like imagine having to tell somebody that story and first all, I don't know if the story is true, but you shouldn't be allowed to remain anonymous and file a suit and you shouldn't be allowed to remain anonymous. Take police and all that. You should not be allowed to remain anonymous and interviews. That's crazy. Yeah. No, that's not right. If you going do all of that, you have to show your face. Don't face. No, did did these reps of course have denied that this even happened. They deny all the John do's claims And and he was security. Right? So that means he was big. He he was muscular. We would think that he would be able to fight. You Would assume that. But he also said that he was drugged. He's claiming that he was drug the second drink. Yeah, he was weaker after the Second drink. Yeah. Security got breached that night. Allegedly. Charlamagne, I'm not doing this with you. What? There is a hot place in hell and I'm not going with you. I'm not. Amen. It don't go in my offense. Ain't know it was Security. It is. Big ass got, oh, we don't know it all 11.


That's what he Said. That's what he said. Legendary. Okay. Security got breach is good. That was a good one. That Was, I wasn't trying to be good. See that's the problem. You wanted everything to be a joke. I wasn't making a joke. Oh, now you wouldn't then that's when I get in trouble. Lauren put this. That's just Lauren. Oh that was messy eyes trying to make You sure. What? What next? I'm leaving You giving your donkey too, man. Oh four after the hour, man, there is a young woman from name from Memphis named Stephanie Samuels. And I'm telling you man, it is sad what is going on out here in these streets because people just simply can't afford to live the life they want. We'll discuss. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning to a as charlamagne some Donkey days just so themselves Having, watching Charlie man, what's ready for donkey?


I never heard of donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Donkey. Everything Charlamagne is saying Yes. Donkey. Today for Wednesday December 11th goes to a 36-year-old woman from Memphis, Tennessee named Stephanie Samuels. I'm telling you right now, times is hard and they're not getting easier. Okay? No time soon. All right? If you are blessed enough to be making a couple of dollars, you should. Thank God for that Every day. Drop on a co box for everybody out there just making a couple of dollars. Okay? You don't have to be rich if you got enough to keep some food on your table, a roof over your head and you can treat yourself to things. And when I say things, I'm not talking no damn Birkin bags or the latest Jordans.


You know, if you doing that, you really winning. I'm talking simple things like a manicure, a pedicure, a haircut on a weekly basis. How about getting your hair braided? Okay, that might be something that a lot of humans on this planet takes for granted. Having a couple of dollars to get your hair braided. Jess, you have some amazing looking braids in your hair right now. Yes. Thank you so much. How much did they cost? Mm, 5 75. Jesus. That's a blessing. Yes y'all. That is a blessing in Philly. Okay? Because there are so many people out there right now who would love to get their hair braided but can't afford it. Okay? And Stephanie Sandwich is one of those women. Now, just when you was younger and couldn't afford braids, how did you make Dew? Or were you never in that position? No, I was definitely in that position. Okay. I used to had a little side ponytail with a sprout. Okay. And I thought I was cute. I thought I was killing It.


So when you couldn't afford braid, what did you do? You just didn't get Em. I just put my head in a side ponytail like I just said. That's it. Oh, I was looking, struggling. Okay. Like, Yeah. Well, so I wanna know. That's why I wanted to ask. I wanted to know your story because I would assume that if you couldn't afford braid, you just do another protective hairstyle like you just said, right? Or you find a cheaper option or you go out and work for the braid, pick up an extra job, something. But what I do know is whatever you chose to do or whatever you choose to do, is smarter than what Stephanie Samuels did. See Stephanie was just getting the finishing touches on her braids and she told her hairstylist four words that a hairstylist never wants to hear, especially after she already finished the work. And those words are, I can't pay you. Mm. What happened next? Well let's go to Fox 13 for the report please.


Latasha Dickerson has been braiding hair for more than 20 years. Dickerson says Stephanie Samuels has been a client for 17 years. Samuels came to her home to have small extra long box braids done last month. This cell phone video shows how Samuel's hair came out after nine and a half hours of braiding. Thank you. Dickerson says she charged Samuel's $200. She gave me $50 and said that's all she had right now. That was it. And then she was like, I can't give you nothing else. I gotta pay my mortgage. Dickerson says she was at a loss for words, especially because Samuels is a childhood friend. Police say Samuels bit dickerson's right arm pepper sprayed her and pulled a box cutter on Dickerson while her children were in the home.


Dickerson says she was looking forward to using the money towards Christmas gifts for her children. She advises hairstylist to request a deposit and have clients pay upfront before starting the service. I feel so sorry for this hairstylist. What's her name? Latasha Latasha Dickerson. Yeah. That's messed up. Not only because she didn't get paid, I know Dan well, I know damn well she couldn't properly fight either. Okay? Because she was tired as hell standing on her feet all that long time. Nine and a half hours doing this. Woman's braids, hairstylist be exhausted after they do a head of hair. You ever see that meme with a Popeye's chicken lady sitting outside looking tired? That's how every hairstylist in America who does braids be feeling?


And then you gonna tell me you can't pay me, then you going to bite me, pull out some type of chemical agent a a pepper spray, okay? And spray me with it and pull out a box cutter on me. I ain't got time for all that. And what's crazy about this is all projection. Okay? Stephanie got mad because she broke. And I understand. I get it. People out here doing bad, they're hurting. They broke. Stephanie probably didn't bite the hairstylist outta just pure anger. She might have been hungry too. Okay? And it don't help that lotto out here making songs, calling people Broy. And it's about, can you imagine you riding around bumping Lotto album that beat drop burst fire and 52 seconds into the song you realize she talking about you. Come on man.


We live in a world with a gap between the haves and have-nots is so wide and the have-nots have to go on social media all day and watch a bunch of people lying about how much they have that can cause you to go crazy. But I would like to tell people this. You can fix being broke, but you can't fix being poor. Okay? Being broke is a, is temporary. A lot of times being poor is systemic, but also having very poor character because Stephanie, this just shows how poor your character is. Latasha was a childhood friend, all right? Sometimes you have to learn to do without you not entitled to braids. You can't get mad at this woman because you can't afford the hairstyle you want. And for you to book an appointment, get your braids put in and then attack her because you can't pay her and you wasted her time.


She had every right to beat your ass. You didn't have no right to throw hands with her. Now you charged with aggravated assault and you have a bond that's a thousand dollars. Okay? If she couldn't afford to pay $200 for braids, you think she gonna pay a thousand? You think she can afford to pay a thousand dollars for a bond? Huh? Come on man. The moral of the story is being poor leads to poor decision making. So don't let temporary circumstances of being broke land you into a permanent place called prison. Please give Stephanie Samuels the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You the of the day.


The day. By the way, nine and a half hours, $200. Lord have mercy. That's crazy. My girl took three and a half to do mine. She started At and yours is amazing. Thank you. Look at Stephanie Uhuh. First Of all, all she must've know, she must've know she was only, she was only gonna pay $50. Nah, she Jesus. Yeah. She probably looked at them and was like, oh no, I only got $50 for this to be honest with you. And I'm gonna bite you bitch because these, this is not what Uhuh, that's That what I paid for. Yeah. You That was Tim. Yeah. Yeah. Little Timo. Yeah. Oh my God. Or maybe she just had a rough night and it's the way she got 'em placed now.


No, no, that's not that look like you ever see one of them things that what I wanted versus what I got. That's now I'm looking at the, I'm looking at it, I'm like, I don't know. I don be the bitch there. That's crazy. Nah, I, for me to still get up looking like that, damn. I don't know. Alright, Well thank you for that donkey Today. Yes indeed. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now Florida. Florida, starting January 1st, Florida will enforce a new law requiring parental permission for children under 16 to have social media accounts. Now the law was signed in by the governor, allows parents to approve access for teens, ages 14 and 50, but 15.


But bans accounts for younger children entirely. So let's open up the phone line. What are your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you feel this is something that can be enforced? Do you think it's a good thing? Do you think people should mind their business and let the parents just decide or, or whatever it may be? Let's discuss. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Daddy call Man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club nephew just joining us.


We're talking about this band that takes place January 1st in Florida. Let's listen to the news report. The Law of events children under the age of 16 from opening social media accounts on some platforms, focusing on criteria related to such things as algorithm and addictive features. Parents can now allow 14 and 15 year olds to have accounts, though net choice's. Associate director of litigation, Paul Tasks says Florida's minor social media ban is one of the most restrictive in the country. The association of tech companies, including Facebook, parent company Meta and X is challenging the law. It restricts access to social media websites by minors and adults who have to verify their ages in order to access lawful information.


It comes as social media is becoming a larger part of many teenagers lives these days. A Gallup poll found that American teens spend more than four hours a day on social media. All right, so 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Let's start with you, Jess. What do you think? I honestly feel like there's nothing wrong with it. I feel like if we leave it in the, 'cause you said if you think people shamani business and let the parents handle it, we've been leaving it in the, the, in the heart of the parents for, You know, a long time. And kids are, they're exposed to way too much these days way too young. So I feel like there's nothing wrong with it. They, I feel like it needs to be effective in more than just Florida. The only problem with that is kids aren't stupid. Right? Kids know that all they gotta do is just change the, the actually the born date and that'll be able to get them in.


But that's the thing. You know what mean? You think they don't know that too? Yeah. You know what I mean? They didn't do that. So kids, I mean, unless you're gonna make a a, a child or somebody show an id like, You know, 'cause You know, your kids know now, oh, I gotta be 16. That means I was born in 1989, so I'll put 1989 and there's nobody to verify that. So kids would be able to go on there anyway. I mean, I love the band. I just think we should be able to do it a lot better. 'cause these kids are small. They'll just change the date. Yeah. But I, I love the fact that these kids can't get on those sites and can't get on those lines without parental permission. But I do know not all kids use it for the, for the, the horrible things that we see a lot of kids use it for. Like my daughter are online because they follow dances. So like they follow the girls from the Rockette and learn different dance moves, but that's their parents watch over them to make sure that they're actually doing it.


But I like the band Charlamagne. I have no problem with it. We are realizing more and more the impact of social media on people's mental and emotional wellbeing. I feel like it's ruining our critical thinking skills. Everybody thinks in extremes nowadays. It's causing depression, anxiety, other mental health issues. Yeah. It is addictive. As any drug out there. I have zero problem keeping kids off social media. I'm watching the impact it's having on adults. Yeah. So imagine what it's doing to these young developing brains. I don't have no problem with this. And A lot of kids are so, like, they're not confident these days 'cause they look and look and they looking at what everybody else got. That's right. You know, and how young you are. And you can be rich, you can do this and you, and they just, they they down in themselves.


So yeah, I think it's a great van. The only way that I think that you can really ban it the, the best way. 'cause like you said, kids will change the date is if you charge, And I know people hate charge and even if you don't charge a dollar, 'cause now a kid gotta get permission to get that dollar. Like, You know what I mean? Because no kid's got no credit card, so their parents actually have to charge 'em. But people are gonna be like, oh, I don't wanna pay that dollar. But that's really the only way. Yeah. If a kid got, if you gotta charge it, You know what I mean? Yeah. If your kid wants Roblox, if he wants something online, he has to ask mom or dad. Yeah. That's the only way to really ban it. And By the way, this, this isn't nothing new, You know, as, as, as, as, as much as America acts like we're the leaders of The World. We're not like, You know, there's a bunch of other countries who have social media restrictions for children. Hello? Who's this? Hey, am I on?


This is Liz from Queens. Hey Liz from Queens Park. From St S. What that Okay. Saint Bans. All right. You know I was in Springfield, but what's your, what's your, what's your opinion? What do you think? Let's go. So I, I feel like it's a half Hampton because one kids are a little bit smarter than parents. See? Alright, cool. You can't, you need log onto Instagram, right? I cut my daughter for Instagram. Liz. Liz, Liz, your phone is cutting off. Can you take us off Bluetooth for a speaker right fast so we can hear you clearly? Oh, that makes sense. Got you. I was saying most, I cut my 11-year-old all off over social media and I found that she was using Safari and Google to log on. So I want to be sure if they know your date of birth they have, if they create their own email, they can circumvent all of that.


And that actually makes kids more sneakier. I believe that if you are occupying your child's time with activities and all this other stuff, but I can say that as a parent And I have a husband so that, You know, we are, there's a two family team That's right. Making show that these kids are occupied, that they don't have enough time on social media, then, You know, then it becomes a problem. And they're affected by social media. My kids don't have that time. They're in soccer, they're in all these clubs. That's right. And so when you do get the chance to get on social media, whether it's, You know, after 7:00 PM I still have control. Also, I will say that I had to teach some of my friends who have Apple phones, how to control their kids' devices. A lot of parents don't know that.


So like a lot of parents don't even know the fact that, okay, another example, You know how you have free subscriptions and you use your email and then if pre subscription is up in after three months, you go, I don't wanna pay for that pre subscription. I'm gonna change my email address and use another one. Yeah. The same thing that can be done with the kids. So I kind of feel like it's a half, half-assed attempt because as a parent you literally need to parent you, you need to control those hours of the day of the things that they're doing. And I believe, And I know I understand a lot of people may not have that, but I mean, honestly we have to be a little bit smarter. I feel like that waste of time and legislation should have been concentrated on something totally different. I, I agree with you Liz, but let, let me ask you a question. This is what I was thinking. Now this is what I said. I said if even if you charge a dollar right, or 50 cent for to, to be on there, I think that'll stop it because a kid ain't gonna have a credit card.


So a kid will have to get permission from their parents. And that way that's a, a better way of, of, You know, making sure the kids stay off it. That's not a bad idea at all. I I, I like what you said too Queen, about, You know, just making sure we as parents are filling our kids time with a lot of extracurricular activities because to me it's just like a diet, right? If you condition your kids to love chicken fingers and french fries, when you present the healthier options, they, they not gonna want that, but they kids, right? So, You know, you, we ask these kids, do you want this? Do you want that? No, I know what's best for you here. Correct. Right. Thank you Liz. That Kids have no capacity. They have no end game in mind. That's right. And so we as a parent have to make sure that we're looking at that ahead of time and going, all right, we need to make these choices of whether they like it or not.


Like let's control this before it gets outta hand and now they're succumbing to social media stuff. You know what I mean? I agree. Thank you mama. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's up? This is Jay. Jay, what's up? Where you calling from? Calling From nine one oh man, North Carolina. All right. What's your thoughts brother? Hey man. So I don't think it's really a bad thing, You know, 'cause it protects the children, but I feel like they gonna find a way to get, get on there anyway. Social media still is so much negative, Man. I agree. Alright, Thank You Jay. So much misinformation. He's right. I mean that's why Envy's idea isn't a bad idea at all. Like, You know, if you gotta pay to get on these social media sites, You know, like you said, these kids ain't got no credit cards or nothing like that, so they gonna have to ask parents permission even if it's 50 cent. 'cause I mean, you gonna need a credit card. That's, that's the whole idea.


Yeah. Maybe it's, or maybe it's some type of verification process or even if a kid lies, lies, lies, there's something that only a parent can answer. So they gotta go get the parent. Yeah. You know, to be that final verification. Or even if you charge a credit card and then they put the money back. You see what I'm saying? But at least like having a like no 10-year-old is gonna have a credit card. You know what I mean? Yeah. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Let's discuss Florida is gonna require, it's a new law requiring it's a new law requiring parental permission for children under 16 to have social media counts. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV, just hilarious. Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about a new law that starts on January 1st in Florida. Let's hear the news report. The law of prevents children under the age of 16 from opening social media accounts on some platforms, focusing on criteria related to such things as algorithm and addictive features. Parents can now allow 14 and 15 year olds to have accounts, though nacho's, associate director of litigation fall tasks as Florida's minor social media ban is one of the most restrictive in the country.


The association of tech companies, including Facebook, parent company Meta and X is challenging the law. It Restricts access to social media websites by minors and adults who have to verify their ages in order to access lawful information. It comes as social media is becoming a larger part of many teenagers lives these days. A Gallup poll found that American teens spend more than four hours a day on social media. So We're asking 805, 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts now? Jess? You think this is a good, good idea? Yeah, I do. I think it's a good idea. Just 'cause our kids, they have access to so many things. Things that we don't like to see. Things that we wouldn't even dream of having access to when we were younger, You know?


And then what you said earlier, Charlamagne, like kids asking them what? Parents? Asking kids, what do you want? I wasn't asked what I wanted back in neither the day growing up. No. My mom told me what was good for me. My dad That's right. Told me what was good for me. That's right. So yeah. And then asking a question that I think that's a good way to either charge a dollar or asking a question that only your parents can answer. Like, who is James Brown? Ain't no 14-year-old kid out, But kid could Google that. Ah, like that Granddaddy nigga Google. Hey Yo, that's granddaddy. But yeah, I think the band is a good idea. Well, Let's go to the phone lines. We got TT on the line. Tt, good morning. Good morning. Now TT you calling from Florida.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with preview features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. What question remains? Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle A black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Received 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap. Wear and love Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Yep. I'm calling from a Duval County. Do Dova Jacksonville was happening. I be There this weekend. Yes. I was just calling to say that these kids is not gonna respect that these kids are different. These kids that do all kind of your right, it's a joke. They gonna laugh at this. I, I would tell y'all what they'll say, but I can't tell y'all 'cause we on the radio. Well tell us. We bleep it out. Tell us what you say. Especially for kids, what they gonna say. It's Not, it's, it's not gonna happen. It is just not gonna happen. They just need to, I I I wish it was 'cause I'm a parent that don't think that they should have access to it at these young ages, but man Yeah, you're Right. You listen to us on 93.3. The beat. Yep. Okay. Salute everybody that listen to us on 93.3. The beat in Jacksonville. Thank you. You gonna be there this weekend, right? Jess? Friday.


Okay, Friday, yep. At the Vice Star Arena in Jacksonville. I'm gonna be there with Martin. Martin Lawrence. Okay. Thank you mama. Hello, who's this? It's Nadia calling out of Florida. Hey Nadia from Florida Park For Lauderdale. Fort Lauderdale. All right. What's your, what's your opinion, what's your thoughts? I definitely, first off I said good morning Jess. Good morning Charlemagne. Tha God and envy y'all. Good Morning boo. Good morning. Thank you Jess. I love you though. I love you too Bull. But anyway, I just, I do believe that it's a law that should be enforced very much because the kids out here, they're outta hand and especially here in Florida, they're doing some nonsense on social media and it's just showing the younger ones to follow their lead.


And I definitely need, it should be everywhere, not just Florida. I agree. I agree too. I agree. So, Charlamagne, you right, some stupid people are here in Florida, not me, but they really are. Well I love Florida, but we, it is just a known fact that the craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. That's why people are pushing back even against this, this, this legislation because it's Florida. If it was anywhere else, they take it more serious. But they here Florida, they like Za go Florida, Florida and no, Florida got they getting it right with this one. And it's affecting a lot of our young kids. Mental health. That's right. I do believe that. It's something that we, we, we definitely need to put into law. I Agree. Thank You. Mad. Alright, well what's the moral of the story? If there's A moral, I mean I, I disagree with the band, You know what I'm saying?


Like I, I got, I feel like it's ruining our critical thinking skills as humans. Everybody thinks in extremes it's causing depression, anxiety, other mental health issues. And I, I think that social media is addictive as any drug out there and we see how it impacts adults. Yeah. So imagine how it's impacting young developing minds. I don't have no problem with putting the band on it for young kids. Yeah, I agree with the band. They like you, you, I think you should ban it And I think you give parents the rights to, to be able to allow their kids to do certain things. There's a lot of things you could say like what the girls, what the woman said earlier, like I have a screen time on my, on the kids' phone where they can only use the phone a certain amount of time a day. And once they get to that time they can't use it. Hi, you gotta show me how to do that. 'cause I heard her say that earlier. I didn't know you can do that on Phone.


Yeah. Put screen time so that way You know, the kids are not only looking at certain times but I allow my kids to get on social media for certain things. Like I said, my daughter's a dancer so they love looking at other girls dancing and learning different moves and one of their teachers danced for the rocket. So they like looking at different moves and that's how they actually learn new moves. But outside of that I kind of watch and make sure that they don't like I don't want my kids looking at The Breakfast Club. Yeah. Hell No. Why we be having informative stuff on here Sometime to, to your point, it depends what we, what what we're doing. Right, right. But we can't, I can't decipher what we gonna talk about in formative stuff, You know, or when you just trying to grab my ass like I just Never tried to Grab my as Ash ain't back up here. Ash went to school, was up here one time, went to school talking about pause, pause, pause. I'm done. No, I don't want my son back up here neither.


I don't. All right, well we got just what the mess coming up, what we talk about. Oh my God. It's just crazy out here. Oh boy. That means you don't got nothing. Why You have to say that every single time. That is true. Because when you have something you say it, We get to it next. Just leave me, we'll get to it next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't Nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club.


She's a ship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Thank you Monique so much for letting these know. Alright, Kaitlyn Clark speaks on the white privilege. Kaitlyn Clark was featured in Time X Zane after being named Athlete of the Year Drop Cleon for shorty. That's what's up. I just thought she was named Rookie. Yeah. But yeah, she's athlete of the year too. In an article, Caitlyn dressed white privilege while still defending her title. She said, I wanna say I've earned every single thing but as a white person there is privilege. She also went on to say a lot of these players, a lot of those players in the league that have been really good have been black players. This league has been built on the backs of black.


Sorry. No I shouldn't say that. She said This league has kind of been built on them. The more we appreciate that, highlight that, talk about that, then continue to have brands and companies invest in those players that have made this league incredible. I think is very important. I have to continue to try to change that. She says she got, she, she's taking a responsibility of having to continue to try to change it. Okay. Martha Luther, Luther King, Martha Luther King, I that. Martha Luther King. That's nice. Caitlin was also named WNB a's 2024 Rookie of the Year. I like what she said though. I like how she definitely pointed out that, You know, it is is all white privilege. But I do think her hard work got her what she got like shorty short. No, she gets busy. She can't, she can't deny it. She Extremely nice.


But You know, whenever you are a race that excels in the industry where that race usually doesn't excel, it's going to be more of a spectacle. Like it don't matter, like if you Eminem with hip hop, if you Eminem and hip hop, if you President Obama in politics. Yeah, if you Serena Williams in tennis. Tennis if you Kaitlyn Clark in the WNB, if you Tiger Woods Right. Whenever you are a race that excels in the industry where that race doesn't usually excel, it's gonna be more of a spectacle. Absolutely. I agree with that though. That's, that's really dope. Nick Cannon on relationships. So he did an interview with Dr. Omar Johnson. Why he keep talking to Dr. Omar? Like they got like a show together, they collaborating. He, he, they, that seemed to be his favorite person. He keep on sitting down with him during the conversation. Dr. Omar spoke to Nick about his performance as a husband while he was with Mariah Carey.


Do you feel that part of your inadequacy in your marriage was due to the fact that you didn't feel needed enough by your spouse? A hundred percent. But wouldn't you also have to agree that that was a bit immature and archaic? Absolutely. At this point. Hindsight. But it also, 'cause I think even before my marriage and even more, it enhanced after my marriage that I've always had a king complex. What you mean by that? That I'm looking to build a kingdom. I need my queen, I need my court. You don't commit because you feel inadequate in in being able to perform within that relationship as a husband should. Absolutely. That's probably what I would've loved to have said to Dr. Bryant because it's not about the mothers of my children being low functioning.


I didn't agree with that. Yeah. I'm the low functioning individual That what thing about Dr. Bryant, she gonna give it to you how she said it. And another conversation Nick had with Dr. Bryant. She had, she had kind of, sort of played to that where she didn't outright say that the children of his mo, I mean the mothers of his children were low functioning, but she kind of like said it in a way that I didn't agree with it myself. But because we, I mean we don't know these women, but do you got, you got audio for that? Alright, let me hear it. I feel like I need this and this person has this, I'm gonna do and say whatever I need to do to get that. But but Nick again, law of attraction. Yeah. We track who we are despite of who we think we are.


You used the word you said women who are equally yolked to you. Yeah. Equally yolk comes in many different facets. A hundred Percent ballots. If Anything they, they have been equally yoked to your low functioning dysfunction that you have learned to survive in. Wow. Mm. It's interesting when Nick said he had a king complex too, because a king has the most value, but without a queen, that king is a lot less powerful. Like together you got the best chance of victory. Yeah. And when you got a person that's making 10, $20 million a year just off one goddamn song every holiday season show, you gotta sit your as down and figure out how to make that kingdom work. So Little Prince, little Prince, he wasn't King yet. He wasn't, You know, it Is what it is. I'm about that song.


Make Every Christmas crazy number, Lot of millions and millions. Millions. And it starts earlier and earlier every Year because this this year it started before Halloween. So Yeah. And It makes me wonder too, right, like when you in that situation, you not really looking at that person as a person. You're looking at them as, as what they bring to the table. You know, which Is like kind of sort of competition a little Bit. Yeah. You shouldn't be comparing what you do to what she do. You should just be saying, am I a good human? Is she a good human? We do this together raising good children. Right? Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? Like it shouldn't be about what y'all do. So it was clown complex. A little bit A little Is that what you called me? The Dr. Justice? That's, Yes. I think that's what that should be diagnosed as. But we do know Nick Cannon got 12 kids and including Baby End who passed away at five months with six different women.


Right? So yep, that's that Dreamville announcement. So 2025 Dreamville Festival will take place in Raleigh, North Carolina on April 5th and sixth. This will be the fifth annual Dream Field Dreamville Festival. And according to an announcement made by Dreamville, it will also be the last, oh, last year's Dream Field fest was where Jay Cole apologized to Kendrick for his seven minute drill disc. And now this year's he's saying it's gonna be the last one. I know I'm making the last one because of, because of what happened. I know, right? Is Kendrick making people question everything? Talking about it was probably a five year deal. He probably did a five year deal with Live Nation or whoever's putting on the con on the concert. And this is probably the last year.


So maybe they renegotiate. Yeah, They should be renegotiating. Maybe they're renegotiate. Maybe he doesn't wanna do it anymore, but I'm sure it's probably a five year deal. But it did say that there's been rumors that j Cole was retiring this anyway prior to this actually coming out and prior to the apology he was already talking about retiring. But people think that he's really retiring it now. I can't tell nobody how to do their business, but You know, it is very hard to build a successful festival. Like, You know, as many people have tried to do successful festivals over the last decade. Not all of them stand out. Dreamville is one of 'em that stands out and he brings a lot of money to a a, a city that, You know, probably needs that for the economy during that weekend. You know what I mean? What was, what's that? Fayetteville, right? Fayetteville, Yeah. Like, You know, to have that type of big ass festival in Fayetteville. Yeah. That's a, that's a big deal. A lot of people make a lot of money when he does when he does that weekend.


So I would, I mean, I don't know. I would, I would hope that he considered all of that before he decides to end it. Or Maybe he's, he's renegotiate. Maybe he's moving on to somebody else or he just might just say, You know what, I just don't wanna do it no more. And that's, that's his Nah he opinion as well. He, he retiring as a rapper. The, the festival too. 'cause it said fifth and final festival. He's retiring as a rapper but yeah he said he's retiring as a rapper. Who said that? That's what the, the producers just put it in the dock right here. He said that he is retiring as a rapper. Damn. Kendrick, you gotta take a break. Kendrick. You got Kendrick You got, hey he walking Squat. Simple ball. You gotta take Aling up. Nah, Kendrick be taking his five year break. Kendrick take a five year break so these brothers can feel comfortable. I don nigga can't wait Until He go back On another page. Oh my god. This is crazy.


He's done. And the festival, the festival was in Raleigh, not Fayetteville, He's from Fayetteville but the festival in Raleigh, Like Kendrick ain't never been this active. If he gonna be this active we gotta retire And Now we dropping the Kendrick instrumental in the back. Y'all's crazy y'all. Jesus Christ. But yeah, Ken Has up and throw the bike. Throw the fight. No more don't fight, fight no more. God I'm taking my basketball, I'm going home. I'm not playing, I'm not playing with y'all no more. Ah, alright. That was just with the mess. The mess. That's right. All, let's get to the People's Choice mix. Get your request in. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Salute Fat Joe for joining us today. Salute to Joe Crit act. Don man. One of the most entertaining storytellers in hip hop.


If, if not Dee most entertaining storyteller in hip hop. Absolutely. His album comes out this Friday, so make sure you check for Joey Crack. All right. And now when we come back we got the positive notes so don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now it's time to get up outta here man. You guys be safe out there this holiday season. They're saying there's a lot of pickpocket, there's a lot of scamming going along so just be careful with all your stuff 'cause people are trying to come up right now. Yeah. So just be Careful out there and it's just people out there grabbing ass. There's a lot of men out there grabbing other men's ass. So you think they pickpocketing, they just trying to get a cheap feel. So y'all need to look out for that as well. Did you get I did have you.


Don't make fun of a victim. Don't make fun of a victim. Somebody touched my ass the other day for no damn reason. Where at? Just walking To your car or something. Tell us What happened. Walks to the car. Tell us walking. I was walking to the car man cheeks. Thats what he said too. That's exactly what he yelled. See y'all think I'm joking? Yeah, there's a crew of people out there and that's what they yelling at some type of game. Like we used to say. A little friendly game of grab ass. They really doing it and they yelling cheeks while they do it. Really? Yeah. What did you do back? Huh? I was shocked. You said chill bitch. It's a TikTok trend. Y'all playing I and B. You like the sag too. Did be sad. I'm like, come on. I told you That story. What happened the other day?


What? Remember I called you? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You, That's what I'm saying. You better be careful out here. Yo, these young boys, different man. If there's anything that goes on in this city about tampering the butt, showman, nose, my folk Rick. He was like, yo bro Was Crazy though. That's right. I'm not, I'm not talking about that. But if anything has to do with tampering the butt, Charlemagne knows Man. Y'all, y'all, y'all. I'm just aware of some of the things that y'all not aware of. That's all. And I also want to tell y'all too, man, everybody in South Carolina. Orangeburg, South Carolina. Next Friday is it next Friday? Yes. December the 20th. We're having the grand opening of my crystal location in Orangeburg, South Carolina. You know my wife And I, we opened up a crystal in Orangeburg, South Carolina, 1486 Chestnut Street in Orangeburg.


We got the grand opening on December 20th. The ribbon cutting is gonna be at 10:45 AM I will be there. So I'll see y'all next Friday at Crystal in Orangeburg, South Carolina. Okay, that's the chicken. I mean we got chicken everyth, we got hamburgers, We got no, you giving away free Food, hot dogs. Of course. That's the I know that's right. Yes. You gonna open up one in New York? Well Victor Cruz is Victor. Oh he Victor Cruz is opening up one in Paton with Patterson. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Patterson, New Jersey. Yes. Alright, well You got a positive Note for us. I do. The positive note is simply this man, stop letting people take advantage of your good heart. Okay. Having a good heart doesn't mean you have to tolerate disrespect and manipulation. Know your worth and set boundaries while still showing kindness and compassion.


Have a great day. I love how I challenge him to give new positive notes. 'cause that was great. Thank you Jess. You're welcome. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the partition Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength and Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jollier. Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with a sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Artesian, get $50 off any cocktail maker at artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.