
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, a PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal Plus Sound System with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne is running a little late. And guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home day. It it's Wednesday. It is. Hump day is middle of the week. What up, Jess? What's up? Yo, your throat not set up like Charlemagne. Joe. You Oh, that. Ha ha ha. No, you, no, I'm just, that's, I Don't have that. Your throat not that deep. Yo. I, I I hear that. Can you say pause after that? Oh, My Pause now. Resume. Resume. Go ahead. How you feeling? You out in Atlanta? You have a couple of shows in Atlanta?


Absolutely. Shout out to 9 6 1. The beat you already know. Yep. I got shows out in Atlanta, in Atlanta Comedy theater tonight in Norcross. And then also we got two shows tomorrow. I will be doing meet and Greet after the second show tonight and after the second show tomorrow, guys. Yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited. Atlanta. It's cold down here. It's, Well, it's cold back in here in New York. I know, but I don't know why you expect it, it to be differently. Yeah. Like even, even when I was in Oakland, yo, it was like 30 degrees. Yeah. At night. I'm like, yo, why is it that cold all around The World right now? Yeah. No, it should be starting to warm up. We starting to see spring temperatures a little bit, which I'm excited about. Little bit. I'm loving it now. I know. I've been watching you And I know you're finishing your book. I finished my second book. Congratulations.


Real life Real family. Oh, Let me see. Yo, the cover is dope. Let See, I just, I just finished real life, real family, and it's all about raising kids. Look At the Casey. Yeah. It's all about raising our kids. The second book took a little longer. We actually did it with a therapist because we talking about raising, raising kids. That's six kids. Yeah, six kids. And we talked about the different things with, with, you know, giving the kids everything that they need. And every child is different. All their wants are different. And we just talk about the good, the bad, the ugly and everything we've been through and, and helpfully, this could raise somebody with kids or somebody thinking about having kids. So the book comes out in April, April 15th. And Nice. It's your chance to, to pre-order it. We just finished the audio book and it's, it's all about, you know, that's what's happen, how you should be as a unit, like I'm sure with your family, we talk about, you know, the most important thing is we are a unit.


We tell everybody we are a unit, we move together, we have each other's backs. Mom ain't there. You, you, you, you represent the family. When dad's not there, we represent the family. So we talk about that, and that's what's Up. How our, our, our family dynamic is. So do y'all, do y'all break down like how y'all each, each kid is different and how you rate raise each kid because you got six of them. Yeah, yeah. No, we talk about how raising, so that book Should look like an encyclopedia. Yeah. Because No, we, but not only that, you know, I, you know, people know. My dad is a retired police officer and ex-military, so being raised under him, it was his way or the highway. My wife was more patient where his, her parents actually spoke to them about why they said no. My parents was just like, no, get the FL. And I said, don't ask me why none of that.


And I know why. So that was my household too. Yeah. So that dynamic of mixing that with Gia and the patience and, and how it works out, it actually worked out a lot better because it's good the kids are, are more likely to talk to mom about everything, whether it's about sex, whether they're having problems, whether it is, and, and it's a great dynamic. Let's talk about That. It's a healthy balance between y'all. That's what's up. That's right. So the book comes out on the 15th. So pre-order it now pre-order the audio book. And we actually interviewed our kids as well. We had somebody interview 'em so they can, Hey, so it's, it's real like, well what do you think about mom? What do you think about dad? My 3-year-old goes, dad farts a lot. I'm like, great. Put that in the book. Yeah, great. Put that in The book. Put that in the book. Yes. Well, today on the show, David Banner will be joining us. David Banner, you know the rapper, David Banner, he's featuring the, the new family business, new Orleans available on BET plus, we gonna be kicking it with David Banner, activist, active musician and all that.


So let's get the show cracking. We got front page news, Morgan, what'll be joining us? Charlemagne to be here in a second. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now. X New York giant quarterback is signing with the Indianapolis Cols. He's signing a one year deal, $14 million contract, which is insane. Which is insane. Now Jesse, he ain't do nothing for the Giants. They ain't want to give Sequan that money, but somebody found money for 14. It's a lot of money. But come on to Morgan. Yo, you so disappointed. And he, Jess, Hilarious. Char, what's up Girl?


How y'all feeling this morning? Feeling good? Yeah. Emmy sound mad. Yeah, that's, yeah, Girl, they come to them giants. Yo, he be, he be But Hurt. There's no way he should be still getting that much money. It, it doesn't even make sense. But anyway, it's, It's no way You should still be a fan of the NFC East. I'm just saying. Maybe you stop the stress. I'm just kidding. Alright, y'all, so let's get into it. The house is passing a six month funding bill to prevent a government shutdown. The bill narrowly passed two 17 to two 13 on Tuesday. But with all all but one Republican supporting the six month stop measure, a stop gap, me measure House speaker Mike Johnson, who says the bill freezes funding and is responsible says that, you know, people need to do the responsible thing.


Let's hear more from house speaker Mike Johnson. As he says, the bill also falls on the Senate on the desk of Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, The Republicans stood, toge, stood, stood together, and we had one Democrat vote with us to do the right thing. And that is to fund the government. He must determine whether he wants to fund the government, do the responsible thing, or whether he wants to shut the government down. And on the other side of the Iowa House minority leader, Hakeem Jeffrey says, the funding bill will end up hurting Americans. Let's hear more from him. It is unacceptable. And that is why there was a strong showing of opposition amongst house Democrats. I don't understand why they can't find the financing for, for these operations.


This happens every other year or every year. And it seems like we never find the funding, and it's something that can't happen, the government can't shut down. So what is the, the real problem In a matter, it's probably in a, an, a matter of an agreement of on where those funds go. And you know, that, that type of thing. So a proposal now heads to the Senate where its fate remains uncertain. While Republicans do control a slight majority in the Senate, Kentucky's r Paul has made it clear that he's firmly against that bill. So hopefully a shutdown can be averted, but the deadline is Friday night. So we will keep you posted. Meanwhile, president Trump is telling business leaders that his tariffs have a, a tremendously positive impact on the economy.


He made the comments on Tuesday at a quarterly business meeting round table, which includes the heads of Apple, Walmart, gm, and JP Morgan Chase. In his remarks, Trump clarify claim that his recent tariffs against Canada, Mexico, and China will have, and they are having a positive impact. Let's listen to those comments from President Trump. The biggest win is not the tariff. That's a big win. That's a lot of money. But the biggest win is if they move into our country and produce jobs, that's a bigger win than the tariffs themselves. But the, the tariffs are gonna be throwing off a lot of money to this country. Yeah. Okay. So the remarks come as stock values continue to fall, the Dow Jones Industrial average lost as much as 17, oh, excuse me, 700 points on Tuesday before ending the trading day down 478 points prior to that, you guys, the, the market pretty much what?


Lost like nearly a thousand points. So, yeah. And speaking of which, the premier of Ontario, Canada, remember we spoke about him yesterday, imposing tariffs on electricity while he has decided to put a hold on his decision to impose tariffs on electricity and exports to the us. So yesterday he announced a 25% surcharge on electricity that it supplies to parts of Michigan, Minnesota, and New York. He said the suspension of the surcharge comes after US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick agreed to renewing trade talks. So he said he's, you know, people, the Trump administration is coming to the negotiating table and you know, he's been calling out President Trump saying, Hey, and apologizing also to the American people, you know, saying he doesn't wanna do this.


But you know, it is Trump's fault be in regards to these tariffs. So Ford added, we have both agreed to let cooler heads prevail. Of course, president Trump has announced a doubling of tariffs on can Canadian steel and aluminum in response to the electricity surcharge. So we will again see what happens as a result of that. And really quickly, if we got time, the Philadelphia Eagles will visit the President Trump at the White House to celebrate the Super Bowl when this after White House and uninvited the team in 2018 after their victory because of their protest of the national anthem. So owner Jeffrey Lori also reportedly criticized Trump at the time this year. Trump attended the Super Bowl ahead of the event and praised running back Taquan Barkley and quarterback Jalen Hertz.


So the, the Eagles are headed to the White House and we will see what that visit looks like. So that's your front news at seven 6:00 AM Ooh Lord, it's early today. I had an energy yesterday, not so much today. That's, that's your front page news at 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We will talk about, you know, misgendering in the on Capitol Hill and what that looks like. Oh my God. No. Like what? You Stupid Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Wake up, wake up, wake your as.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's This? Yo, it's Nando from Minnesota. Nando. What's up? Get it off your chest. What's up, envy? Hey Jess. I don't know it's Charlemagne N yet, but I got bone to pick with him. I'm here. I'm here sir. Pick my bone. Boss. So yesterday, lady from South Carolina called in And I know that's your area and everything, but you agreed with her that us in Minnesota and Michigan and New York deserved to get our energy shut off because the US needs like a power play shown to us.


And I just thought that was su I just thought that was super petty because Oh, whoa, whoa, I didn't agree with that. And, and we, we, we voted for Trump. We, we did not vote for Trump in Minnesota. We are a a blue state. We've been a blue state since the beginning of time. And also it's the middle of winter here in Minnesota. If our, if we don't have energy, there's some people who rely on energy for heat, rely on energy for medical equipment. And y'all know what happened to Texas when their power grid failed, how many people died? How many people had to go to the hospital?


So I just think that was real Peggy of you. I didn't Say that saying that. And that's exactly why we in the position we in now. I never said that the, the reason we're in the position that we're in now. Yes, You did, bro. I to y'all every day. Sir, Sir, sir, sir, when called in sir, Sir did he offered checks? She said we deserve to get her power shut off. She said her son live in Michigan. We don't care about him, sir, run the click back. You did Say it. No. What I, what I said was that's what he said he wanted to do. She said let him do it. Hello? And you agreed with her? No, I did not, not that was my point. Did you agreed with her? I didn't say nothing. Y'all, y'all, you should have brought awareness to the situation and, and, and, And I brought awareness to how dangerous the situation is.


Y'all, y'all keep wanting to end the war in Ukraine, but we about to have a war in our own country. You don't know what you're talking about Emini here. And, and, and respectfully because number one, once again, I bought up the fact that he said he wanted to cut off the power. She said let him do it. Now did I, did I push back? No, I let her talk. Now if you want to say that, but don't say I said y'all deserved it. I didn't say that. So Why you pushing it back with what I'm saying versus What? Because you lying on me. That's why, because you said I something. I didn't say Emini Here. I'm not. I I still, I still love y'all though. Breakfast Club the best. Y'all, y'all, y'all the best to ever Do it. Thank, thank you Nanda. Thank you.


You know you named after the chicken spot too. You are a clown. He Was getting it off his chest. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, have the same. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Good. How y'all doing? What's Up brother? Get it off your chest. Hey, good morning y'all. Listen to y'all every morning and before Trump became president, you had a lot of brothers calling in about a stimulus check, but they ain't calling me in no more.


I'm trying to figure out, you know, what's going on. We're calling about this stimulus check. Come on man. You laughing. No, no, you did. It is true. But you, I'm just laughing. It is true though. Well, I got a question for you. There's only two kind of brothers that have tried to request the president to get a four year term for a $1,000 check. That's a brother that don't get a check with a comment in it. But that's probably a brother getting government assistance. I, I forgot about my stimulus check. I don't know what I did with mine. You ain't cash it? I Don't even remember. You know what I'm saying? I got, I got a regular job. Okay. Ball. That was now for four years. Okay, ball. I'm Not gonna remember what I did with it. I hear you. Ball of baller. That's right.


Oh, ain't balling Charlotte, man. But that's what got us here. Brothers call like that got is where we at now. I got kids, I got a senator school. We ain't even get Republicans outta the House and Senate. So they still got gun legislation go be blocked. Where the blood from the sixties at? They stood up for something From the sixties. Oh. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know, they folks from Rights, they got a civil rights, equal rights. They got the schools integrated. We haven't did nothing since the seventies as black men for each other, but fight each other. We don't fight politics. We fight each other. Now That I agree with, We gonna get back to that, That I agree with. We will go, we'll go to war with, we'll go to war with each other, but be das how to everybody else.


But I appreciate y'all man. I appreciate y'all for keeping it real, keeping it motivated Detroit. What up though, Brian? And to what up though? I love y'all. What Up though? Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Yeah, this is, this is John. What's up John? Get up up your chest brother. Bro. This day, like 10 times or whatever it is, left me up. I woke up five minutes before I had to go out and teach my class. I was supposed to be at the house like 55 minutes ago. Oh, you said daylight saving time messed you up. Messed you Up. Yeah, man, I was like, Monday my alarm went off And I get to the school and no one's there. I'm like, oh yeah, I could, I go work out Wednesday, come alarms don't go off. Everyone at the gym.


What's your phone? You don't use the alarm clock on your phone? I do. It's that It don't change automatically To change. Sunday. Sunday was the time. And you, you, it should have been caught up with you brother. Are you talking about your body clock? I'm saying It, it went off on Monday, but it didn't go off until five minutes before the class was supposed to start, which was weird. Oh yeah. E either, either, either it didn't change on its own or your body clock is off. No. And the same thing happened to my mom on Monday. Okay. All Right. Well I don, I don you should be telling this to your, your the person that, that you was late for. Not Us. Oh, your phone provider. But sorry brother. Getting it off his chest. Have a good one. Get it off your chest. You wanna get something off your Chest before we continue? I do. I want talk to all the garbage truck drivers out there.


Speak to all the garbage truck drivers out there. I respect y'all and your service. Thank you for keeping the streets clean. But y'all gotta stop blocking the roads in the morning. Okay. I understand you all have a job to do, but all of us are trying to get to our respective jobs too. And all I keep thinking about is what if, what if I was an ambulance Okay? And had somebody in the back that was sick and dying and needed to get to the hospital. Did you see the picture I sent you this morning? I did see the picture this, listen, first of all, I'm going down one street. The garbage truck was blocking the street, but at least that garbage truck was giving people a a a room to pass. Right? I just don't have the type of car. You know what I'm saying? That can pass. Right? 'cause I got a 1919 or 2015 Cadillac Escalade. Okay. Which 700,000 miles on, so I couldn't drive past the garbage truck.


Right. But when I went to the next street, that garbage truck was disrespectful, right? Am I not lying how that garbage truck truck was parked? It was, it was. Describe how that garbage truck was parked. It was you. Well, you know the streets of parallel. Well, you could usually pass a street on a, you could pass a garbage truck on the right or left. It was parked in a way, I guess vertical where you couldn't park it. You couldn't it at angle. Any any angle you could drop No, in the middle of the street, you have to go on the sidewalk to get around it. You see what I'm saying? And when people blowing the horn, the garbage truck drivers is like doing they fists. Like they blowing the horn in the truck just taunting the people. Why? Y'all gotta be so disrespectful Now that that happens a lot in New York City. Come on. Garbage. They don't allow you To do it. And a lot of times they can just pull up just a little bit where we can get by. Just Think about the people. Let's think about others.


That's all I'm saying. Y'all are already on y'all job doing y'all job. The rest of us trying to get to our jobs. Just think about the, those long lines of people that y'all causing. That's all the slu To all's all the garbage truck drivers, sanitation workers out there. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about Lauren? Yes. Wendy Williams, guardian's attorney, Sabrina's attorneys came out and said Wendy is in lying in the media. Damn. That's what they said. We gonna talk about it. Wow. All right. We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming straight fish off man.


She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on good Lord, the latest with Lauren LaRosa. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the Latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. So we received a letter from Sabrina Morrisey, who is Wendy Williams conservator. She wrote a letter guardian from her attorneys. So there's an attorney named Andrew Selly Jr. Who sent over a letter and he outlined everything that they are alleging is inaccurate that has been in the media up until this point. They wrote this letter. He said, Wendy Lyon, he said that there has been a lot of inaccuracies and misleading untruths in the media.


So the, the court actually who sealed everything and told Sabrina she could not make comments on stuff, is allowing for certain things to be cleared up. And here's what they're clearing up. So when it comes to the guardianship, they say, or they allege that Sabrina as Wendy's guard, as Wendy's guardian, did not declare Wendy Williams to be legally incapacitated because no guardian has that power that happens by a a court. And that's not just for Wendy's case. That happens in every case like this. And specifically for Wendy's case, it, it was put in place by the Supreme Court of New York City. Now they say when it comes to Wendy's medical condition, the incapacity in that determination, the guardian also does not determine that, that according to them, this happens by doctors and medical professionals.


And they allege that in 2022 and 2023, Wendy was examined at two hospitals where they found frontal lobe tro atrophy. And they say it got worse according to these legal documents that they have in 2023 when she was diagnosed with a condition that causes progressive decline over time, which I'm, I'm assuming they're talking about the frontal dementia. Dementia that we've been having conversations about. Now on Wendy's living conditions, they say that Wendy is, you know, currently living under the care that was deemed appropriate by a court based on her diagnosis. And based on what medical professionals are saying, they point out that where Wendy resides right now is an assisted living facility with spa treatments, workout room 24 7, medical oversight, excellent food, a dining room outside terraces.


And that she's able to leave the facility and she has done so to shop for meals, for medical appointments. When now, when it comes to Wendy being able to see her family, this law firm says, or is alleging that Sabrina, the current conservator has never denied Wendy access to her family. They say that Wendy has never been kept away from her family. That whenever she wants to see them or call them, she's able to, they're also able to come and visit her in New York City. And that Wendy has been able to go and see family twice. Yo, but what's crazy is didn't you go there? Didn't you try to go there and it was kind of like a whole situation. Like you couldn't even get in there, go, you had to lie, say who you was and like, yeah, now you're asking the right Questions.


Damnit Yeah, that is what happened. That is what happened when I went there. And then on Wendy's money, they say Wendy's assets have been under professional management and are under court supervision. And anytime money moves. So anytime there's a disper disbursement of any sort, this is reviewed and approved by the court. They also make a point to mention that Wendy is not working and has no source of earned income. I don't know why that was put there, but they make it as a a point to say that as well too. I thought that was a little shady. And then on Sabrina as the Guardian, they wanna make it clear that Sabrina didn't ask for this job. It was given to her and it was given to her based on her amazing resume. She is a highly reputable, respected, and regarded conservator with an unblemished record according to the letter.


And she takes the directions from the court. So every move she makes is a direction from the court. And again, I just wanted to mention that up until this point, and up until Vanity Fair, Sabrina was not, she was always giving statements saying she could not respond because of how the guardianship was set up. But a court said, you know what, we need you, we need to clear up some things. So boom, this letter, You know, there's three sides to a story. In this case it's Wendy's side, it's the guardian side. And the truth and the truth will be revealed at some point. But I do have questions for Sabrina. One, you know, you know, you're suing Lifetime saying that Wendy wasn't in the right mind state to do that deal or due the show, but you were her guardian then. That's right. So why did you allow her to do it? You know, also, you say Wendy can come and go as she pleases, but you have her on a floor where she needs a key to leave the floor even to enjoy some of those amenities.


You just were talking about Laura, the Spy and, and the, and the, the restaurant tab. Yeah. She needs a key to even just leave the floor. And, and third, what Jess said, you know her, her, you said her family can visit whenever they want. Well, when we sent her, her, her goddaughter up there. That's right. Right. Hey, God, mommy, She wasn't able to see her. Not at all get in. But not only that, nobody's saying they want Wendy to run outta there right now. All we saying is let her go to the doctor, let her prove to herself the correct way. But y'all don't even give her that opportunity. She had to damn near beg, beg the police. She wrote A letter up. But no, please run. No, I I want her to run up there and run up outta there right now. Like, no, please. This is crazy. Yeah, she had to beg to leave just to get a doctor to see if she was right.


And she passed with flying colors. Right. And, And, and that's the, the right, that's the biggest untruth to me. And that's what I would want. What's that to ask Sabrina is the biggest untruth is they said Wendy was incapacitated. Yes. Well, she's clearly not. Yes. And so why are you as her guardian letting that story be out there? We're all, we're talking to her. Correct. And they, they do mention that The Guardian and the, well, the court has asked for another evaluation of Wendy. And I will say that I also reached out to the attorneys on the a e side, the Roberta Kaplan's team. And I asked them what's happening right now with that? And they say the same thing. They're just waiting on that evaluation to happen again. Because right now that even that lawsuit is on hold until everybody's waiting on this, this new evaluation. And I'm trying to figure out what Wendy did the other day at the hospital can be in place of that or not.


But I haven't gotten an answer to that. But I did talk to Hold one more thing, Lauren. Go ahead. That tell him that letter was sent when the Letter was sent March 6th. So before the events of yesterday? Yeah, the, Before the events of yesterday. We received this letter on March 6th. But yeah, so Wendy's side is saying that the Guardian is utilizing a judge as a scapegoat to conceal the reality of the Guardian to conceal the reality that the Guardian has the ability to suggest easing the restrictions to Envy's point on Mrs. Williams or to free Wendy from the most stringent guardianship that a competent individual has been subjected to as a guardian ignores the obvious. Wendy Williams is not incapacitated. So to the effect of what that is the obvious Right. You know? Yeah. It's just asking for things to be eased up a bit.


And that's, That's all I would ask. I would want to ask Sabrina, like the, you know, the biggest untruth that I've heard in this whole situation is Wendy was incapacitated. Yeah. But At, but she's not, but at the end of the day, so why is, as her, why is she as a guardian, letting that be out There? Wendy's asking, Hey, I'm not, let me test, let me go to a doctor. Let me prove it. And they won't even allow her to prove it. Well they're saying that's the craziest thing they're saying that's coming. Has one Talk to the cats yet. Oh.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Car Play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls. Join the searches. We explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to Hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Awards are coming back Monday, March 17th on Vox starring Bad Bunny Gorilla Kenny Chesney, Money Long Nelly, Your host iHeart Radio LL Cool J Are you guys ready to have some fun tonight? Plus, iHeart Innovator Award recipient, lady Gaga iHeart Icon Award recipient Mariah Carey And iHeart Breakthrough Award recipient Gracie Abrams Watch Live on Fox Monday, March 17th At eight seven Central. No, but it, And I haven't talked to the cats yet, but in Vanity Fair, Sabrina said that the cats actually were given to a home because Wendy didn't wanna split the cats up. 'cause Wendy could only have one cat in the spot that she was staying.


I Wanna in, in the Place. I forgot. Yeah. So you know, that's what their legend happened with the cats. But I haven't, you know what, Emini here, I didn't tap into the litter box. I haven't reached out to sources Clothes yet. I need you to get that. Got you. Okay. You got sauce at the litter box. We Figured things out over here, baby. That's what we do. We The Breakfast Club. You calling the litter box in Random. Another, another random observation. You looking real neo soul. Lauren, You see me? I'm touching this. I know that right on my skin. I am not my You was listening. He was listening to Ms. Stone on the way in. You look like you ready for the Cocoa Butter fest. And Jess, you look like you listening to Missy Misdemeanor Elliot on the way in. And I was not. I was not. I love you with short Hair though. I texted This morning saying yes hair. Thank you. I appreciate it.


Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then David Bannon will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ NB. Just hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Good morning y'all. So you heard the caller, you know, basically voicing his gripes about daylight savings time. So I just wanted to drop this in real quick. So most Americans, of course, they move their clocks forward for daylight savings time for hospitals. Did you know they see a significant increase in heart attack related visits following daylight savings time. So the exact reason isn't actually clear, but experts think it's the lost hour of sleep.


It plays a big role in disrupting the body's natural rhythm. So maybe try to catch a nap. You know, where you can throughout this week, if you can, to try to just regulate and reset that bio clock. So that's Some good, that's some good information. I never thought about that. Yeah. Yeah. Just try to get a little bit of extra sleep. Usually what they say is leading up to the day, try to, you know, get some extra sleep, get some extra rest in just to, you know, again, get yourself, your body used to that, that new clock. Switching gears. The first transgender person elected to Congress is being misgendered on Capitol Hill in a house meeting com. That happened on Tuesday. Delaware Democrat Sarah McBride was, was introduced by committee Chairman Keith Self as Mr. McBride.


He's following the law. He's following the law. There was an executive order. The president said that there's only two agendas. Morgan, he's following the law. He's, I'm just reporting on it. Look, McBride then responded to the Texas Republican by saying, thank you Madam Chair. So, you know, things got a little petty. Massachusetts Democrat. Bill Keating then came to the defense of McBride asking self to repeat his introduction. So let's take a listen to that exchange. Na, the representative from Delaware. Mr. McBride. Thank You Madam Chair, ranking member Keating also. Wonderful. Mr. Chairman, I'm, could you repeat your introduction again, please? Yes. It's a, it's a, we have set the standard on the floor of the house.


And I'm simply, What is that standard, Mr. Chairman, the standard. Would you repeat what you just said when you introduced a duly elected representative from the United States of America, please. I will. The representative from Delaware. Mr. McBride, Mr. Chairman, you are out of order. Mr. Chairman, how do you know decency Emini here? I, I've come to know you a little bit, but this is not decent. We Will continue this here. You will not continue it with me unless you introduce a duly elected representative. The right way. See, he'd being funny. Yeah. Say He did it again. How, how many he being funny. He wanted to hear him say Mr. McBride again. He being funny, man, he'd being funny.


Oh man. So self said he was following the standard of the house floor after Keating ass self. If he had any decency, as you heard in the audio, the chairman banged his gavel and quickly adjourned the meeting. So, you know, when stuff like this happens, y'all, we ain't getting anything accomplished. So that's not good. Hey, she gave it right back to him though. She called him mad. What'd she say? Madam? Madam chair. Madam Chair. That's madam chair. Yeah, But I wonder, right, for, for, for people who, who got fired from misgendering? People that didn't say that. Do they get their jobs back? Because it's an executive Order now? It's an executive order. I don't know what you want that man to do. The man is following the law. Like soon as that person would've said, yo, you outta order, I would've been like, no, it's actually an executive order. Mm. What are we supposed to do in this situation? See, nobody tells us what to do in these situations.


This's the thing though. How can they not like, get enlist in the Army? Remember he stopped him from like being in the army. But they can be in the, what is that? A Congress. Congress. Congress. Army, Congress. All right. How can they do that? But they can't, like, I don't get it. Oh, Be already elected. You know, you can't, you can't. You are elected by your constituents here elected. Oh, So this person been one of them. Yep. Sorry. Okay. Okay. Been by one of them. You mean a member of congress? Member of Congress? No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, well obviously. Yeah. But yeah. Okay. Because She been one of Both. They been, yeah, been both, Honestly. Yes. Okay, got it. Okay y'all. So moving forward, protests are ongoing. Calling for the release of former Columbia grad student and pro-Palestinian activist Mahmud Khalil, the Trump administration noted his arrest by ice over the weekend was first of many Khalil, a permanent resident with a green card helped organize an anti-Israel protest that started last swing last spring.


Or no, excuse me, spoke at that protest as well. Hundreds of people gathered at Manhattan's, Washington Square Park on Tuesday, listing their demands and speaking up for Khalil's rights. Now house speaker Mike Johnson, he also weighed in on Mahmud. Khalil Mahmud. Let's hear from house speaker Mike Johnson. If you're on a student visa, I'm gonna say this clearly. If you were on a student visa and you're in America and you're an aspiring young terrorist who wants to pre upon your Jewish classmates, you're going home. So again, Khalil was arrested over the weekend and is being held at a detention center in Louisiana. He hasn't been charged with an official, like he hasn't been charged with a crime, a deportation hearing is set for today. So according to federal law, though, you must see an a judge on, on and for an arraignment without necessary delay if you are in federal custody at a preliminary hearing and within 14 days, 21 days if you are not in custody.


So again, he is being held, he has not been charged with anything and he has this deportation hearing set for today. So again, we will continue to keep you posted as what happens there. And yeah, You know, you know, if you believe, like I said yesterday, if you believe in freedom of speech, if you believe in freedom of protest, you should be raising holy hell about that situation. I don't have to agree with what you're saying, but I can agree with your right to say it. And if he doesn't have the right to say it, then eventually none of us will have the right to say a lot of things. That's Right. There was a, a social media post I saw that. That was like, let's get this straight. That the president of United States has sent someone sent law enforcement to round up someone for speaking. Yeah, for speaking. That's crazy. That's it. Like just talking. That's crazy.


So yeah. All right y'all, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Have a great day. You too. Now, And I just want to add this too. All my flyers out there, people that fly Southwest Airlines salute to Tesla and Firo, that's her favorite airlines Southwest Airline known for its bags, fly free policy. It's making some changes. So starting May 28th, you'll now have to pay for your bags. All right. So I just wanna put that out there. You know, anybody that flies Southwest, you fly Southwest, Jess Morgan Charmy? It depends. It depends. It depends. I fly there sometimes.


'cause they, they famous for getting you there when you need to be there when you don't want no layover. So Yeah. I I was gonna say they are, they, I I like Southwest. I feel like they've been low key under the radar. Like the, one of the best airlines, like low key. They're not about to be though when everybody gotta pay for they bags. We might as well go to Delta all the time. But they were also talking about, you know, ending their, or starting assigned seating as well with that too. So I will say in, see in September, CEO Bob Jordan said that having no bag fees was a huge consumer advantage that they had. So, yeah. Well they also, yeah, like I said, they're also set to end open seating at the first half of 2026. But it's so funny because Amtrak actually po poked fun at Southwest yesterday saying guess what?


We're the only ones doing free baggage now. And I think that this is gonna be a shift in the way that we travel. You know, people will probably start taking buses and trains. No, No they're not. No, you don't think so. They Switch Airlines, but nobody gonna switch for transportation like that. Think so they'll go to Frontier Emini here. Even considering the fact that, you know, these airlines and these Aviation Act accidents have been happening. I Gotta get through where I'm going fast. Yeah. And, and, and it's not, the accidents aren't happening like that. It's not commercial airlines falling off the sky like that. Now cut it out. Yep. Okay. All right. Well, you know, just To get on a bus, I don On bus. That's, I On the bus. I ain't about to travel two days to get to Cali. Four days Know Cali is different. But you know, coming to New York, you know someone like me, I'm not, I might not get on a plane to New York.


I might opt to keep The train. The train. Yeah. I I've done that before. I've taken the trains. I ain't get On bus to DC You said I ain't, I ain't riding the bus Though. Alright, well alright though. Thank you Morgan. When we come back, David Bannon will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club just as out on LaRosa filling in and we got a special guest in the building, Man. David Banner, how you feeling brother? I'm feeling So good. Good to see you brother. And I'm floating Up floating. I like to hear that man. What's been going on brother man So much. First of all, I wanna say thank you to you all.


There's a lot of amazing things. There are a lot of things that are changing in my life. I'm making a whole lot of money doing That. That's a great deal. No, it's different now. I couldn't even lie to you though. You know what I'm talking about? I just shook your pockets down. You know what I'm talking about Man. 400,000 fell out. This man pocket man here. All that's just changed. That's just changed. No man. But, but, but the thing is, man, I, I wanted to thank y'all because a lot of times we invest our time and you all have built a certain crowd and a certain rapport with people. So for you all to give me the opportunity to grow and turn into this thing, because, you know, this is sort of sad, but Prince died, you know, as, as much as that hurts me, it did open up the opportunity for me to be the sexiest on this planet.


And it has happened. And The Breakfast Club has allowed me to slide into that place. Don't you start wearing the mask. Igs now you start. Now was this the Energy homegirl fault on that NAACP red carpet? That was the sexy ever yo Energy. Yo, you tell us Lauren. I'm Emini here. Lemme tell you something about that. I I I do wanna clear this up though, is that people think that I'm joking about my admiration for black women. Mm. I'm dead serious. And what some people are uncomfortable with, they're not used to a black man giving admiration. And I don't want anything from you just because I think that you're beautiful. Just because I speak about, you know, how I feel about the black woman in general. I don't want anything from you but to let you know how I feel.


And sometimes we don't believe in ourselves and it's hard to really think that there is a man that really, really feels that way without it having some type of game connected to it. 'cause bro, I'll say this and nobody ever noticed this since I've been in college, SGA president at Southern University, I've consistently, for the most part outside of my actual art, been the same man. Mm. Consistently. I have never sold our people out. I've never done anything flawed. And it's like when we do something, they, they either try to make a joke of it or, or, or poke, you know, when, when they, when I came out and say I'm ready to be married, you know, people found a way to poke at that. I thought you said, you know, not having any diseases, not whooping on nobody ing nobody not having 4,000 kids.


I thought that was amazing and awesome, you know, so for for me, I am again grateful. Go ahead. You talked about it because I did see people getting on you about this. Why, why now at the age of 50, do you think you ready to settle down? Alright, peep this now. So people talk about love languages, right? I told a young lady this and it, it, it shocked her. I said, what are your, what are your main love languages? What do you see and want out of a man? She said, I want him to be successful And I want him to spend time how? I'm a activist, a top tier producer, a top tier rapper, actor. I do more than most people do in their one career in my five or four or five careers.


If you want me to be successful winning the do I have time people ever know, people didn't notice my 10 year run. Think about this dude. When I wasn't putting out like a pimp, I was producing Wayne or Chris Brown or Maroon five or Quincy Jones. Quincy Jones. I did that. Okay. Yes. Okay. Me and Warren Campbell. Yep. Yep. Or I was acting people forget Black Snake moan. It's funny, they think that I'm just starting this. I've been, I done 38 films or television shows, right? One of the top people on the speaking circuit. Right? When do I have time? So then if I were to get a wife, she'll be at home, I would be an absent provider and then people would talk about I didn't raise my kids or didn't have time with my wife.


We have to choose what it is we wanna do. But usually if you want something that bad, you have to sacrifice that other thing that you want it the most. But the cool thing is, when I do find her, she don't have to want, my kids won't have to. I'll be able to go to they football games. I'll be able to take years out to make sure that they all right. So I just hate what people say. 'cause I love black folks so much And I can't act like it Don't bother me envy it does, you know. But why I Was gonna ask you, did the marriage conversation bother you? Because it's kind of backwards for people to be upset that 50. Yeah. Does It bother You when you're accomplishing and you can devote that time? They're like, bro, so you done ran through like they made it almost like a, they made it not almost, they made it a negative thing for you. They to say, I'm ready now because I can devote the time and energy.


How did that make you feel Though? And I'm doing superhero movies. Like, how you gonna be out here? You 50, you 50, you 50. Y'all know that Don't work with my job, you with my money? Why are you doing that? Because I look sweetheart, do me a favor. I know you're used to gazing immortals close eyes on open them about the closest you're gonna get to God. Mm. Okay. That happened. Yep. So inside I'm feeling the carpet vibe. I get it. No, It's not a, it doesn't stop baby. Wait, Do you feel like the pushback came mostly from women or men on the marriage competition from, I never heard anything from men. I'm, I, I actually have to say that something happened recently that I don't wanna talk about. And black men stood up for me.


They really, really stood up for me. Like my family called me and said, man, go look in the comments, bro. Like black men are saying like, he the, he the one that always stands up. He was the one that was at Katrina. He was the one that when this happened and that, why are we doing this to him? You know? And what I'll say about the black woman is that my resurgent is because of the black woman and their love and admiration for me. And usually it's just one person. See, we don't read the comments. T Payne taught me this. Like, and that's somebody that I have love and admiration for. He is one of the premier people in our culture. Absolutely. And we should treat him betterly. I just wanna say that, shout out to Ali Sadique too. One of my favorite comedians on end.


The whole wide planet, bro. That's my homie. That we should just make sure that we, we, we do better with treating each other, you know, and respecting each other. And a black woman has done that for me, it's just a lot of loud negative voices. It's one or two people. And what I will say is black women will tell somebody ass up about their David Banner And I just have to find a way to group those people together. And I've started a company called a Banner vision. My movie company. We're about to do sci-fi movies and I'm really, really excited about it. And it's funny because I want to do a movie that's similar to Love Jones and the people, people would say, David Banner, I thought you were doing sci-fi. I said, well, isn't black love in the media right now?


Science fiction? Because the damn show don't see it. That's my wife's favorite movie. You know, love Jones and Color Purple. And I really want to do it with Jill Scott. Woo. 'cause like I want a different body type. I want a different type of sexy. Jill Scott is sexy, beautiful in a way that beautiful. Oh my God. Just like she's all aura. She from Philly, but she got that Mississippi. Oh. And you know, just on, just on the low. I don't know. I, I should see if she want me to talk about it too late. I'm actually helping her with her album right now. Well, that's all I can say right now. Well, that's dope. Jill Scott. And it has been one of the most eye-opening. 'cause I only really produce, you know what I'm saying? People that I love or care for, or like young artists that I really believe in.


Music has taken a lot away from my spirit. So why good or bad? It's the business of it. And, and because we have gone in the streaming, it's forcing the more talented people out. Because as a businessman, it don't make no sense for me to spend all the money that I spend. Most people don't spend money on music. Watch this. They have taken away American society and we have allowed them to do this. Have taken away any hustle that we can do in becoming a millionaire or a billionaire in a Lifetime. Me, me and Dubal talk about that all the time, especially when you're black Music. They tried to take away movies, but they were still making a lot of money off of that. So they didn't, because think about this as much as they, they, they went to war about movies.


They had just done the same thing to music. They had just taken all of the money. They take it, they took the foundation, they put AI on top of it. They were trying to do the same thing to music. Emini here, movies and white folks are like, nah, we still making a lot of money. Y'all can't do that to us yet. Dope. And I'm not saying to sell dope, but anything that we could do to make money and catch up with them, they have taken it away from us and we run right behind them and let 'em do it every time. Family business New Orleans is on BT Plus, it's very important for you to watch. My name is David Vanner. Alright, we got more with David Bannon when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. L LaRosa is here as well.


We're still kicking it with David. Banner Charlamagne. I saw you in the interview. You said Black people don't take care of our OGs. So you don't want to be a OG in the black community. Yeah, because we don't take care of our elders. We don't take care of our leaders. Yeah. I tend to agree with you, my brother. Yeah, it's well, but You can't help it. If you an og you gonna be that regardless. I'm gonna say I saw that And I said, well, what else you gonna be? 'cause you, you there for a lot Of people. Well, the thing is, is that it's cool, but I'm telling you that I don't want it. So you can get that energy to somebody else. Don't gimme my flowers. I can't spend it. Eat flowers. I want your money and your attention. I want the same thing. You give white people. Dang. Gimme your money and attention. If you're not giving me that, I'm not an og. I said this in that same interview. I was debating one time and I said, do you all do black people think I'm the antithesis of Trump?


And they said, yes. I do the opposite. Right. Okay, well then that means I should have as much money from the black community as Trump gets from the white community if you love me that way. But we, we say one thing and do the do the do the other. Oh, we want positive music. But you don't pay for positive music. Oh, we want a leader. But you don't take care of your leaders in that same clip. It was crazy. I don't know if you saw this. It went sort of viral. They put that part where they said, I don't want to be an og. I don wanna be an og 'cause you don't take care of your eldest. Then they cut to, I believe Malcolm X's daughter. And somebody asked her, do you think that the black community took care of your family? And she said, I don't believe so. So why would I want to be, so why would I kids want to be a king when we allowed the other one to get killed?


Kids don't. That's one of the reasons why I'm so fly. That's one of the reasons why I went and you know, I'm, I'm whipping the Ferrari and I'm, I'm whipping the Lamborghinis on purpose. Because when kids usually see somebody conscious, they broke. Why we don't have to, we give everybody else our disposable money. Even if every black person gave I this was, this is something I'm gonna try. Me and you, we gonna talk about this. Think about how powerful this show is. Right? And I say, here go my cash app. My name is David Banner. I wanna shoot a $7 million movie. Let's raise the money right now on The Breakfast Club right now. Here go my cash app. I ain't gotta go through nobody else. I'm going to the people. That's true power. But are we willing to really do that?


Because most of it comes from self hate. I don't believe that. I'm so, how dare David Banner call himself a god? Mm. How, how dare David Banner look. That good that, you know what I'm saying? My wife and my daughter and all the women around me really want to have as much sex with him as they possibly can. But I don't know if it's possible The way you just looked at me. I was like, what is happening right now? You sweating man, here. I'm not sweating. I just, it was the intentional, the intentional look. It was a piercing look. I'm like, you stuttering. You know what you're doing, you're stuttering. Wait. But but doesn't that feel, but doesn't that feel good though? Seriously? Yeah. It's very intentional thinking about it. Hundred Percent. It's, it's intentional. And what I, what I would want to do, Maybe I am sweating. I you all Sweat.


Just ta just pat You. I think I'm glowing, but that's a whole nother conversation. Okay. Do you feel like your love and commitment to the black community affects your, your mental health? Hell Yeah. Affects my money, affects my relationships. I fell in love once with a woman that wasn't a hundred percent black, but she didn't look black. Dr. Huma would not have approved. And, But I'm not that, that part I don't worry about because we live our lives for other people. Only thing I give a fuck about is being happy. You know what I'm saying? We live our lives for outside people. And to be honest with you, I probably should have stayed with her. I would've been a lot happier, but I cared too much about the perception of what my people thought.


And I shouldn't have done that. I should have just did what was best for me. You know, I, I want to talk, you talk about therapy. You know, I, I love therapy. I, you know, I love just being on a journey of healing. And I saw you say you had to overcome some mental health issues and physically you've always pretty much kept yourself together. What made you realize you had to get it together mentally and emotionally? Bro, this last time I went through it, dog, it was the first time in my life that I thought that I may not come out of it. Mm. I've been through a lot. Dog people. These kids say they want to be famous, but imagine coming from the streets and where we from. We don't allow people in. Y'all know this. I didn't smile the first two years of my career. The Mississippi, the album days, we don't smile where we from.


What led you to therapy? My mentor David Moody, he owns one of the most successful black construction companies in the United States. And I had a mentor who was actually a woman. And she came to me one day and she was like, I can't do nothing with you no more. And I was like, what? She said, you need a black man in your life. And so this, right after my dad died, she introduced me to Mr. Moody. And then Mr. Moody became my mentor and he was really open to me. And it's funny, I was talking to my publicity team and this is something that I want to say and y'all tell me if it's the same with y'all. I didn't talk to my homeboys about that was going on with me. Like, I just recently had a conversation with my friends about anxiety. I'm like, dude, I've been in the streets.


Tough, tough. Why the am I having anxiety about that's not life threatening. Been dealing with it my whole life. It made me feel soft. I'm like, what the am I tripping for? I was on a really big show recently and had a anxiety attack me dog. I'm like, what show? Izer. Uhuh. I can't tell you. They gonna be looking for, they gonna be looking for. No, but I had a straight out anxiety attack. But then I realized how important it was for me to have a better team because I was doing too much, bro. I was doing the accounting, handling the guns, dealing with folks in the streets. And you know, I'm always talking to people. I had to get a better, huh? I'm not supposed to say guns.


Oh, I got guns. I'm all my guns illegal. They registered once. You don't need to handle the guns. Yeah. Anyway, but I was just shooting, I was just training over. Yeah. Anyway, but, but what I was saying was, is that I, you know, And I wasn't talking to my friends and Mr. Moody said, they not your friends if you can't talk to 'em. Mm. Because in the streets in Jackson, you don't trust nobody. I don't care who it is. So I had always been taught to not talk about it and just hold it all in. And y'all, this is very personal. My cortisol levels was so high that it was eating my body up. Mm. Like that's how stressed, stressed I was, man. And it was killing me. And so Mr. Moody said, just talk to your friend.


And I called up my five tightest homeboys. And it was crazy 'cause it was like they were waiting on me to talk. I was like my toughest homeboy, one of my toughest homeboys, he from Tulsa, Oklahoma. I called him. I was like a B bro. Have you ever had an anxiety attack? He was like, hell. And like, now we talk and it's crazy 'cause everybody trip, I be on the phone with my homeboy. I love you dog. I love you with all my heart, bro. I'm gonna talk to you later. 'cause we don't know if they gonna live. You know what I'm saying, bro? So I had to do it, man. And because I'm, you know, I outwardly tougher than most people. I can say stuff to these children that most people are scared to say. Like, I can say I had an anxiety type that won't stop me from choking you. You know what I'm saying? That won't stop me from putting these legal firearms, firearms.


But no man, I, I'm grateful to God though. 'cause think about it, that now draws us closer. So for me to stand up as a man and say, yeah, y'all, I, I, I'm all of these things, but I'm also not perfect. I don't know if y'all saw that clip. That clip went super viral. This young lady asked, she said, David Banner, you got it so together. And I stopped. I said, no baby, no I don't. I'm erect. Yeah. She was like, no. She couldn't believe it. She was like, no. I was like, yeah baby. And I'm only telling you that I'm a wreck. So that whenever you become a wreck, you know that you can still get up, put on some clothes and keep it moving every day. When y'all see me vibrating, when y'all see me talking this, it's because I am healed And I'm gonna do everything that I possibly can to be a consummate example of what a man looks like in America.


And I hope that I make y'all proud. Alright, we got more with David Bannon when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with David Banner, actor, rapper, and activist. All right. Charlamagne, I wanna ask you one more question before you go. Okay. What's more treacherous? The music industry? Hollywood or the streets? I think it's definitely not the streets. I think the streets, you know what it is. It's, it's clear. And that's what I, I tell people this all the time. My preference is, is Mississippi white people and they say, why if a Mississippi white person loves you, they would die for you. A Mississippi white person doesn't like you.


They'll try to kill you. Mm. Unlike you living up here next to a white person and working with 'em every day and they smiling in your face and then it's time for you to retire. Your pension gone the industry and they've been smiling in your face all the time. At least I know what it is. I, and, and it's so funny, man, I I I fell into believing that this con, this construct that we call the music industry and the movie industry, that it's any different. It's no different. It's, it's oppressive. It's built for you to fail. And that's one of the reasons why like a lot of people get mad at me. 'cause as a producer, think about it. I probably lost 20, 30 million. I'm one of the top producers And I never put out a artist. And the reason why I never put out artists is 'cause I care about human beings.


And I know the game is about throwing 35 people lives on the wall and seeing what this And you have to become callous. That's right. In order to do that. That's the reason why hustlers do so, so good in, in the music industry because they've done so much on the streets that they've already become callous. So being callous in this easy, you know what I had to do out in front of my grandma house? I had to serve my uncle. And you think I give a about this music that's easy. I care about people. If I with you Emini here it, one of your friends And I whisper in your ear and tell you who it is. I had to tell him, you might have to rethink our friendship. 'cause I'm serious. If I say I you Emini here it, so if you come in town, it ain't that.


You gotta check in with me. But I wanna see my friend. I'm excited. I really think we homies. I don't throw that shit around, bro. So for, for, for me, I'll say at least you know what the streets are. It it, it, it it is what it is. You know what it is. It ain't personal. Let's keep it moving. What I do like about the movies is that usually as an actor, if I step on, set my check there and so it is what it is. I might not get much on the back end until I'm able to nego negotiate at that level. But I know this amount of money I can run with this money and I'm gone. It ain't personal. You know what I'm saying? But what I will say is that I plan on being one of the best actors who ever touched the screen.


I'm very serious about black art. I really think, you know, as much as I love music, if people can't see it, people don't understand. One of the reasons why the West Coast popped off the way that they did is because they had hour, a hour and a half long video to go with the music. When Snoop and them came out, Dre and them came out. What else did they have? Menace to Society Boys in the Hood. So like they had all of that. And we really didn't believe that it was that until we saw the movies and then we had the music. Oh, for real. Because people could say what they want to. They wasn't smoking like that till Snoop came out. Till we saw it on the screen. We was like, yo. And if you think about the south, we still haven't had that one movie.


Nope. That properly depicts the south. Nope. If you really think about the south. Right. And I always tell, I tell people this, they, they, they use us for cheap labor. 'cause we still don't have our Will Smith. We still don't have our Queen Latifah. We're very close to it. We still don't have our ice cube yet. And as much as we talk stuff until we can cut a check from where we stand, then it's still New York and la. So like for me, that's what I wanna do. I wanna cut a check. I don't wanna beg for DEII wanna give you the job. And we ain't gotta worry about them. 'cause even in the strike, y'all, And I know they don't want me to talk about this, but how, how dare someone try to take away your whole livelihood, take away your likeness, show you that they want to cut everything, every tie that you have to sustainable, lifelong generational wealth.


They're gonna cut that away from you. And then because they give you some scraps, now we okay. Like when Tim and Ernestine boycotted Houston in Atlanta, I still ain't been there. I still am not going back. Once somebody show me what they really, really mean and how they feel about me, I ain't never going back you for life forever until you show me in your efforts over time that you have changed. So for me, y'all like, when do we start identifying? And this is one thing that I wanna say about the kids. This is what I love about the young revolutionaries. They don't talk about the man, the man no Edward Jenkins who lives at 1 56 solid street and Werk said, yeah, let's go get that mother.


Let's talk about this board member. Let's specifically go to his house. That's revolutionary. That's that we should do family business. Let's get Ben outta here. We gonna say something about family business. I've seen it. It was you're good, you're great in it. Oh yeah. Lela Rashan as like, I love her. Love the dynamic. But I wanted, because when I watched that, And I know before you've talked about loving acting so much that it almost made you leave music. You are not thinking about doing that again. Right? I just stepped away from music. I, I'm almost to the point financially, I'm very close. I wanna get back to making music. Like when we made it in high school, I can put out music and it don't really matter. Alright. I can, I could just do it from a very pure place.


I spend a lot, I still mix and master. I still pay artists. I still pay the bass players. So like, music is expensive to make and black people give they money to tech company. They don't give it to the artists. That's so stupid to me. People who don't even care about music. But like, to be honest with you, bro, every time I go back to music is when I get depressed. Wow. I start feeling that way again And I feel less free. So I said this in the interview. If God is constantly saying, son, every time you go over there you get hurt. Why? In the keep going over there. So like you, you know, bro, like the Guy Box two is probably my best album. Even better than the first one. So many people jumped on Griselda, bro.


They whole click jumped on the album for me, bro. Shoot bro. Like you name it, they own it. Tip two chains. Just everybody came through for me. Raheem. But I just feel like, man, like with, with the, with the movies like I told you on the west coast, I can show people how I want them to think. I wanna lead this interview with saying this. I think that black people look at freedom the same way they look at death. Death may be better. We don't know. But the fact that we don't know, we don't wanna try it out. So it's the same thing with freedom. Until they know what freedom looks like, we gotta show them what, what it looks like. Think about our iPhone. If you look at Star Trek besides teleportation, all that we can do on our iPhone now.


Yeah, there, that's what sci-fi is. It's preparing us for a future. I said this man, it was a young black girl who came in crying uncontrollably. Her dad say, what's wrong? Why are you crying? She said, daddy, are they gonna be any, any black folks in the future? He said, why? She said, 'cause I was watching the Jetsons And I didn't see any. So as much as we put out good music, if people don't know what that looks like, it don't matter. A banner vision. I love y'all. I appreciate it. Make sure that y'all go and and stream and look at family business. You can look at all the episodes like we like to do. That's right. Even though y'all, we need y'all to watch it every week so we can have those elongated stats that we need.


Because if you look at it in one, one sitting, then we are only gonna get that credit for that day or for that week. But what I'll tell you is like put on family business when you family business, new Orleans, when you cleaning up and just let it stream all day when you you're cooking. Just do that for me when you're cooking, even if you don't watch it. 'cause I'll be honest with y'all, I, there's some black movies that come out. I'll pay for the ticket and then go watch Avengers. I sneak an Avengers like, like I did back in the day. I'm just being honest with you. I'm gonna get my brain between This and the guns you carrying in the club. You gotta stop telling on yourself. I lie. No, I'm telling them what I want them to do. If they gonna pay for a banner vision and then they go watch something else, we that up. Gimme the bread. What'd I say? Gimme the bread of your attention.


David Banner ladies fight Night too. Check the banner out on Fight Night. Fight Night. Yeah. Peacock. So that, that's right. And an equalizer with Queen S. Right. I'm on that. Hey y'all. But seriously y'all. Thank y'all. Thank you. Appreciate Y


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling. I immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls. Join the searches. We explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to Hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Awards are coming back Monday, March 17th on Fox starring Bad Bunny Gorilla Kenny Chesney, Money Long Nelly, your host iHeartRadio LL Cool J. Are you guys ready to have some fun tonight? Plus, iHeart Innovator Award recipient, lady Gaga IHeart Icon Award recipient Mariah Carey And iHeart Breakthrough Award recipient Gracie Abrams watch Live on Fox Monday, March 17th at Eight seven Central. We Love y'all and it was an honor to meet you. It was nice to meet you too. I would've flirted with you a little bit more, but I don't want people to think that I'm just the who one. You're fine. He Needs his jacket back too. Emini here. No, I don't. I want you to smell Business. I'm sorry.


Oh, I do. I It's there. It's The Breakfast Club. It's David Baw. We'll let them do anything later. Yeah. Air his chest Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fan. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, well She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on the Lord the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. So there was just an award that happened to Avon Bell's cousin Avon Bell is ex Michigan tailback.


He's also used to play for the Pittsburgh Steelers. His cousin had filed suit alleging that he had raped her for years and she was just awarded $25 million by default in that case. Mm. Now Why he didn't answer the the case. Yeah. So that is exactly what happened. So this was, this has been going on for some months, but Levion said that he just found out about this. Let's take a listen to Levion talking about why the default judgment happened. Fast forward to 2022, right in the getting moved or whatever. I'm like, Hey look Jada, I know you, you know what I'm saying? I usually show you some money and throw you some money, but I can't do it this month. I can't throw you no extra money this month. When I said that, she instantly went in the text message, oh you can't pay me.


Oh okay we gonna see who the bad guy is. I said, Jay, what the hell you talking about? We gonna see who the bad guy is then we gonna see. Fast forward to we are here today. No worked out. Oh damn bail. This his cousin. Alright bro. You know when that was Chad, she ended up getting evicted. 'cause I didn't pay her. I I was paying her for everything. Oh. Then I hit her with the, alright this week, this this month I can't do it. Oh, I have seven kids and six PMs bro. Do y'all think Lady on Bell, me, myself, do I need to force myself upon a woman? And men too, by the way. It's like I I, if I wanted to go be with a man, I can be with a man. I'm not saying I do, but I'm saying what I did, I could. Now he was on a live stream responding to this.


After the PE people started picking up the rule, the $25 million ruling that actually came out like two weeks ago. But it's just getting picked up in the media. So he got on live stream and responded yesterday. Now that was the background of like how their fallout happened. But he does talk specifically about how he was, how they missed this. 'cause this is a huge thing to be missed 'cause you normally served and all of that. Before We move on, why did he start talking about sleeping with men at the end? Like what was that about? That's all You heard. I'm just asking like, what was that about? Be Emini here. There were, I think he was trying to address, you know, different allegations that people were throwing at him. But I don't think he had to if he didn't want to got, okay. But yeah, so let's take a listen to Avon on the, the rape case. Jada Bell is my cousin y'all, but I just found out this was brewing up maybe about two days ago.


Suing you for you know, sexual assault and this, that and third. I said, what she said you been ing her and this that and third, the same cousin that was at all my football games. The same cousin that was like in Miami with me. Like when I was living there following my tail everywhere when I went to the Jets wanted to always come to the games. I was the cousin who was making all this money. Her brothers, her dad all jealous, all envious of me the whole time I was trying to take people to the top who did not even want to see me at the top. I say, Martha say this bro, stop. Believe me the she got rewarded $25 million strictly because behind closed doors somebody faked a little signature or some and went to the courts.


So this is happening in 20 20, 23 and 2024. And I didn't even know, I think it's crazy that people care more about the court of public opinions than they do the court of law. Because if you get hit with something like that, with such serious accusations and you, it's a default judgment where you owe $25 million, why you running to the internet? I'm not getting on a stream like Why I'm not, I'm sure he was trying to save his name, but save who that'll probably get overturned if he could prove that he's never gotten served or that the fact that it's not his signature, it'll get overturned. Same thing happened with Trey songs. Remember Trey songs got that, that judgment and he had that overturned as well. So Avon's attorney has already come out and said that, you know, they adamantly denied this as they have been doing and that he was never, that Levion was never served with a civil complaint.


He says that bail wasn't even living in Ohio at the time that he was reportedly served. Yeah. So they have submitted or they're in the process of submitting a motion to reverse the default judgment. Yeah, That'd, that'd be a default judgment that that'd be reversed. Yeah. 'cause there was a trial by jury but he wasn't there because he's saying he didn't know about it until like two days ago. I understand. I still think it's wild to rent to the internet and do a scream after being faced with those kind of accusations and having a default judgment for $25 million. Only person I'm talking to is my lawyer. Yeah. He might have other sponsor. Nobody might like be scared to get on the phone. Might deals that he just want to clear it up and be like, lie, that ain't me. This is what happened. So people will know because you know, if he had a sponsorship or endorsers, Don't think Emini here. I could be wrong man. I don quick to pull leave on ballet. Been in the league in a while, right? Nah, but but I saw reports that he's making money because he's doing the boxing thing.


He's streaming like I think he's making money other places and didn't he he retired with some good money, right? I'm Sure. Yeah. I just don't understand. Yeah, I don care about the court of law more than the court of public opinion, but that's just me. Well, moving right along to responding to things on the internet. Clarissa Shields sat down with Kiki Palmer for a baby. This is Kiki Palmer And I'm sure that was nice. He is Crazy. Yo Jess, you saw it. Yeah. Kiki is wild for that. Kiki, they had a a, a big conversation about a lot of things, but she did ask about Remy Ma, let's take a listen Now when are you knocking Remy ma out? Kiki? Yo. No, I had to bring that up. The internet Is not a real place. Kiki, listen, I woke up that morning just as shocked as everybody else.


I wanna promote the movie. What is that Real? How is it Handling and dealing with all that new and Not, not really new, but just even more popularity. Yeah. I have to tell myself like, this comes with the territory. Yeah. You talking about being Beyonce baby girl and you're in boxing. Beyonce get way more stuff than this. You know? So I think it's, it is not about the problem. It's how you handle the problem. And I think I handled it very well and, you know, everything trends for a minute and then it goes away. I think what Kiki needs to remember in this situation is she is not a boxer who holds all four major world titles and three weight classes. Okay. She's not the first woman to become undisputed heavyweight champion. Nah.


Okay. So when you say things like that about Remy Ma, you, Remy ma might press you. Well, not only that, as of last August, first Remy MA's off of probation. Oh God. Hmm. Well they I'm just, I'm just, I I like Kiki, you know what I'm saying? I just, I'm just telling you that, you know, Remy gonna ask you about that when she see it. Yeah. I, That's all I'm saying. Absolutely. And I I, when I saw it, I was like, it was a great conversation And I love Kiki. That's my girl. But I was like, dang, Remy don't play by the same rules. Remy going talk, Remy's going to ask her about that when she sees It. Wait, no, it's gonna start. Are you dumb? And that's how, that's where it's gonna start possible. Yeah. That's what's going. Are you dumb? And then it's going, you know, Larissa handled it well though. She said she's being Beyonce. She got her man. So great Question though. Of course. And, and It was a great Question.


Any of us would've asked it. Maybe not like that. I wouldn't ask it like that. Emini Here. I wouldn't ask that. 'cause I don't, why was she not Remy out? Ever She Challeng to a fight? Not remember. I know, but that's not gonna happen. We, you know what I'm saying? Like Yeah, we not, 'cause we know Remy. Do I agree with that? We know like they wouldn't be in the like, come on, let's just No, they're not funny Emini here for for the the cliques of it all. Yeah. Okay. It may be a good question for that, but it was just shocking that, it was shocking to me coming from Kiki. Kiki, yeah. I Think I wouldn't expect for her to just straight say that like Ryan Destiny was like, oh, this is ghetto. Well, to be very A little ghetto. Yeah. No poor SISs was wrapped in the middle of it. But as we wrap up, I just wanna clarify for context.


They were talking about like her other fights and her records and then she brought it there so it Yeah, all It don't matter. Could been a better segue. Ky my girl, I'm trying And then gagged. I was Ooh. Alright. My, my sources from Google say as of August 1st, she's now officially off probation. So Well, And I ain't saying all that. I ain't see you be talking. All I'm saying is that when Remy Remy's gonna ask her about it when she's here. That's what I'm saying. You say Remy ain't on them papers no more. She can do more than that. She not Do, I don't think Reio do all that, but she No, I'm just saying she, she could if she wanted to do More than names. Lord have mercy. Okay. Yeah. Alright, well thanks for the ladies for Lord Charlie.


Babe. Yes. Who even the Don, you, I need a representative, Keith Self of Texas to come to the front of the front of the congregation. Okay. He's the person who said something to the first transgender woman in Congress. Sarah McBride. And we need to discuss. Oh God. Okay. All right. We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake Up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes. You are a donkey To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Not a new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage man yesterday. It was a really bad day for him and this is what he did.


And so we are in a state of emergency. Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white, White man. The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright. Funny. Please tell me why was I your Donkey of the day? Well, donkey of the Day for Wednesday, March 12th goes to Representative Keith Self of Texas. Now I am fully aware that I am not mature enough to have certain conversations because my default setting is laughter. Okay? I am a very unserious person because we live in the United States of anxiety and I've been dealing with anxiety and panic attacks my whole life. And if it's one thing therapy has taught me is we must always find joy.


And I find joy in jokes. Okay? In this situation with Representative Keith Self gave me great joy. I laughed a lot because Keith Self decided to abruptly adjourn a congressional hearing on Tuesday after being challenged for referring to representative Sarah McBride of Delaware as a man. Now, maybe you don't know, don't show or don't give a damn that Sarah McBride is the first openly transgender lawmaker in Congress. Okay? That is a fact in the Europe subcommittee of the House of Foreign Affairs panel, by the way, I have no idea what that is, but it sounds fancy. That panel was in the middle of a hearing on arm control and US assistance to Europe when his chairman representative Keith Self from Texas introduced his colleague by calling Sarah McBride.


Mr, let's go to six a BC News for the report please. Professional hearing came to an abrupt end yesterday after a Republican colleague misgendered newly elected Delaware representative Sarah McBride. I now recognize the representative from Delaware. Mr. McBride. Thank you Madam Chair. Ranking member, As you just heard, Texas Republican, Keith Self, the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee addressed McBride as Mr. McBride hit back by responding. Thank you Madam Chair. McBride made history last year by becoming the first openly transgender person elected to Congress. After the exchange, Massachusetts representative William Keating defended his Democratic colleague, Mr.


Chairman, you are out of order. Mr. Chairman, have you known decency Emini here? I have come to know you a little bit, but this is not decent. We will continue this here. You will not continue it with me unless you introduce a duly elected representative. The right way South end. Immediately adjourn the meeting. McBride says she was disappointed and was prepared to move forward with questions for the subcommittee. Now, let the record show, I believe Representative William Keating of Massachusetts was trying to be funny. Okay? He wanted Keith Self to repeat himself for the same reason I wanted to keep self to say it again for my own personal enjoyment. And you heard Keith Self, he doubled down and can we hear it again one more time, right? Can we hear it? Only hear it in full. Lemme hear it in full. Na the representative from Delaware.


Mr. McBride. Thank you Madam Chair, ranking member Keating also wonderful. Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry, could you repeat your introduction again, please? Yes. It's a, it's a, we have set the standard on the floor of the house, and I'm simply, What is that standard, Mr. Chairman, the standard. Would you repeat what you just said when you introduced a duly elected representative from the United States of America, please. I will. The representative from Delaware, Mr. McBride, You couldn't wait. Mr. Chairman, you are out of order. Mr. Chairman, have you no decency Emini here. I, I've come to know you a little bit, but this is not decent.


We will continue this here. You will not continue it with me unless you introduce a duly elected representative the right way. I have to play white devil's advocate here because I understand where Mrs Self is coming from because I too have been wondering what to do in this situation. Because as Keith self explained on social media, And I'm quoting him here, it is the policy of the United States to recognize two sexes, male and female. Why? Because one of President Trump's early moves of his second term was to sign an executive order that the federal government would only recognize two sexes and they were not changeable. Okay? An executive order was signed, it's right there in black and white. I don't know what to do in this situation. It's also confusing. So William Keating, you getting frustrated with Mr.


Self when all he's doing is what your boss told him to do? Did a memo go out telling members of Congress what to do in this situation after Trump signed that executive order? Of course it didn't. So I'm not really upset at Keith Self for doing what the president told him to do. What I am upset about and the reason I'm giving Keith self donkey today is because he adjourned the session. See, these petty culture wars are hurting democracy. You heard me say earlier that they were in the middle of a hearing on arms control and US assistance to Europe. I kind of know what that is. I believe I know what that means. But I know one thing for sure. That panel is more important than whether or not Sarah McBride is referred to as Mr. Or Miss. And you know, who knows that better than anyone?


Sarah McBride. See, on other occasions, Republicans presiding over the floor and in hearings have either tried to stay away from the issue by referring to Sarah as the member from Delaware, even though the custom is to refer to lawmakers as gentlemen or gentle woman. I actually like them just referring to her as the member from Delaware. Even though I don't know if Sarah has had their members surgically removed. But Sarah rarely discusses or calls attention to her identity. Okay? This is how she conducted herself on her campaign and in her first months of Congress, she prefers to talk about economic issues. And that's what I want all you elected officials to do. Focus on the actual issues that impact our world. Okay?


Keep self, there's no reason to adjourn a meeting because you was challenged on calling Sarah or him when William Keating says you outta order, say, well, hey, the president signed an executive order and that's what I'm following, but to take your ball and run home because your ego got bruised. Come on man. Grow up. You a member of Congress. We got bigger issues to deal with. You can't just take your balls and go home and neither can Sarah McBride. Ironically, ironically, she's the only person in this situation with balls. So you're right Keith, but you're also wrong. Please give representative Keith self the biggest. He haw it's this big issue to deal with guys and girls and girl guys.


It's crazy. Well, thank you for that. It's A big issue to deal with. Thank you. That's all I'm saying. Thank you for that donkey today. Yes. All Right, where we going now? Ah, okay. Well what we doing? Yo, what is why you be taking so long? Yo, Because I'm trying not to laugh 'cause, but he's stupid though. 800. Who? Stupid. You stupid. Okay. Is it okay? That was harsh. All right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's clear it up a little bit. Let's clear it up a little bit. Wsa wsaa wsa wsa. We be filling that with you, Jess. Yeah. Nah, he stepped out. Okay. Alright, now we're talking about something that tragically happened. A southern university student, Caleb Wilson, he passed away allegedly he was taking part in a hazing ritual and that was the reason why he passed away.


So we're asking 805 8 5 oh. He was killed. He was killed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. He was allegedly punched in the chest by a member of the organization where he was pledging with the boxing glove and he collapsed and began having began having seizures. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think hazing should be removed from the pledging process or do you feel like it's tradition? We'd love to hear from the divine nine. We'd love to hear from anybody in a fraternity. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. That is the question. None of us up here are in a fraternity or sorority. I was pledging for one, but my grades didn't allow me to finish it. I Thought you couldn't hold on to the cane.


I thought you said the cane. You told me the cane kept flipping out You hand. I did not say that. You did tell me that before. I did not say that you wanted To be a kappa, right? I did not say that. Yes, I was pledging capital. Oh. And I was in Hampton University. It was Something with the cane. You Told me it was nothing. It was nothing with the cane. You just making up stuff. I don't know what you mean, what your, you told me to fall. Fantasies are or fantasies were, but yes, I, I was, and I couldn't follow through with the process because my grades weren't where they needed to be, so I could not pass. You had to have, I believe, a a 3.5 average I believe at the time. And I didn't. I had a 3.4 And I could not, not surprising Name. Yeah. All right. I could not, no, I swear. I swear. I was a point away if my one teacher's name was Dr. Kalon, if you would've gave me a 80 on a test, I would've been able to do it.


And he gave me a 78. I remember that like it was yesterday. But yeah. So that is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think hazing should be removed from the pledging process? Let's discuss. We'll take your calls when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, Man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne de Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if he just joining us, we're talking about Caleb Wilson. Rest in peace. Caleb Wilson. He passed away.


He went to Southern University and he was pledging. Let's hear the news report. Three men facing felony charges in the death of a fraternity pledge have all been identified. Caleb McCrae charged with manslaughter and criminal hazing. Isaiah Smith and Kyle Thurman also facing criminal hazing charges. When hazing involves a great bodily injury or death, there is a felony component to hazing and it carries up to five years According to arrest warrants. McCrae Smith and Thurman led the hazing ritual that night at this warehouse leased by Smith's father. Each had a specific number of pledges lined up to punch in the chest four times.


Witnesses say McCray was the one who punched Caleb Wilson causing him to collapse and become unresponsive. The group went to check on, Caleb made the decision to change him out of his clothes and bring him to the hospital 10 to 15 minutes after he collapsed. At no point did anyone call 9 1 1. Damn. Mm. So sad. What's the question? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think hazing should be removed from the pledging process or is it tradition? That is the Question. Emini here. I I have no idea because I'm not a Greek, but my only advice to the Greeks was would be don't do things that could potentially kill people like y'all. Not gangs jumping each other in. You're a fraternity. Think of something smarter to do. Yeah, I I'm with you.


But, but let me ask you a question. I'm sure they didn't think that punching somebody in the chest with a boxing glove would kill 'em though. Oh, that's what happened. That's What he said. Yeah. Punched him in the chest with a boxing glove On. Oh yeah. I didn't hear the boxing glove part in the news before I hear. Yeah, but it, well, I I, I, I'm sure they didn't think that would kill him, But you're still not a gang. Like I don't, I don see why you have to do something like physical violence. You know what Emini here? I don't know. But that It was still four of them doing it. Like all of them had to do it though. Oh, so four people pointed him in the chest. It was that that's what the hazing was. It was gonna be all four. It was like four of 'em. Dang. And I don't even think he made it through all four of them doing it. Yeah. I I, you know, you hear about Bloods and Crips jumping each other in. I ain't never heard that with no sorority. I just, yeah, like, you know, it shouldn't be physical violence like y'all are a fraternity.


Like think of something smarter to do. Well, hazing isn't legally part of the process. That's not what it's supposed to do. It's actually illegal to haze in any organization. It's still quote unquote done, but it is illegal to do. Oh, so they need to get rid of it then. Well, they're supposed to. It's not supposed to exist, but I guess so many members have been hazed. It's like a, a rite of passage through, through some of these fraternities and sororities. Yeah. I remember movies like school days, remember school days when they blindfolded the, they were, they were hazing the kids and they blindfolded them and they made 'em put their hand in the toilet and they thought They was that do when it was Banana. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what Emini here, like do like, that's diff do stuff like that. Yeah. Emini here. That does happen. They blindfold 'em and then you ask the, the four founders and you gotta go through the, the, all that stuff.


But sometimes People before, or even like, like the, even the, remember how they burn you, like with the little thing like, that ain't deadly Emini here, even something like that. Like, you know. But I Thought they get the burn after the fact. Yeah. Yeah. They get it after they get in. Right. Burn After, after they get in. Yeah. Damn. So I, that's something else I gotta do after I'm ran. No, that's if you want, every, every member doesn't have that. Like every, you know, every member of sorority, fraternity doesn't have that burn on it on themselves. Why Can't you just get a tattoo? Damn. You can. I'm saying they're not cows, But every time S Right. Like, damn. Hello. Who's this? Hello. Hey, good morning Sarah. Hello. Good morning, Sarah. Now you are a member of the Divine Nine. I am.


What are you? I I don't wanna say can't everything about this. I'm not, I'm Not. I hear, I hear Zeta in your voice. Wow. That first of all, never, never, never. And I, Now I know she had Delta, aka a she a probably AKA, she a only AKAs get offended when you call 'em Zetas. I'm, I'm not that either. So You Delta. Okay, so last one Again, I'm not saying any. Alright. Sarah, talk to us. What, what's your thought, Sarah? I I will say this. First of all, I think that it is so unfortunate that that young man lost his life. I really feel bad for his family. That chapter, that organization, the Divine Nine Period.


This is a tragedy that should never, ever have to happen. Second, I think that one pledging is not supposed to happen. Period. It's not legal in any of the divine nines. You Mean Ha, Hazel Pledging is not hazing. Hazing. Oh, you mean haze Pledging? No pledge pledging or hazing. P period. Pledging period. It's called hazing, but it's an intake process. And that's the actual name or the title that any of those organizations use officially, which is an intake process. None of those traditions require any form of hazing. Let's establish that. Okay. None of them, none of our traditions require any form of pacing.


So you think you, you, you agree haing should be eliminated. Ken, What I'm saying is, is that there, there is a difference. You there if these young organizations, the young chapters there is, there is a desire for them to want to know because they hear the old stories from the older generations. Like, oh, we did this and we did that. Yep. So they have this desire to want to do that, to feel like they were, they had the same experience. Got you. The prob The problem is, is that the older Greeks we are, we are removing ourselves from that connection because we don't wanna get in trouble. We got jobs, we got kids, we don't want anything to come back on us.


So they are removing themselves. And what happens when you have nobody leading the madness? Mm. Nassar let me ask you a Question. There's a complete, there's a complete disaster and that's the issue. There is a method to the madness. And there's, there could be guidance, it could be done the right way, but it's not because they're removing themselves. And I understand nationally why you have this happen. Insurance companies are no longer insuring these divine, not organizations. They had to make a choice. We understand that. Nobody wants to lose their letters, but those kids, they, they want that process. So now it's just blind leading the blind.


Sarah, let me ask you a question. It it, I was just thinking about it now. Usually when somebody pledges, they cross during around homecoming time, which is October, November. Why are they doing it so early? This is just March. This is, This is, so that's, that's an HBCU thing that they all have to cross on the same day. That's not a divine nine thing. So a lot of HBCUs have all of their probates all on the same day, which means all of them are going through at, at the, their intake is at the same time that, but this particular instance, I'm sure that Southern was on the same thing. 'cause I think maybe a and t just had theirs like a week or two ago where they had a bunch of probates all of the same day.


So I'm pretty sure that that was like an HBCU thing of when they had their days. Alright, Well thank Whatever the school established. And did you get, but again, I, I, I did. I'm good in May, but that doesn't mean that that's the way it should be now. Thank you mama. I Need no pledging. I don know p pledging legal. The same thing as hazing. Yeah. I Don either. Hello? Who's this? Hey. Yo. What, what up? Envy this will in Atlanta, man. What's happening? What's up? Will he, will, will you sound like an alpha? Hey Man, I'm definitely an alpha man. See? You feel me? Hey, what's up Charlamagne? Jeff, please, king. What's up, Baby? But, but this what I'm saying, like, it obviously it's an unfortunate situation, you feel me? What happened at Southern and we know that, you know, hazing is heavily ingrained in the culture of HBC.


You feel me? I went to A-H-B-C-U myself. You, you know, you got hazing in the bed. You got hazing on the football team, basketball team, the choir, all that. You feel me? I I do think this though. There are certain ways to, to, everybody has a process. You feel me? There's certain ways to, to handle it ain't gotta be physical. You ain't gotta be beating on a dude. You could be, you know, have to watch the big brother car every day or something, you feel me? Yep. Or take him a newspaper three o'clock in the morning. You ain't necessarily, you know, pledge. Yes, I pledged And I pledged hard. You feel me? It's what it's, it's what had to happen at that time. Times have changed, you feel me?


And that's okay. Everybody don't have to be made once you, once you cross them letters, you feel me? You gonna be a respected of your, you gonna be respected of your organization as a value member of that organization. You know, Emini here. So. Well, you know what's funny? Well, it is funny that you said that. Like you said, you don't have to put hands on somebody or put somebody where they could possibly die. I remember when I was going through the process, we had to buy a hundred turkeys, right? And each grocery store only had five turkeys. So we had to drive to every grocery store in the area to buy these turkeys to give 'em away for Thanksgiving. So that wasn't where somebody, you, you Did all of that and still ain't making make the team. Yeah, I did all that. Didn't make no team. My grades, This guy. This is Crazy. My grades. Yeah. But As I said, y'all, y'all in college do something smarter, man.


Yeah. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think hazing should be removed from the pledging process? Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about Caleb Wilson, who was killed by going through the hazing process and we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think hazing should be removed from the pledging process or is it tradition now? Louis V who is the program director of our station in Atlanta. Yes, 96.1 to be, He's also a member of the Divine nine. Louis V. Come to the mic.


Yep. Hey, hey Louis. V how you doing? Tell us how, Tell us how you got hazed. Louis, What happened? Because I heard you got a tattoo on your left half cheek because you got it before you even got hit. You got got killed. What happened? Yo, you wild? Tell us where they touched you. Just Say wild, wild man. You wild. Listen, I'm not talking about by process, but hazing is definitely illegal. I will say that. And I feel like you know it. Like everybody said, there's a very unfortunate situation that you know, that Caleb passed. You know what? Emini here, it doesn't take that. The last guy that called in, like he said, it doesn't, it doesn't take that a lot of this stuff can be mental. A lot of, a lot of things can be done differently. And kale's social media for one is making it harder. Like when I was coming through, we didn't have social media, but I can't even imagine having it the way we had it back then.


You know what I'm saying? Like it is now going through a process like that. And again, I Emini here just, I don't mind saying, yeah, I pledged, but it was definitely a, you know, it ain't something to brag about. I will say that I think people are


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more American public University education at moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls. Join the search as we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to Hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music awards are coming back Monday, March 17th on Vox starring Bad Bunny Gorilla Kenny Chesney, Money Long Nelly, Your host iHeartRadio LL Cool J. Are you guys ready to have some fun tonight? Plus, iHeart Innovator Award recipient, lady Gaga, IHeart Icon Award recipient Mariah Carey And iHeart Breakthrough Award recipient Gracie Abrams watch Live on Fox Monday, March 17th At eight seven Central, Wearing it now like a badge of honor. And these young kids are trying to kind of get a better understanding or trying to feel like they get, they need to be made in a certain way, but it don't take all of that man and that, that's sad.


What year Did you come across, what do they call it? Cross the Noble or coming out, what do they call it? Cross. It's cross not coming out. It's Not coming out because you graduated from South Carolina State University. That's why you in Atlanta. See how y'all got, just see how y'all got Just y'all gotta see her face man. Shit. Wild. Was you a sophomore or junior when you crossed up? I was A, I was a junior. Junior. Okay. Okay. And Louis V is a caper. He wanted to be a cube, but he don't eat enough to be A cube. What? Dang Cap. That's Crazy. This guy's crazy. You know, Charlamagne tried to start his own fraternity ass Phi ass, but I don't even know what Happened that Well no c know, but see And I know, I know Charlemagne know about Chuck Phi. Chuck. So Charlamagne, you know, You already know Chuck. Find Chuck 8 43.


Hello? Who's this? No, Jess said ask for X. Hello. Hello. Who's this eternity for? The Hello I love. Hey, what's your name? Hi, I'm going by anonymous, but my fake name will be Mary. Alright, Mary. Fake name. Mary Mary's AKA Mary is hilarious. Now Mary, what's up? Talk to us. We're talking hazing. Should it be removed? So I do not believe that hazing should be removed. I do think that there has to be a process where those that have been in the organization needs to oversee. So normally there's a dean and normally there is an elder. Someone that is, you know, that's been seasoned, that is in, should oversee the process.


So therefore safety and proper protocols are followed. So I do believe in the ha hazing process. I don't believe that it should just be unmonitored because that is when things happen. That is when, you know, unfortunately deaths occur because there are no parameters around what is being done. So I think that there has to be some type of guidance with the younger, you know, younger individuals that are, that are actually doing the hazing. I'm 25 years in, so I've been in the organization for a very long time. In 2000, I'm eight. But I do believe that if it is monitored, then hazing is okay, Well listen, if hazing is illegal, then there's no right way to do the wrong thing.


Correct. So you're, you're, you're literally saying you want these kids to have guidance to do the wrong thing. You can't just go in and just skate through the process and not follow traditions. You're saying it has to be something You, there has to be something, you know, you gotta cross those burning sand. Right. Every, if everybody could do it, then anybody could do it. And it, and it is an elite group. It should be an elite group where any, any just anybody can't get through. Right. So we, there has to be something. I believe in the tradition I pledged, right, it was monitored. But I think when the, when you know it is not being monitored, that is the problem. That's when anything is occurring. Mary did they put paddle to As, did they put a paddle Ty ass?


I'm a part of the Century Club. Yes. Mm. What that mean? What's the Century Club Paddle ty ass. That's where they paddle you. They give you, they hit you on your ass with a paddle. So is a hundred licks. That's why they call it the Century Club. That would be smart. There you go. Okay. Got you. Alright. Oh, so she can't confirm or deny, okay. Exactly. Alright. I ain't gonna confirm man, this illegal. But you think about it, Jeff, if you gotta do all this, man, you might as well decide whether you want to be a Greek, a blood or a Crip was say Say Py. I would just go, you know what Emini here go over there. Damn y'all, I gotta get jumped in. I wanna know who, which, what's better. Wait, I don even protect me better in the future. I Don't even wanna go here no more now. Like, damn, he's At the Century Club.


Jesus. A hundred licks. Jesus. All right, well What's the moral of the story? What's the moral of the story? Louis V Stop pledging at this point. Emini here again, it, it, it, it doesn't really get you nowhere. And you see where it got is right now and then it changed. Yeah. And it, and this doesn't just affect Omega sci-fi, this affects all of the Divine nine, like everybody, because again, you gotta look at it from that perspective. Like this could have happened to body and unfortunately it just happened to him. So, And I think they suspended all the Greek organizations. They paused everything for that entire campus. Oh wow. So again, yeah. So it's, it is one of them things where this trickles down to everybody. All Right, now we got the latest with Lauren coming up, so don't move. It's The Breakfast Club in Morning Lauren becoming a street fast Up.


She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about Everything and she be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Okay guys. So this morning, good Morning America released audio for the first time ever. The woman who accused Jay-Z and Diddy of sexually assaulting her when she was 13 years old, after the VMA of her on tape saying that Jay-Z had nothing to do with this. Let's take a listen. But Jay-Z was, you're saying he was definitely there, but he had no part in it or he was just He was there.


He was just there. But he didn't have anything to do with the, any sexual acts towards you. He was strictly, he was The one that kind of pushed me towards going forward with him, With JayZ, with Jay-Z bus video? Yeah. Do you know why? No. Who, who was it interviewing Her? So interviewing her, you hear two, two investigators that are on Jay side that private investigators. And the question that they are asking her is, was Jay-Z even there because she alleged that, you know, this happened at a party, blah, blah, blah. And then they have the conversation about how did this even come about then? And she's saying that Tony Busby pushed her, allegedly to bring Jay-Z into it.


So then of course, once Good Morning America and these outlets received this audio, they reached out to Busby for a response and Busby counters with audio of this woman let talking to him. Let's take a listen to that. They say that, that they have you on tape denying that Jay-Z assaulted you. Is that true? No. No, they don't. I've never said that. Okay. Did they also say that you told 'em and they have it on tape, that, that I, Tony Busby told you to, to like came up with this plan and told you to say that Jay-Z assaulted you so you would get more money? No, We just heard the tape though. And you just heard the tape of her saying these things And then there's another tape of her saying it.


So I it And I, And I let's Just say, right, So what Barnsby gonna say that she was coerced to say that, That I think that's what he's getting at. But this woman, First of all, this woman's not credible at this point, that, But Emini here, this is dropped anyway with prejudice. So that means that this case can't be brought back against Diddy or Jay-Z. But the reason why r Kelly R. Kelly, the reason why Jay-Z's attorney says that they put this out is because they still wanted the more, they wanted this to, like, people need to see everything spike Football Game, right? Yeah. Because this was, you know, put on his name or whatever. So people need to see everything. Tony Busby should receive heavy consequences that young ladies should receive heavy consequences. This, this does nothing but make it harder for real victims and it makes it harder for successful men because you can always be the target of a BS lawsuit like this one.


Yes. And where is the media? How come the truth and the facts are never as loud as the accusation. When it's an accusation, everyone runs to amplify it. When it's the truth, everybody quiet. Well, What do you always say? Right? Nobody cares about, nobody Cares about the truth and the lies more Entertaining. And, and, and the sad thing about it is you could tell it's been a lie from the beginning, from the very beginning, from the beginning. She, she didn't have a story straight. Her dad does remember driving four, five hours. Like it sounds crazy to the fact that we're still having these conversations, but it hurts ho I'm sure it hurts whole where people have, I'm sure businesses, it affected him, his business, it affect him when he was taking his daughter to see the fossil command. This is a man, it just affect him as his family. It messed Up, man. I Just say if you ran to YouTube, if you ran to a podcast to have an opinion about the accusations have that same energy for the truth.


Yeah. Jay-Z, he came out and said he lost million, millions of dollars at 20 million at the time. That 20 million that, that all this was happening. That's why he's filing suit against as he should. You know what? Emini here. So it's crazy. Yeah. Now lastly, real quick, this is a crazy segue. The two have nothing to do with each other. Let just put that out there. There is a audio floating around right now of a Kelly, and he did the residuals challenge because he is saying that people owe him some bread and he wanted to put that on There. It was amazing. He said, who getting paid for my crime, For his from his Grind? No, my grind, all that be mine. Who's his residuals? Where's my checks? Where's my money at? Like real residuals, like, what's up, where's my bread at? Exactly. Hes saying I'm going bad in here. 30 plus years in the game and whatever, wherever the money is going right now, he don't even got money on his commissary.


I will Say he confused. Now that is a phone. I don't know what Tori recorded on, but that is a phone that r Kelly recorded on period. And I, and that was no auto tune, no nothing. That man still in there singing. There was a audio too of him singing on a podcast and the ladies got some flack for it, but he was singing Happy Birthday and people were just, you know, no comment on how he good goody sounds. But people were of course, were upset about that. But well, nobody, nobody ever said r Kelly wasn't talented Emini here. That was never stated through everything, through all the accusations and convictions. And nobody ever said r Kelly wasn't talented. Mm. Right. But all right, real quick, random observation. I'm at Shaq house yesterday, right? Yo and yo, this man is living like neo.


He got four white bitches, big booties in there. Like one is in the kitchen clean and the other one is in the basement. The, like Shaq Who? Just Ken O'Neil? Yeah, Emini here. I don't know another Shaq. Right. But yes, he, he lived, He be down in Atlanta. Guess what Justin? Yeah, He li he got a house in Atlanta. He had four, he got four wive, Four white women. Does Shaq want you to say this? Yes. You'll never get invited to this house. Yeah, I don't give a hot guy. Dad, What happened at the house yesterday that's going that makes you never wanna go back there again if you told the story? Nah, Nah, no, nah, nah. I, I don't, I don't know. I don't know if I'm gonna go back or not, but man, when I seen two of 'em was, two of 'em was, was bad.


The other ones they was, they were, they were getting there, but it, I couldn't believe so they getting There certain White women, no Emini here. Like, you know, the other two of 'em was like beautiful bad. I'm like, okay, all right Shaq, I see what you doing. Then I seen the other two come out the back And I was like, oh, all right. They getting there. They need a little face. They need a little bit more work. Why you ain't getting Dr. Umma and report this? Because Dr. Umma got something to his own that he going on right now. He got he going through right now. So I, I chose to leave that brother alone, but man, I could not believe it. Did they cook for you? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. His his shack Emini here. His chef definitely whipped up something for me. But no, no, no. Not the women. Not the women. No. I thought they were cleaning.


One was massaging him. She didn't care about his feet. Like she was massaging them. Then he got the big bed, the bed looked like an aquaquarium, like a big, big. It is crazy. Yeah, we Have to send snow bunny buses to Shaq house. I'm serious now. I might not be now that you said that I might not be invited back. Mad never invited back. I don't give a damn. I cannot, I wonder what you saw there yesterday that just made you say, you know what, I have to tell everybody this because I, I don't know, I just was thinking, I'm like, yo, because Neo, Neo keep coming up. You know he got the four girls, the four because he not married And I, not four wives, but he got the polygamy thing going on and I'm like, Shaq really was trying to do that. That's why I compared him.


I'm like, yo, you living like Neo, but, but your women are white and and with big booties and you Ain't getting a video. No, I ain't gonna read. He wouldn't let me record. He not about to let me record nothing. He gonna let you come back. I said don't worry about it, I'm gonna talk about it. I ain't going, I ain't gotta record it, but I can't Wait to wherever you go tonight. Oh, news is real. So you told him you was gonna talk about it? Nah, I ain't talking. Oh. Oh. He be all right. Why would you invite Jess with the mess of all people to your house? Four white that's on you. And then yeah, you supposed to hide them bitches. You ain't supposed to have me just walk into 'em. Alright, Well that is the ladies with Lauren and Jess and the random thoughts. Alright, random People's choice. Mix up next. Let's go. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a S Slew David Bannon for joining us this morning, Man. The Good Brother David Bannon. Make sure you check David out. David Banner is gonna be in Carl Webers. He's right now. Carl Webers the Family Business. New Orleans is available on BET plus plus. What else? Banner on banner's on Fight Night, on on Peacock, on NBC. And you know, man, listen, I I not banners not just the great actor man. He makes phenomenal music. You really should go check out the God Box Paul one and part two. You know if you, if you like great down South Lyricism.


Okay, David Bannon gives you that all the time. So Seu to Banner. That's Right. SLU to David Banner. You can see the full interview on our YouTube page and when we come back, oh, and also You got shows tonight, right? That's Say I shows see in Atlanta, right? Yep, I'm in Atlanta. Shout out to 96.1 The beat. I'm down here broadcasting live from near, but I got shows at Atlanta Comedy Theater. We got two shows tonight. We got two shows tomorrow. I will be doing meet and greet guys, get your tickets@showclicks.com or Jess Hilarious official.com. Me and Desi Alexander will be hitting stage tonight. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


All right, now it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive Note? I do. I wanna s Sloop to 96.1 to beat in Atlanta. You know that's what Justice broadcasting from right now because you know April 26th will be back in Atlanta for the third annual Black Effect podcast festival. My guy Louis V is providing the soundtrack. We got Mandy and Weezy from Decisions, decisions hosting the Trap Nerd podcast will be there for all the gamers. Erica and Mila will be there doing their doing their Good Moms Bad Choices Podcast Live. Carrie Champion will be there doing Naked Sports Live tanking. Jay Valentine will be there doing their r and b Money podcast live and Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there with the woman of all podcasts. I can't wait to announce the guests that are gonna be popping out on some of the podcast as well.


But you know, we got the Black Effect marketplace. We got the Food Truck Court. Nissan will be back this year. Put a picture pod with the picture podcast booth. So yeah man, go to black effect.com/podcast festival right now to get your tickets. Okay. Black effect.com/podcast festival. And the positive notice simply this, A good sign of healing is when you recognize this dysfunctional behavior and realize it's not your job to fix it, explain it, or even entertain it. Have a great day Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Al goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Mary Kay McBrayer, host of the podcast, the greatest true crime stories ever told. This season explores women from the 19th century to now women who were murderers and scammers, but also women who were photojournalist lawyers, writers, and more. This podcast tells more than just the brutal, gory details of horrific acts. I delve into the good, the bad, the difficult, and all the nuance I can find because these are the stories that we need to know to understand the intersection of society, justice, and the fascinating workings of the human psyche. Join me every week as I tell some of the most enthralling true crime stories about women who are not just victims, but heroes or villains, or often somewhere in between. Listen to the greatest true crime stories ever told on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.