
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member ft. IC.


Good morning, Usa. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Wake That ass up. Hey, Charlemagne is out. Lauren s here. What's up, Lauren? Good morning, y'all. And it's Monday. What's up guys? How y'all feeling? Oh, great. And I feel good. I feel good. After Father's Day. Well, first of all, how was your Father's Day? Because we ain't father's. So how was Your Father's Day? My Father's Day was absolutely positively. It started off a little shaky, but the weekend was good. I was out at Atlantic City with Vibes cartel, so I was working, had the wife and her friends came out. That was amazing. Had dinner. Great.


Then when I came home, I stopped by my pop's house early in the morning and my kids FaceTime me, but it wasn't one of those FaceTimes like, Hey, happy Father's Day. It was dad. I opened the door, and the door hit Peyton in the head, and now she's bleeding. Oh. So that's how Father's Day started. What? What you mean? She's bleeding? Let me see. So now I'm trying to calculate how the cut looks through the, the, the FaceTime. I'm like, oh my gosh, it looks big. Let's go to the emergency room. So now we all jet to the er, I'm in my pop's house, And I gotta jet the jersey to get to the er. So now we get to the er, the baby's in the er, her head is, is sliced open a little bit. The doctor comes in, I'm thinking stitches again. 'cause I remember I just did this about a month ago with, with Brooklyn.


Yes. So I'm like, they know me now. I'm VIP in the emergency room. Hey, Mr. Casey, go take a left right there. Right. So the doctor looks at me and was like, oh, that's nothing. It's just a little cut. I can't glue it all. Stitch it. You just gotta put a little ation on it and da da da da. Yeah. So I spent three, four hours at the, at the emergency room. Then when I finally get home, I'm so sorry. The kids cook and I'm tired. I went to bed at six 30. I ain't gonna front, I went to bed at six 30. I don't know all the plans that they had, but I just woke up and texted. Every last one of 'em was like, thank you. It was amazing. The best thing y'all could have let me do is sleep last night. That was great. Aw. Aw. Well, that's that stuff. That was good. I'm sorry about that. Is the baby okay? Oh, baby's great. Baby. Act like nothing happened. She in, but she in a, an emergency room like, dad. What's that? Hey dad, can I touch that?


Hey, dad, can you gimme some more gloves? Like, oh, that's The little one. That's the little One, right? That's true, baby. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, that's the Georgia Savage. She, She was good money. She was good money. Yeah, she was good. How about yours? What'd you do for Chris? Man, so I actually was in, not Buffalo. Where was I at? I'm in Buffalo, Pittsburgh this weekend. Pittsburgh. I was in Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. It was amazing. So I just flew back yesterday morning and we got everything together for this event that we had today for the After Father's Day event. But I ended up getting a room at the hotel that he took me to on our first date. It's called the Ivy Hotel. Okay. It's a nice five star restaurant that he took me to on our first date. And I wanted to, you know, we're this our, our, we are going into our third year being together.


So I booked a, a real nice suite there. And then we had dinner at Black Swan. One of my friends, Jemele McLean, he's a former Ravens player. He has a, a restaurant Black Swan in downtown Baltimore. We enjoyed reservations there. Then we went home. I gave a little strip tea. There you go. There, there You go. The little fame, you know what I'm saying? And then, yeah, I'm here early this morning. What you do for your man, Lauren for Father's Day? I don't got no man, but for my brother. Oh. But for my brother, my brother's a dad. We had dinner and then my, my stepdad went to, they did a cookout with my niece and went swimming and stuff. So I was just with the family this weekend. I don't know nothing about a man. Okay. All right. Well, for, for Father's Day, just know the best Father's Day is leave us alone.


Just let us do whatever we want to do. If we, I feel you, if we wanna just watch tv, let us watch tv. If we wanna go in the garage. Yeah. If we, whatever. Just, just let us be. Oh, I text my dad. Happy Father's Day. Oh, great, great. I was gonna ask about your dad, but I didn't wanna do it live. Okay. How Is he, did he text you back? Yeah. I said, happy Fathers Day, dad. Love you. He said, love you too. That was It. Well, Emini here. What? I supposed To thank you a gift. Flowers We're, listen, I text my dad's Happy Father's Day. That's the start. Okay. We, yes, we, we, we All, all right. That Is the start. Loose Steps. Loose steps. Little steps. Little steps. Okay. All right. Well, let's get the show cracking. Onne j will be joining us this morning, has a new special, not gonna stop and streaming on YouTube. We are gonna talk to Onne Jay, and let's get the show cracking.


We got front page news a lot going on over this weekend, and Morgan will break it all down. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Alright, now, sports game five of the NBA finals is tonight the pace verse OKC at 8:30 PM Now what's up, Morgan? Hey, y'all. Hey, listen, how y'all feeling on this Monday? Amazing. Good. Thank you. All right. So look, and happy belated Father's Day to You. Envy, thank you. Is a drama. All right. So first on front page, president Trump celebrated his 79th birthday and marked the US Army's 250th anniversary with a sparse crowd on Saturday in Washington dc, which was also Flag Day.


Now, after conducting a reenlistment ceremony, Trump said, America's enemies have learned that once you come for the US you will, you will lose. Now, he expressed his gratitude to service members and detailed the Army's rich history. Let's take a listen to his comments. Thank you. To the greatest fiercest and bravest fighting force ever to stride the face of this earth. From Gettysburg to Guana Canal, from Yorktown to Shiloh, and from the trenches of the Argonne to the mountains of Afghanistan, the Army has forged a legacy of unmatched courage, untold sacrifice, and unequal and undying glory.


Now, Trump said, no matter what happens in the future, future, excuse me, America's army will always be there. Now, several thousand people were reportedly attending the parade, extremely underwhelming numbers from the anticipated 200,000 initially expected. Although White House communications director Steven Chung, wrote on X, despite the threat of rain, over 250,000 Patriots showed up to celebrate the 250th anniversary of the US Army. God bless America, they Said it wasn't even that close. They said it wasn't even close to 200,000. No, they said it was more like they said they might have had more soldiers actually in the parade than actually people out there. They Were posting videos on Twitter, looked it, it looked empty, looked it, It looked horrible. Now, they had 6,600 soldiers. Right now, 50 helicopters, 150 vehicles.


They had horses, mules, parachutists, and a whole bunch of, but they said there was nobody there. So it was just a waste of money. A Absolutely damn. Absolutely. And, and in a stark contrast from Trump's military parade. And there was an estimated 5 million people that took part in the protest over 2000 cities and towns across the US for the No Kings rally. Now, Axio says, over 100,000 people turned out for the No Kings rally in Philadelphia alone. And about 75,000 showed up for the protest in Chicago. They were largely peaceful throughout the country, although there was some clashes in Los Angeles and in Salt Lake City, Utah, there appeared to be one fatality as a result of a shooting.


Now, also in Virginia, there was a man arrested for trying to drive into a drive A-U-A-S-U-V into a crowd of people. And in New York, it sounded a little bit like this. Let's take a listen. No kings, no gang will, Kings no gang. We are all Out here demonstrating on no King State together at the same time, all across this country, claiming what it really means to be an American. Together we'll survive this unnatural disaster in the White House. Together, we, the people have the power. So protestors in New York could be seen holding signs and banners and things of that nature saying, Trump must go now. And of course, demonstrators say the goal of these protests are to protect their neighbors, saying the power, as you heard in the audio, belongs back to the people.


So I will get continue, you guys keep, keep you guys for posted as to what happens as a result of these be parades and how, you know, Trump feels, or whether or not he's even gonna address what happened over the weekend regarding them. In the seven o'clock hour. We'll talk about what's happening on the international front with Israel and Iran. So, stick around. I do have a question. Now. They've been going back and forth about who paid for this parade. I've been hearing Trump paid for it personally. Then I've been hearing there was some taxpayer dollars. Do we know for sure where that money came from? I do not know for sure, but I'm hearing that the estimated value of this parade is upwards to about $45 million. And I've also heard that to your point, that some of the cost will go to the National Guard.


Army National Guard is gonna cover some of that cost, but also some of the cost is gonna go back to the taxpayers, especially probably in DC who you know, really can't afford it. There's taxation without representation. But, but I won't get too much into that. Y'all, y'all stick Around. All right. He should have used the promoter out in DC to help him out a little bit to get more to 6,600 people. Staying away to, Hey, you already know. Alright, Well that is front page news. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello, Who's this? Hi, This is Stacy. Hey Stacey. Happy prize Stacey. Yo, just on Aria, let's talk. Oh, Brittany, I love you. Okay. Yo, first off, I just wanna say thank you for hosting me on your page. You and Charlamagne posting me on your page Right now. I'm a verbal, just like Andy. We're very, very sensitive. Yes, we are. Right. Ever. Okay. Ever since I've been on the show and stuff like that, I've been getting mad. Love my cupcake. Business has been blowing up. I didn't even see your page, Jess. My cousin sent it to me.


Yeah, I was in Burlington shopping And I was screaming, like literally laughing. Right? Until I went to your comments. Yo, Jess, your comments, they tearing me up in your comments and I'm like, yo, I had to stop reading it because I got to like, like I was getting so mad. But now I see why Cardi B be up in these comments, like going back with people because yo, they was calling me all types of dusty lemons and yo, it's so funny. Yeah, but but it's outta love. It's outta love. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Jess, I know it's outta love. I love y'all. You understand. It's just that the people like, they really think I'm some flaming boy now.


Like it's, it's so funny. Like, it's so funny. But I'm human still, so I got feelings. You understand? Yeah. So it's kind of like, yo, but no, just hilarious. You are so dope for that. You and Charlemagne both put me on your page. Mind you, I'm a regular person. I'm not no celebrity, but yo, everybody's recognizing me now, so thank y'all. But just hilarious. You said after the call you was like, yeah, that, yeah, like, yo, I was cracking up, but just hilarious. Yeah, I'm just gonna be honest. Okay. I'm just gonna be honest because everybody's like, yo, why don't, why don't he just come out and say that he's gay already?


Listen, everybody who knows me knows what's up. You know what I'm That's right. I'm not dl, I am not Stacey. You ain't gotta tell nobody nothing. Stacey's none of their business. Yeah, right. Exactly. Exactly. But yo just hilarious. You just made it even more funnier. Like, yo, everybody set me up. But like I said, I'm just me. You Understand Stacey, tell 'em where they can get your cupcakes. Stacey, tell me when they can get your cupcake Before You tell them where they can get it. You need to bring me some damn cupcakes up there. I don. No, I would, no, I need to text your, oh, Emini here. No, it's not art. It's Eddie. Eddie, Eddie. Yes. So look, I don, I just tell Eddie I can come up Thursday And I can bring it.


You understand? Okay. I've been wanting to get to you. I Stacy, Stacy, Stacy, the problem is this, you can come up on Thursday, but it's Juneteenth and we're off on Juneteenth. It's a holiday Juneteenth on Thursday. Okay, Got it. Okay. Got it. We gonna put you, we gonna put you hold and, and you could and you can get the cupcakes. And you know what, Stacy, we gonna announce the, the my New York call show. So I would love if you could have cupcakes there. I'm So sorry. Hey Yo, that's so dope. Can I do that? Yo, this is why I love y'all. I don't care how many people call me. Whatever they wanna call me. Listen, my business is booming. I'm a black entrepreneur and I'm doing my damn thing. So y'all can say That's right. We gonna announce that the the New York, New York New Jersey call show this week.


And I want you to have a table at the call center. I can Do it. Yo, envy, you are my yo you my new guy. Vy. Trav gonna be mad, but it's all right. It's all right. Sean gonna be mad too. That's okay. Okay, so, okay, so lemme me just tell 'em where they can get the cupcakes from me and then put me on hold and then whatever day is good for y'all because I'm actually making some stuff. Oh, envy. One more thing. I'm so sorry. You also said that I didn't know how much stuff is in my stuff. I do know what's in my stuff. Listen, I've been baking since I was a teenager. I had a easy baked oven as a kid, so I know that's not gonna help. I Know that's right. Easy bake. Yes. You had the white and pink Easy Bake.


Stacey. This Lauren And I ain't, I ain't supposed you, but I do have a question. You had the same easy bake oven I did, Yes. Hello? And, And I call myself the white Betty cracker. Stop playing with me. Oh right. I do this for real Stacey, we gotta go. Okay, got it. Sorry. Love you Stacey. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 5 1. Oh Lauren. Lauren is funny. I had that. You ain't had a easy bake. It was white and pink. Yeah, I had pink and white one too, nigga. Yeah. Get it off here. Just 805 8 5 1 0 5. What is The Breakfast Club? Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man Gen. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool. I outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now. Here. Tell you what, it's, we lied. Hello? Who's this? Brittany. Hey Brittany. What's up? Get it off your chest. All right. I, I really got something that I wanted to say about my husband, but I actually need Jess's help. I have been trying to call Jess for the past month. I need her to fix my Meds. She's here. What Happened? Alright, so me and my husband have been together for almost eight years. Married for six. The first few years were great.


We ended up having our first kid together real early in the relationship. And then a couple years later I got pregnant with our second child. I was having a rough pregnancy, so we moved closer to my family for some extra help. Once we did that move, it's like that's when I started noticing changes. So to skip down about three years, I've had some health issues that I almost died. I've had a major loss in my family, so I've been like in a real deep depression for the past three years. Yeah. He hasn't been there supportive for me emotionally or anything. And I understand that, you know, I haven't been the best that I can do, but I was able to recognize that once I started coming up out of it a little bit.


And I went to him to know, to talk to him about what was going on and he, he, he doesn't wanna be with me anymore. And I'm like, how, how is that fair? Because he said that I haven't been, you know, showing him any affection or anything for the past three years, but it's like, how can you not recognize the trauma and stuff that I went through? And you weren't supportive at all. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm trying to figure out like, is this marriage really worth saving? Because it's like he claims he, he still still wants to work things out, but he's really not trying, He's not you, he's still currently not trying. You feel like I feel like it's, I it's like since we've been together for so long, I feel like I've done the most in this relationship. Like I, I basically pay most of the bills even though he does work full time, I'm taking care of the kids.


He really doesn't help me around the house or anything like that. Okay. I feel like I'm doing everything on my own And I feel like I'm turning into a man instead of being a woman that I'm Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He tells me, He tells me all the time that he loves me and everything, but, and then he wants to be together, but it's like, how long am I supposed to wait for him to show me that? Yeah. So you, do you want your marriage? Do you want it or are you, is that what you're calling for? Like should I let That, I literally prayed for this for so long And I just don't know what I should have. Well look, I I do wanna say this. I don't got all the answers for you right now. This will take a little minute and we ain't really got that much time, but I, I do, I sympathize with you being a woman who was, you know, going through a depression.


You lost your family then y'all had to move. It was like you was at your peak and then y'all just went downhill. And then I do understand him being deprived of that intimacy and that affection for three years. That is a lot. So both of y'all really was dealing with, with a lot of things and y'all didn't really know how to come together to, to govern, to move forward with one another. 'cause y'all had y'all own blocks up. You know what, Emini here, if this is worth saving to you, I strongly encourage therapy and then before y'all even get there, have more talks with one another. Like really sit down and communicate. It's a lot going on outside y'all house. That's right. You know what, Emini here, it's a lot going on.


I I really wouldn't want y'all to give up 'cause it does seem like, yeah, I he love you, you love him, but you feel like it's a lot on your back. You need to unload that on him. But y'all need to, y'all need to sit down and don't come at each other, but talk to each other about what's happening. Even go far back in those three years, yo, I was dealing with this. I feel like you wasn't there. You feel like I wasn't there. How I'm supposed to be there for you if I, if you know, I'm over here dealing with my stuff, you know, And I feel like you don't give the same as I give. You know, all a lot of these issues can be worked out. If y'all communicate, don't leave nothing back, don't hold nothing back, you know? There You go. Well get it off your chest. Well, she needed some help.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? We talking About the celebs and Father's Day and 50 Cent and how he spent his Father's Day. Okay, we'll get into all that when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. All right. And let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a free fish. She gets them from somebody that know somebody well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on Lord the latest Lauren la Have facts. Sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk.


Talk to me Man. For others, they was so special and so nice for some fathers. And then, and then 50 Cent and his oldest son Marqui get online. They got into it.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot, but here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Future health weight loss. Wat Ozempic but can't afford thousands a month. You need Wegovy for $399, all in no hidden fees. The only FDA approved GLP one for weight loss at the lowest price, yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective, wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time. No insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com future without the e Future Health weight loss Data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed a provider's discretion.


I the issue is to me just like him. Yes. Oh my God, God. So he is just, he a true just like his father. Yes. So Marquis posted this, it's like a bet. It's called a Player Prop betting slip. And it's a Father's Day sports book. So the bet was whether 50 Cent and his second son would appear together in a photo. And Marquis's caption says, oh, it's Father's Day. Happy Father's Day to all the real ones. I'm watching my bet and it ain't looking too good. I got the over, we all know this is the day for photo ops. The day ain't over yet. Finish strong. Get on your job. So the bet that he betted was whether 50 Cent and his second son sire would appear together in a photo.


So there's two bets on the side. The first one is number of photos released publicly featuring both together. The line is 0.5. So that's only he, only one photo needed to be posted where it's helping me understand the bets. One one. Yeah. One photo. And then the other bet was the number of Instagram posts by 50 Cent son by 50 Cent featuring his son. Now the over odds are plus two 50 and plus 300. Yeah, those are the odds of the bet. And it, but it's a negative 400. Negative 500. So what'd that mean R Seven? If it's negative 400, that means if you bet $400, you only win a hundred dollars. Back Child, it was so ghetto. 50 Cent came back online. The bet was nothing. It was just, it was just, he was trying to say that, that he wasn't gonna post pictures with his son just like him.


That that's, that's what he Was going with. A hundred percent. But I think it's just funny that in, in real life, he's even posting this and then he's sit, when he posted it, he's sitting there with the hookah. But 50 Cent came back online and posted in response to him and alleged that his son and the family are like skimmers. It was like a whole, it was just very 50 Cent ish on Father's Day. That's crazy. With his oldest son. But you know, other people had some better experiences with their dads. Tyrese is one celebrity that I saw. I thought that this was special. He surprised his dad for Father's Day, brother, his dad's flowers. For the first time ever on Father's Day, his dad is battling stage four cancer. Let's take a listen. My father does not know I'm here and my father is, is dealing with stage four cancer.


I'm about to surprise him. He doesn't know I'm here. Yeah, I know. I've had a, a strained relationship with my father over the years. Him and my mom got divorced super early and he was an absentee pops. But you gotta put all that stuff to the side. I'm hand delivering his son's album. I'm also, for the first time ever in my life, I got my father some flowers for Father's Day on in. Let's see what happens. I don't even know how I'm gonna process this one. Talk to him on the phone, but I haven't seen him in almost 10 years. Who's up? Terry? Terry Man, Tyree face lit up soon until he walks into his dad's house in this video and he hits the corner and then the video stops.


But you see Tyrese face light up when his dad said, tyres my son. And he's walking in with the flowers. So He hasn't seen his dad in He said over 10 years. Yes. Okay. This is the first time he brought his dad flowers on Father's Day. Yes. And then also speaking of Dads Diddy's kids also wished their dad a Happy Father's Day. Justin posted. Happy Father's Day Pops. Thank you for giving me life and always being present. My superhero. I'm with you forever no matter what. I miss you And I love you Christian. Posted. Happy Father's Day pops. I love you And I miss you. We're waiting for you at home. I saw Baby Love Post. Happy Father's Day as well. There was just a lot of outpouring of love. Gia put up a really, really nice post of you envy.


It was beautiful. It Was so beautiful. I almost cried. You Did? Yeah, I did. Damn. I did. I feel like she always talks about you like that though. I I'm gonna read the Go ahead. That's my baby. Like, you know, I told her you this this weekend and the best part of Father's Day weekend was just seeing her smiling and her having a good time. And my kids smiling and my kids excited. That's what makes me happy. Seeing them smile and seeing them happy. That means I did what I was supposed to do and God damn. My wife looked like she's like 24 years old, don't she? I said that In a video phone. She looks so good. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Wait, I wanted to have another kitchen nigga, And I thought about it, I'd be like, it's cost too much money. But Jesus, I'm like, Jesus, she looks so goddamn beautiful. That wedding ring and the girl's trip video. Oh, They had a good time. I said, go off Envy.


That is a rock baby. She was so damn amazing. Oh Yeah, she said, when I love that. I know because I you're so serious. I'm sitting here with you and you really probably would've had another baby this weekend. You didn't think about It. I thought about it a minute at Mad Times Pullout game this week And I was like, oh no, college is too expensive. But, but, but but was stopped. That was Peyton in the damn er. In the er. That's right. Pey in the er busting The head on Fathers Day. Exactly. With the birth control right there. You know what? Nah, it Was the it was wrong busting. It was the she got bust in the head. I didn't want that one. But you know S right? Yes. Her words are always so sweet to you though. She said that you've always been on this like wanting to create a family. Yes. Wanted to be a dad. I was the only child. So, yeah. And that was the best thing that ever that y'all are just so adorable.


That's, that's my Baby. Shout out to all my baby celebrity dads this weekend. That got some love online. There's a lot more people though. Oprah. The Obama's posted or Michelle Obama posted for Barack Obama. Justin Timberlake got a shout out. Of course, Sierra held down Russell Wilson with an amazing caption. Dope for sure as well. Talked about how much she loved him and how much they appreciate him as well. So yeah, it was a heartfelt Father's Day after we got through 50 and his back and forth. Alright, well that is the latest with long Happy Birthday. Tupac is Tupac birthday. It's PAC's birthday today. Yeah, we're gonna get some Pac on in the mix in a little bit. Alright, everybody else, when we come back, we got front page news and in Memphis, bleak will be joining us. So don't go anywhere.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news, some quick sports. Game five of the NBA finals is tonight 8:30 PM Eastern Time. The Pacers verse OKC. The series is now tied. Two, two. What's up Morgan? Hey y Hey. So if you saw it over the weekend, officials in Minnesota are providing more details on the capture of the suspect in the killing of Minnesota lawmakers. There was this crazy manhunt that was happening over the weekend with Vance Bolter. He's accused of killing state lawmaker Melissa Hortman and her husband. He also is accused of shooting Democratic Senator John Hoffman and his wife Yvette.


Now Bolter was captured alive near green aisle after being spotted on a trail on Sunday by a camera. Brooklyn Park. Police Chief Mark Burley told reporters that the chase to capture Bolter was the largest manhunt in the state's history. And included hundreds of detectives and 20 different SWAT teams. Now, Minnesota Governor Tim Walls provided the first information following his arrest on Sunday. Adding that we have to find a better way to deal with our differences as authorities do believe that this attack was politically motivated. Now, superintendent of bureau of superintendent of the Bureau of Criminal apprehension, drew Evans also says of it appears falter, acted by himself.


So let's take a listen to those comments from Minnesota Governor Tim Walls and the Bureau of Criminal apprehension, drew Evans, After two day manhunt, two sleepless nights law enforcement have apprehended Vance Bolter. This cannot be the norm, it cannot be the way that we deal with our political differences. Now's the time for us to recommit to the core values of this country. We are confident that the violence that he committed and the murders he committed and the attempted murders that he conducted that activity alone. Evans went on to say that Bolter was armed when he was taken in. And of course, governor Tim Walls also in detailed that Hoffman is out of surgery and moving towards recovery.


So just tragic situation there. And it was also detailed that, you know, Minnesota usually has a fairly open courtrooms and state houses and things like that. Not so much that they even have metal detectors in their area. So now of course, you know, there's an increase in heightened security in regards to Minnesota and their, their, their elected officials and you know, things of that nature. There's heightened security around them. Very set. I thought a lot of those Mexican officials have security. No, not at all. Like Personal. They yeah, they usually do. But they were saying that Minnesota is, is has not been like the culture has not been needed for that. So yeah, between their state houses, their courthouses, things of that nature, there hasn't even been metal detectors.


So, but now after this, there has been a heightened security and those elected officials are, do have a detail with them. As of, as of now Morgan Know. It's crazy. I went to the emergency room yesterday and they wandered me down. So the fact that the state house doesn't have metal detectives is crazy. But I saw that He No, for real. I was like, wait, what? Was he Impersonated an officer or something, Huh? Yeah, he was, yeah. Yes, he was, he was impersonating an officer. Well, I guess they still would've had to wind him down though, but yeah. Okay. But they, but that's the thing. That's, that's what they were saying is the culture is they didn't, that wasn't what what they did there. You know, I know we're used to it on the East coast because Emini here from schools to, to your point courthouse is that's just the norm. But they were saying that that's not the norm there.


That, you know, anybody can walk into these state houses, these courthouses, these types of buildings and nobody is being searched. So, oh, hopefully going forward they stop that because, you know, I'm sure they learned that lesson. I hope they did. You know, and you know, of course thoughts and prayers to those who passed in in regards to this. Absolutely. Now switch gears to some international news. Israeli prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, is defending his country's military actions against Iran. Now, in an interview with Fox News on Sunday, Netanyahu said Israel will do whatever is necessary to re remove the nuclear threat that Iran poses. And he went on to say that their military actions protect more than just Israel. Let's take a listen to Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.


We had to act, it was the 12th hour we did act to save ourselves. But also I think to not only protect ourselves, but protect The World from this incendiary regime, we can't have the world's most dangerous regime, have the world's most dangerous weapons. We're protecting ourselves, but by doing so, we're protecting many others. So the escalation of the airstrikes and missile attacks had resulted in a growing number of deaths in both countries. Meanwhile, president Trump claimed in a post on truth social that the US could easily get a deal done between Iran and Israel and end this bloody conflict. Iran and the US were supposed to have a round of nuclear talks in the country, but those have been canceled as a result of this conflict.


So we'll see what happens as a result of that. And of course, president Trump also rejected an Israeli proposal to target Iran's supreme leader. According to reports, Trump turned down a plan to kill Al, excuse me, Ayatollah Alni and an, an interview interview with Fox News. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu dismissed what he calls false reports about discussions between the US and Israel. Word of the proposal comes as Iran threatens to strike US military targets if it continues to help Israel defend against Iranian airstrikes. But Trump also said he put a, he issued a warning to Iran saying that y'all need to stay away from the us. Do not target us. We ain't had nothing to do with all of that.


With Israel Senate majority leader John Thune. He reiterated the president's points on Fox News on Sunday saying, the president saying the US will be ready if Iran takes action. Let's take a listen to Senate Majority Leader John Tran Should be prepared for all of America's might to descend upon them if they go after and target Americans or American bases or installations in the, in the Middle East. He warned, of course, if the US is attacked in any way, shape, or form by Iran, the full strength and might of the US armed forces will come down on you at levels never seen before. That's what he said. Trump also claimed that the US could easily, oh, we talked about those deals.


But yeah, it does. It looks like things right now are at a stalemate between the US and Iran and regarding any kind of deal, whether it be the nuclear deal or whether it be trying to get these ceasefires done. But yeah, right now the conflict continues to escalate. And I will keep you guys posted as, as of what's going on with that. And in my last story, the G seven leaders are gathering in Canada for policy discussions on trade and other topics. President Trump is in Alberta today as the world's economic powerhouse begins a crucial three day summit. The meetings take on on heightened importance ahead of President Trump's tariff deadline and the escalating crisis. Of course in the Middle East, as I just talked about, senior White House officials have been quietly downplaying expectations of any major breakthroughs on trade agreements.


So we'll keep you guys posted. Looks like we've got a active week ahead, so, but that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all. Have a happy Monday. All right, Morgan, thank you so much. Now when we come back, we throwing back a little bit, Memphis bleak will be joining us Rock Nation Rockefeller. And we'll talk to him next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. He's got a new podcast called the Rock Solid Podcast on the drink Chance Black Effect Podcast Network.


You know what I'm saying? Memphis bleak as hell. You Know what I'm saying? Blizz. Who in the building? What's up lady? What? See God, that's my guy right here. I never met that lady before. Nice to you never met Justin Lord? No. You know I just met her on ig. Oh you know what Emini here I seen I seen you show some love. I show love back. You know what Emini here man, Listen. Your ass don't age when I say you look good. Oh, thank you. You look good when I was younger. You look good now. That's Dope. Oh, thank you. I'm trying to win. I'm trying. You hear that wife, you better watch out. You gotta watch Out. Girl, I'm Getting into this personality blogger space. Now you might age. It's Stressful. I know, right? Strep. I'm not, I'm not trying to get into the controversy of the blogger space. Okay. I'm trying to bring some jokes.


I want to be like, I feel like my podcast, I want to be like the sitcom when we was younger, you know, you had your smack DVDs, your your, your wild moments, but then you could go in the crib and watch some Martin, you go in the crib and watch some fresh princes and you know, get back to your sense of humor. I feel like that's what my space, I want to be just enjoying And I don't want no clickbait. It's interesting though, most people who actually have gotten active in the street don't want problems. No, no, no. I I I love, I love this life. I live, I don't gotta watch my back. I don't need no strap. I don I'm good. I Love it because I, I even seen people say things about you on social media and bleak. You just, you just laugh it off. Yeah, hell yeah. Yeah, That's it. Because it's like I'm from the era, you know, in the hood they like the more anger you show, the more laughter comes to follow.


So I really learned that young is like, you don't show, you can't show people that they even penetrate the, the, the armor you wear or anything. So I'm gonna always laugh it off even though I might be pissed, but you'll never see that You, you know, most people start a podcast. I guess the builds from credibility. You already got credibility. So what do you want to say on the podcast that you haven't said on records or an interview? I feel like people don't know my personality. Like you know, back in that day you could be whatever you wanted 'cause all they know was a source magazine picture. They see you on BET or MTV your video by your album. And that's all they knew of you. They like now on Instagram, people get to see your everyday life. So if you are a cornball, you are a cornball for real.


Yeah. So it's like now on the podcast what I wanna let people know is the personality and just some of the stories behind the things that we done that you might have been questioning. How did that happen? Why did this happen? Why wasn't bleak involved in this? Or why wasn't being or this person involved. So we here to answer those questions. You know, you know you, you've been in rooms with some of the biggest names in music, right? But on rock solid. Are there stories you finally feel comfortable telling now that you couldn't back then? No, I don't think I ever played that role in the game. Like I never, we never came in the game as a crew with images to upheld and we always were just who we were believed in Integrity was going to take you as far as you needed to go.


So it was never no rap image I portrayed or something. But it's just things I can't talk about now. 'cause the big homie married, we married so You know those, those hard knock life talk is oh my god I can't, You know, I gotta pg And I can't x-ray it like, so Yo have you, damn. Have you and your wife ever watched backstage together? No. I can never watch that one. No way. I have to tell that wasn't me. The guy she know today. That's not him or back. Yo, there's no part in Backstage where one of y'all, I think it's you a whole, you'd be like, I done all the Texas or something And I half the country or some did it reversed it. Yeah, I was on some shit we was battling and not records neither.


We had verses for real. Crazy. So any upcoming guests that you all any any? Is it out yet? Yeah, we just dropped up the first episode with Ja Rule. Okay. So that, that did really good. A lot of people didn't know me and Ja had that relationship. So that's the things like I want people to understand like behind the scenes, behind the music, we real regular people. Like my first friend in the music business was Ja Rule. Oh wow. Like you know people from the outside would think it was Beans or Freeway or somebody from Rockefeller. The first person I met hanging out, riding around with was Ja like people don't know even Nick Cannon. Nick Cannon used to be in Mossy with us. Like Get the, oh God did y why ever help him write?


Yeah. Why you laughing song hard? It's Crazy. You say That hard Because my friend, this kid from my projects named Clap Rest in Peace, he actually used to write for Nick. Like we all was managed. I don by the same think Want that credit? Yeah. Producer. He Don't want that credit. Emini here, same manager, you know Behi J cousin was managed all three of us. Yeah. Nick, me and Cle, you know those So he used to spare Behi used to manage Nick Cannon. Yeah. He never told me that. Canon must not have been a priority. Nah, He was, he was, he was always talking about going into showbiz back then too. Yeah, like, like music was never his thing. So to see where he took it and what he do is like, it's Dope. You Lit. Like I just seen him at the Super Bowl February, you know, and I'm like I need to get on that show because y'all out there freestyling battling this and that.


That's my, that's my area. So you know, I'm gonna go do that. He definitely gotta pull up to the podcast. So what was Nick doing? And Marcy Just chilling? No, Nick can fight though. I don't know if y'all know that. Yeah, Just regular stuff. Like, you know he was a regular dude this before the fame, before any of this. Oh okay. But the kids and all of that crazy crap. This was just regular Nick on the block hanging out. He just wanted to be in the hood. Like a lot of people that met us back then was on some Yo you from Marcy. I want to go. 'cause you couldn't go to Marcy back in the day. Yeah. If you didn't know somebody or go with somebody certified wasn't no walking through Marcy. So a lot of people, they want to experience it now. Well Y'all made it sound fun. Y'all did make Moy sound like Cancun a little bit.


A little bit. You know, a little bit for us it was because we, we the guys but anybody couldn't do that. So your man used to ghost write for Nick Cannon? Yeah. Yeah man. So he Get royalties off Jiggle Low. Like what, what record was I, I don't know, I don't if it was Those records, but it was like his demos to help him get a deal. Like when he first was rapping, first doing his thing, like yeah Nick was was in the studio with us and all of that man like do You thought he was nice? I always thought he was talented. I ain't say that. I said you thought he was as nice as a rapper. Yo, I always thought he was talented. Yo yo damn. And then a couple times you give the guys your dang nigga, yo, you got a classic. When my man Be like, nah, that ain't, I think that's the fear of every artist like, yo, they going to rock with me.


Or somebody gonna be like, dang Nick Emini Here. Especially being around y'all though, like that's a Different Oh, it, it was y All are very different rappers than a Kinon. No, but it was, it was rough like growing up. Like just even being in the Rockefeller camp baseline studios, remember we only had two rooms with 14 artists. So it's like you couldn't be in there playing with bars. You had to get out. If you was laying something that wasn't rocking, they, it's time to go. We got six people waiting for that space. Yeah. Solu Nick though. We, we got a little, yeah, Definitely Not just rap, but we got a little, yo you, you speak about baseline, you were the first artist to be called the head to Jay-Z's throne.


Like Jay called you the head to the throne. What's something you learned about pressure and expectation that took, that took some time for you to understand? It's not reality. Like people will put limits and expectations on you that you don't have for yourself. Or even see, like when Jay said that, I was like, I'm the new and prove what since win. Who told you? They ain't tell me that. So it was like, oh word. So it's like, you know, you gotta do your thing and, and write and try to better yourself. Learn the game. Learn perfect euro. But the, the dominoes don't always fall the way you hope. You know what I'm saying? Of course. I wanted to be the biggest one to be this, but unfortunately I grew up with the sun and it's like he, any fire I put out, he burnt out.


So it was nothing I could do. I just accept my spot. But he was capping All, he might have saw something in you that you didn't see in Yourself. That's what I, he definitely did it to this day. Like, you know, Jay pushed me to do I send him music? It's so weird 'cause I got a new project coming out right on the 20th called Apartment 3D. It's probably like my third album I recorded since my last studio album. The first two he done shut down. Mm. So when I started sending him records from this one and he like, this is it you doing your thing? I'm like, what changed? I, I I I, I'm still trying to figure out what changed. 'cause now it's like you rocking with all the joints. What happened? I think, you know, it's just where you at in your life and what you talking about.


We're Still kicking it with Memphis, Blake, Charla, people always know you from the music with Jay. Right. They like, oh that's Jay's protege. But yo y'all grew up together in the, in the trenches. But That's the thing we, we grew up to not together. People think that like, they gotta remember Jay is like the big brother, like the uncle. Like I was the kid, like one of his nephews on the block. He didn't hang with me. He came and got me like seen me doing reckless stuff. He would, you know, put me on the right track, correct me, gimme gang. But it wasn't no hanging out. It was like, all right, I see you. That's Jay. What up fa, I see you. So the day when I seen him with Clark Kent rest in peace, it was like, man, he always pulling up with the illest cards. The baddest joints.


Man I gotta get on this boat. I gotta find out how to be a passenger on that boat. So I just shot my shot and it worked. What, what was something he taught you during that era that, that fans wouldn't know that we might hear on the, on the Rock solid podcast? Everything you see man, just the life I live, the man I am. Like Jay taught me, I'd learned everything from him. Bigs dang, my manager bee high. I could say it was a collective thing. 'cause without them who knows where I'd be in life right now. But one of the main things I learned from Jay is stay on top of your business, man. Don't like you got managers, lawyers, all of that. But nobody know what you want but you and what you going to get with, with you.


So yeah, stay on top of your business. That's why I just had a talk with him this morning because, you know, with the Rock Solid podcast we had the, the Rock logo on the podcast. But of course, you know, people wait till the last day to try to get you to handle business. So I'm like, yo, I can't put that pressure on Jay right now. He on tour with his wife. He doing, you know, I don't wanna be talking business. So, but I did send a message, so we talked about it today and he like, yo, bro, I don't just be licensing my, my logo and my likeness out to anybody. And I'm like, I've been in this gang forever. What makes you think I don't own, I own my show. Like this ain't going to nobody else. And he like, I'm like, I learned from the best. Nobody owns anything you do.


And I, why would I give away anything I do? Right? Yeah. So do you think as a, as an artist, right, because I know you said you learned a lot from Jay business wise, right? Do you think as an artist, if you would've signed to somebody else, you would've been a bigger artist? Nah, I'd probably be, I probably wouldn't be here because, you know, you get your one and done your two albums you done. That's what made me, it's so weird. All right. That's what made me sign with Jay. I remember my manager Behi, he ain't gonna like that. I'm telling this story. We had an offer from Capitol Records, right? They wanted to give me three 50 with a $75,000 signing bonus. And I was like, nah, they didn't want it. And he like, yo, you know what $75,000 could do for you? It'd change everything in your household.


Like, these was Marcy struggling days. And I'm like, I feel you. But that $75,000 come from somebody. I don't know. So the day my train slipped, they not going to invest back in the train to get me back on track. So I'd rather roll with Hove and this before Jay, it was no Rockefeller. He was still, this was reasonable doubt on Priority Jay. And he was like, yo, but what if, you know, Rockefeller is a dream of Jay. What if it never manifests? And I'm like, then it'll never be no bleak. I, I'm cool with that, you know, but I, my dice is with somebody that I know rather than roll on somebody. I don't. Was This after reasonable doubt or This was during reasonable doubt? Mm. Because my reasonable doubt came out on priority.


Yep. A lot of people think it came out on Def Jam, but it didn't. I was literally gonna say, people talk so much about your loyalty and that story speaks to it, right? How has your loyalty had to change as y'all grew, grew. 'cause you've known him for, so you've known Jay-Z for so long. Like it's been, It is So long at this point. Excuse Me. It is weird seeing what people, what I always saw in him. 'cause to me he was always larger than life. Some kids grow up looking at sports players movie stars. My next door neighbor was my inspiration. I go outside here. Hey,


What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day. Brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Future health weight loss. Wat Ozempic but can't afford thousands a month. You need Wago V for $399, all in no hidden fees. The only FDA approved GLP one for weight loss at the lowest price. Yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective, wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time no insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com Future without the e Future Health Weight Loss Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed to provider's discretion.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and Fore runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news Supra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


That, because nobody had, I look at his neck, he wearing jewelry. No one in the projects can afford, you know, he's flying traveling places. Remember Jay got a picture in London and the BMW, it was like 1993, it was like 92. Like nobody wasn't traveling like that back then. So he was my inspiration to get money. So to watch The World see him as the billionaire, he always been that to me. So I don't think anything changed. 'cause the day I decided to be like, yo, I want to get money, I knew I want to get money like them, him tty and all. Oh my God. It's funny, it's funny even, you know, not, not the Lawrence question, so of kind of, but you know, you see people online say things like Ble too loyal to Jay.


Like how is there such thing as being too loyal to somebody? I, I don't know. Especially If it's reciprocated. Yeah, like how can you be too? I don't know. No other way. I don't know no other person. Like what I'm supposed to do what they wanted me to do. I don't know who I was gonna get a deal with. What artist? I'm gonna go sign with another artist and be like, yo, I'm this crew down. That done never happen. So it's just like when Rockefeller died, that's why I didn't chase music. 'cause it's like what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna be geo Nick. I'm gonna go be this guy over here. I'm never, if it ain't Rockefeller, it ain't nothing. If You could go back to one session from the Early Rock days, not to change it, but just to relive it. What, what would it be and why? See, I'm gonna tell you another story.


People don't know on a clue tape. I remember it was Jay-Z and Source Money my first time me Clue. They invite us to the studio Jay and Source Money. They murdered a verse. Now mind you, I'm 15 years old sitting there like, and y'all want me to rhyme after these two guys? I don't think it's gonna happen. Include like, yo, good ahead. So Jay like, yo, you gonna give up a opportunity? You got a shot right now, you better write something. And I'm looking at him like, I ain't got it after what y'all said. I don't think there's nothing I could say. So I missed that opportunity. And when that tape came out, it was like one of the biggest freestyles in Marcia. Everybody playing it going crazy through Brooklyn. And I'm like, I was right there.


I could have been a part of it. So if anything would be that. And on the JR Kelly album, best of both worlds, if you listen to it, he was like, if one of the songs, I think it was somebody Girl is at this party song. If you listen to the beginning, he say, my name M extra money, let's go. And I never wrote my verse. Why? Why you Little scared ass man? No, no, no, no. See we had a thing in Rockefeller, it wasn't scared. All right, it was called Bull with Balls. When you think you too lit, you out here doing too much that you ain't got time for the balls. It wasn't this clue tape was ness. The r Kelly was, I was lit, I'm outside the thirties on me.


I'm lit. I ain't got time to be in the studio. That's how I got Clipp over Valium one too by thinking I was too lit. Whoa, whoa, whoa. And they left me, went on a tour with Bad Boy Biggie and them. I missed it. Missed the whole tour. What? Wait, in my lifetime Volume one. What you was doing though? I was, I was lit in Brooklyn. I had, I just bought a truck from sca, I got TVs 20 sixes on it. I'm 16 years old. I'm at every high school in Brooklyn blasting music. That's what I'm doing. I thought I made it. I didn't know it was the rest of this. I just thought being known to, all right, I'm lit, this is it. And then got left off bad.


He had the word and that's the time Jake came to the crib and gave me a tour. I spoke about this on Drink Champ. So he was like, yo dog, I'm rich. I'm trying to make you like put your family on like I don't need you, you need me. And that was the last time I missed anything. We still kicking it with Memphis. Bleak Charlemagne. Another thing that they was, was going around, Dame started it. He said, you don't write your own rhymes. He said, Jay used to write for you. And then, And I heard Beanie say that too on, I wanna know why I never went triple platinum then why I ain't follow up them J Cells. If Jay wrote these records, why the, why the publisher checks come to me. I should have as Cap send these people my record breakdown. They could see that 475 records in all the splits.


And I understand like on title it actually shows credit. If somebody, if I wrote something for somebody, even if you my man now dog, I need my pc. Jay wrote coming at age one, coming age two, I had no input at all on those records. When I showed up, it was a piece of paper, remember this, do your thing. It's like okay cool. You go through them records, you're not gonna see my name. Mm. You go through any other record that I'm Malik Cox is on, the real mc is involved. So I don't know where that narrative came from. Beans is the main one that got me. Like fam you doing that much drugs, you don't remember being in the studio with me?


Are you set you bugging. Like Dane was never in the studio with us so he wouldn't have a clue. Beans come on, you was in the studio with us every single day. We spent about 20 years in baseline and Jay wrote my rhymes. But you never saw it as, come on. Yeah, I saw a ghost once too then So when But but when he, you say he wrote coming to age one and two. Yeah. Okay. So did you ever want him to write for you Right now? Gimme a verse right now. Put me back on baby. Let's get lit. Kidding me, man. Let, when you, when you want somebody to do something for you or ask for that, you're giving away. It's the same thing as giving away your money. Like your publishing.


That's the only way we really made money. A lot of us rappers never recouped the budgets we spent on these albums. So your publishing is the only way you make money. And Ja taught me about publishing. So if Jay wrote my rhymes, like I said, I wouldn't be receiving no publishing checks. It don't make no sense. The rhymes he write, I get paid for. How Are you gonna have veins on as a guest? Hell, I know y'all got hell got crazy ass Stories. Hell yeah. I need to have beings up there 'cause we gotta get a, we gotta get this settled then talk about, you know, the life we live. It is like hell. So y haven't even spoken since he said this. Nah. You know, And I, I guess that's the thing I love, man. Like we always hear about these studio moments, but like, what's a non-music moment with, with anybody from Rockefeller that really just sticks with you through the year, Man?


Like, you know what? One thing that always bugged me out, Busta Rhymes. I love Busta Slip stardom. My bros, I love them. But I remember one time, I think it was Jay called Bus to the studio to do a song with him and Busta showed up to baseline with a bulletproof vest on. It blew my mind. Like bus, Bus around. Yeah. Like Busta got beat. I guess people why you trying to kill Busta Rhymes? We gotta go get them man, y'all bugger. This is a New York staple. Yeah. And it, and that really had me, like I done find out what Busta into what the hell he walk around with a vest for. And you know, just one of those moments I'll never forget At any one point, did you feel like Jay was drifting too far from the crew? And, and if so, how do you even address that when he's not just when know your big homie but also like the, the boss I knew he had to but j to be where he at.


He couldn't be around us every day. We couldn't be, I'm a liability. Like you know me now being married, being a businessman, of course things has changed, but the reckless, bleak, you couldn't be around us. Anything could happen and then it spills right back to you. So when Jay started doing these billionaire deals, basketball teams, moving teams from here to Brooklyn, you automatically knew the distance was warranted. It's not that he don't rock with you or don't rock with us. Say, Hey dog, I'm over here getting to these millions. Y'all still in the club popping bottles. I don't need that look. How did you understand something like that though? But like a beanie didn't, I don't know. Did y'all, I tried to tell these guys, that's the thing, if you really sit down, see a lot of people when they, when these cameras cut on, they got a image they gotta, you know, they gotta keep it up.


I'm this guy, I can't let nobody, but if they really, really sit down and have a real, real conversation with the reality pills on the table, not the other drugs, the reality pills, they'll tell you, I told these guys this was coming 'cause I used to get the word from big homie, yo, this don't ship up. They don't act. They don't act right. We going to do this. We going. And I used to be telling these guys, yo, it's only a matter of time before it's over. We gotta get this right. And they used to look at me like, and whatever, I remember a time, right? Beans had his clothing line, state property. We used to get clothes boxes and state property. So I'd look in state property and said manufactured by Rockaway. So I'm telling him as a brother, yo bro, check your contracts and all that.


Make sure everything right. Like, 'cause I see it's manufactured by Rockaway. I don't think Rockaway was making their own clothes. So how they making your clothes right like this as a businessman. This was like, didn't seem right. And this was at the time when he was saying, yo, I'm going to jail. I'm gonna sign Freeway and the young guns, the Rockefeller, when I come home they gonna give him back the state property. And I'm just sitting there like, oh you think business work like this? So I'm trying to tell him these things. Like he looked at me, this was when I knew me. And Beans wasn't, it wasn't, the relationship wasn't saying. 'cause he was like, yo, it sound like you hating on me fam. And I'm like, what you mean? He like, yo, if Jay, your man, like you say why you ain't got no record label?


Why you ain't got no clothing line? Dang my man, he taking care of me all this. And I'm like, I feel you. But you know why I don't have no things because my bro would never exploit my ideas for him to make a bag. Damn. That's what you need to realize. They're taking your ideas. And then when he came home from jail, what he said, they ain't only 2 million, Should Have listened to Blizzard. But like I said, Jay not my man though. So what, What was getting to the bottom of the manufacturing? What, what ended up being behind that? What was the Story? I I, that was his business. I never got into it. It just was a red flag to me. Like if I'm gonna do a deal with you and you going to make my clothes, I need to know who the manufacturer is.


It's just like I did a deal with Drink Champs. Right. I know Drink Champs. Y'all, y'all had to deal with somebody. Y'all starting y'all network. I need to know who the plug is. Black effects. Like I can't just be, we need to know what's going on here. You know what I'm saying? Like I can't just rely on you when you relying on somebody else. I need to know all the moving parts. And that's as any businessman should you want to know the moving parts. You don't just want to receive the checks. 'cause one day they gonna stop. Then you don't know how to pick 'em back up. It's insane. That's Real. You know I named, I, we we, I named it Black Effect 'cause the Jay-Z song Black Effect. Wow that's crazy. And I crazy. I reached out to him to get the blessing. Wow. They call it black effect.


That's crazy. And and the logo was was Emery's Guide that designed it. I said yo, I want something like the Paper Plains logo and Emery's and that's dope man plugged me in with, With this people. Yo God bless. 'cause when I found out, I remember I've been hearing it forever. And when they say, yo Charlemagne old Black, I'm like yo, he is destroying the game. Yo God is good. That's right bro. That's all you could do man is pray and keep killing. That's it man. They only get one shot at this thing. Lot of these guys think it's all about the glitz man. You could keep the glam and the glitz. Gimme the check. Mm. Like I tell people credit don't spend money due. I don't want the credit. And when now I'm driving June 20th, June 20th, six 20. We outside with it again called, called Apartment 3D.


Just the closure from 5 34. That's the address. 5 3, 4 apartment, 3D. And the Rock Solid podcast is available everywhere. You listen to podcast on the drink Chance Black Effect, iHeartRadio podcast network. Bleak, always a pleasure man. Always man. Glad to see you in this space. Glad to hear these stories being told My brother. Appreciate you Laura. Nice meeting you too. Nice Meeting to you too. It's The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's djj. Nv. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this, the latest With Lauren la.


Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me Y'all. Kanye West popped up at court to support Diddy. How long was he there? It seemed like he was only there about seven minutes. It was Real quick but it was, it was okay. So the last time we talked about the in here I told y'all that they had told me that he was in contact with Christian. So AKA he was gonna try again. He literally came, it was probably for all of 10 to 15 minutes altogether. He couldn't get into the main courtroom where and and to sit with the family. He Was in overflow room with you? They Were so they were trying to put him in an overflow room but it was just causing too much mayhem. Like we were in, so there's two overflow floors. We were in one of the overflow floors and someone had came up and said, Hey, Kanye West is here.


He is trying to get into court. I assumed that they were just gonna figure it out because it's Kanye West of, obviously he's here to support the D So he wants to sit with the family. He had met Christian when he got there, but I don't know if it was, there's either two things. There's a family list that's like a preset list. Right. Also, they only have a certain number of people that you can have in that main courtroom. Between one of those two things, he was not able to go in that room. So they were gonna put him in his own overflow room. But it was causing too much chaos. Even inside the court. Like the journalists from different outlets floor to floor to floor, trying to find him. I seen him running around the courthouse running up and down just to get a picture. Oh my God. It was to the point where I literally was asking the security inside. They on the phones, they trying to figure it out. I'm like, what y'all gonna do? Y'all can't put Kanye West in a overflow room like it.


There's no way. But yeah, he showed up to support Diddy by himself too. He was there by himself. He came, he had like a personal security guard when I, I was on my way out And I saw him with Christian and one of the like handlers for the family. Right. Trying to I guess still figure it out and just trying to get him away from the media to get him to his car. Emini here as, as the defense is, is starting to, to take his case. I think it's pretty smart to try to get as many celebrities as there as possible to show that people are supporting Diddy to show people are, are, are still with him. I think that's smart. I think it's a smart thing. 'cause if the jurors are there and they're seeing these celebrities, it might, you know, See but that was a conversation last week in the program. It so we think, right. So there have been rumors around the court that when it was first mentioned that he might pop up that, that they were saying they didn't but Can't have like the wrong celebrities though.


Like you gotta have something The wrong celebrities, Great credibility. Like, like not have people popping up and they know. Yeah they they going through they own situation. They always in the media for some crazy ish like you can't hear nobody popping up like that. But people still love y though, yo Even though he does his ups and downs for sure, they they still support his crazy Ass. Yeah, it was insane. Yo, I ain't never seen nothing like that. Like it was literally people running up and down. They would've walked down 23 floors to get the Kanye knew they had an interview at the end of it. But talking about Diddy, Jess's about to say something you'll delay. Okay, so talking about Diddy. So he is asking for a mistrial again. So another thing that was happening in the court while the Kanye mess was going on was that there's a, one of the jurors, it's juror six, the judge wants to dismiss this juror but the judge is saying he'll consider not dismissing him actually today.


Now the issue is that they ask you all these questions before you get on that jury stand and like, you know, they ask you where you live, who you live with. They're just trying to see if you can answer questions honestly. And you and if you can take instruction. So he was I guess having conversation with some of the jurors staff and mentioned that he moved that he no longer lives in the Bronx, that he now lives in Jersey. He told the court he lived in the Bronx with his kid's mom and his kid. So now that's a red flag for the judge. They're like, yo, what's going on? Like how are you, how is everything so inconsistent? Are you able to actually answer questions? Honestly did he seem as like whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait he's black, we need him. Yeah we need as many black jurors as we can. He's from the Bronx. Yeah we need him Bro. His profile is like listens to nineties hip hop.


Oh yeah We need him. They need him. So they fighting hard and in court the judge asked Diddy like, you know if we allow this juror to stay on and something goes wrong because he's not, he's flip flopping, he's not consistent and we see the issue. Are you willing to waive your right to appeal because of that juror? And did he said yes, but now that the judge is considering dismissing him, did, he's like okay if you dismiss him, I wanna mistrial because it's not fair we don't have enough diversity on this juror pool, which the judge is not gonna like. He made a big point on Friday that when we were in court to say this is a very diverse jury. Let's not even start that conversation and to give y'all the breakdown. So y'all know it's 12 jurors, four of them are white, eight are not and reports are that five of the jurors are are black.


Five of the eight are black. Yeah. Daddy's like we can't lose this one. Nope. He's from the heat and he knows nineties hip hop. He's from the Bronx close to where I'm from. Nope, we're not using this one. Nope. We're not losing this one. Jess. Who's the celebrity that need to show up. That makes sense for Diddy though. Like that's a good situation if he shows up because influence is a thing on the drawers. Mary j Blige, Mary j Blige would be a good one. Yeah. Yeah. I think one of the pastors that that message TJ JT Js ain't going in there. That Would be a great One. No, no not happening. That Would be a great one. But I think he gonna stay away from, I think not happen. We can have like a Kirk Franklin. Kirk Franklin be never good one. Probably. You know he'd be a good one.


Evans JLo. JLo would be a good one. JLo, JLo. You was smoking that crack. Pike did. He was talking about if you ever think JLo Is going, I ain't say none of 'em was gonna pop up. I'm just tell you who was gonna be Going. JLo is crazy if you thought she was even Drake. Yeah You just asking. I'm just throwing him out there. Drake. Ah, I don't know. You gotta tell me about just Abie before we gotta go Breakfast. I don so well we can we bring it in next hour because there's good audio that I don't wanna waste. Okay. But Justin Bieber, it's Emini here. People have been thinking that he's been having some sort of like meltdown or something's going on behind the scenes. He's definitely going through something. Yo really like he's going through something for sure. Yes, but we got audio of him going off on paparazzi and then some text after Father's Day. So we gonna talk about what we think he's going through in the next hour.


All right. And everybody else, Charlemagne is out today. So if you wanna give somebody donkey today, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Whoever you want to give Donkey Day to call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Remember now that's is how they choose. Call in now. (800) 585-1051 Morning everybody, we are The Breakfast Club Charlamagne is out today so we are gonna let you call up and give anybody you want Donkey of the Day. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello? Who's this? This Liz. Good morning. Good morning Liz. Who you wanna get donkey to?


I'm giving a donkey other day to my cousin. Say her name. Her name is Jewelry. Why you wanna give her donkey today? Okay, so long story short, I was talking to this guy in jail for three years. He got outta jail. He didn't say a word to me. She ended up talking to him. Now she might be pregnant. She got three kids under the age of one. So good luck to you. She gave her some Damn No wait. Who, who, who is this person? That's her cousin. It's my cousin. Cousin. You shouldn't give a donkey today. You should be happy 'cause that could have been you and it sounded like it was about to be You. That cousin facing her Cousin. Exactly. And I dodged that bullet. Oh, definitely Dodged a bullet.


Now did you meet him while he was in jail or did you or or did you meet him beforehand? Yeah, so he was in jail doing 10 years And I met him when he was there for seven years and he got out in 2023. So Mm. Yeah, I met him in jail. You met him in jail. So you was his Mm Alright, don't Meet. No, no, don't meet no more guys in jail. That's it. That's done for her. Alright, Period. Hello. Who's this? Yo, You know the vibe is Mellow. Mellow. What's the vibes? Who you giving donkey to? Mellow. I'm giving donkey today to the New York Knicks. Man, Talk to me. Be yo, first off, let's really talk about it.


They really tried to win a, like a trip off the Power of Friendship and it wasn't about to happen anyway. But you know what? It's still Nicks forever. But I'm not even giving them donkey for that. I'm giving them donkey giving Since when was your plan to fire, to Tip and then ask everybody else who already got a job. Yo, you trying to slide like you looking like a dude in the club who's still trying to back something at 4:00 AM like what are you doing? You, you Right, but how? Ask Mark Jackson if you want a job. Yo, you right. I'm not mad that they fired Tip. I like Tip but they fired her. But how you not having a backup plan? Like you say, how you just thank you. It's like 4:00 AM in the club. You just, you just trying to go at everybody now. You feel me?


Yo, ask Jeff Van Gundy or ask Mark Jackson. They right there At this point you might as well just ask Fat Joe if Fat Joe could be the coach or Spike Lee at this point. Oh yo, Ask me bro. I I'm doing it for 60 K. What's up Yo, goodbye Mellow. Yo, you know the vibe. Hello? Who's this? My name is, Hey, good morning. Who you wanna give donkey to? I'm giving donkey to this guy named Mark who is on Facebook live and tried to expose his wife for cheating. They both sitting there burning now from Jess, Georgia and she took his phone and exposed him. She was about to expose that he either slept with men or he set up his own best friend who he killed.


And he yelled and said, you're about to die. The Facebook, the phone started rumbling and next thing you know, they're both dead. The next morning he killed his wife because she, he tried to play a game. Didn't win at it, The police. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. So way he killed his self too. Yes. He killed his self. The police knows they done deal it. Oh, All right. So it's already there. Play that game. And he tried to play that game and expo her, you know, but he got his stuff caught up. Yeah, I Just, Georgia. Alright, well they I don't wanna play this game Michelle anymore. That's the sad donkey right there. That's Yeah, I'm done. It was all fun until you, until you came my, I'm Whole bunch of people watching vibe thinking it was funny until it was Damn.


All right, well rest in peace to that, to that young lady's family, man. Thank you mama. Yeah, Man. All Right. I don get the day. Be fun until we get a call like that. They didn't don't be fun no more. Yeah, like I don't wanna play anymore. Sad. Like that's really? Yeah, and it is Monday. Dang. I'm taking my toys out the toy box and I'm leaving. Yeah, I don't wanna play no More. All right, well shout to anybody and I think Charlemagne is out tomorrow as well. So if you missed, you can call tomorrow. (800) 585-1051. Whoever you want to give Donkey of the Day too. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. All right, now this is for anybody out there dating. We see what's going on in The World right now. I have a question for you and everybody in the room.


If you met, met somebody or you found out somebody that you were dating had a wild, super sexual pass, like really out there doing some crazy stuff, could you ever take them serious enough to marry that is the question 800? It depends. 5 8, 5 1 0 5 1. Can you truly look past that or we'll always be back in the back of your mind? Let's discuss. Yo, it depends. Like we've been hearing a lot with, with with Diddy's trial and a lot that's just going on in The World. Yeah. If someone had a wow past, could you just let it, let it slide and say, you know what? I'm still gonna date that person. I'm still gonna kiss that person. I'm still gonna be intimate with that person. The past was the past. I'm Gonna let it go. Letting it slide.


Even saying let it slide is crazy. You know what, Emini here, could you, the whole slippery slide Thing. You stupid. See I wasn't talking baby oily. But let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. If someone had a wild, super sexual past, like really out there, could you ever take them serious enough to marry that is the question. We'll take your calls when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Pull out. Pull out, pull out your phone. Call In right now, call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club top. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Future health weight loss WA ozempic but can't afford thousands a month. You need Wegovy for $399. All in no hidden fees. The only FDA approved GLP one for weight loss at the lowest price. Yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective, wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time no insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com future without the e Future health weight loss Data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed to provider's discretion.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Steady calling my phone. Call my phone. It's topic time. Call (800) 585-1051 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're asking if someone had a wild, super sexual past, like really out there, could you ever take them seriously enough to marry? Could you just leave the past in the past? Or is it something that will always be on your mind? I especially what's going on with everything in the headlines lately? So let's start with you, Jess. Now, if somebody had a yo.


Hmm. I feel like it's so many freaky fetishes out there. I I I'm not even the type to really analyze and dig into care about somebody's past. But yo you gotta be careful when you wanna move forward with somebody. 'cause it depends. It depends. And the reason why I say it depends. 'cause you know, people could like things like objects in they t you know what Emini here. Jesus. Like, people can like to do that to other people. Right? And even though it's in the past, we might really start feeling each other and getting sexual and nice. And you might wanna reintroduce that to me. I ain't with that. Okay. So just imagine if, if you did, you were dating somebody and y'all got close and all of a sudden he says, look, I just wanna let you know, 10 years ago I was involved in a train.


Mm. With men Involved with the trains. What? A train. A train. Not oh, Oh, Oh, a train. Come on man. Two, two train. Okay. Oh, all right. All right. Oh my God. Like, like he ran a train on somebody or he got a train ran on him. He Got a train ran on him. Ah, That's what I'm saying. I, I can't, No I can't. Okay. No man, I can't Do it. Alright, what about you now, C if you're dating somebody, you find out that they had a, a past history of wow ish. Could you stay with Uhuh? No. No. Then it can't be too, what's wild Emini here? 'cause like if you got like a bunch of partners, like you got a bunch of women that you used to deal with, I expect that kind of with men that my age.


But what's wild? You mean like you Hearing everything, anything that's been going on recently or on the stand and everything? Nope. Couldn't do it. Could not, I wouldn't even be able to sit straight face and look at you. Honestly, I would, I would just be thinking about things and laughing. And you Now look, what if somebody, look, I'm, I'm asking both of y'all this. What if like a woman envy was like, it, it just, let's Just say you wasn't married or whatever, right? And say if a woman was like, yeah, back in my past, I ain't used condoms for like 22 years. I never liked condoms. So I just was raw dogging everywhere. Every day. Like what you think? Like, Like no, Everybody I ever had like no condom, nothing. I just started using condoms two years Ago.


No, no. And, and like, you know, And I, I don't wanna be judgy, but I'm judgy. Right. And I'm gonna tell you why. Yeah. Because when you hear too much of it, it's like, like when I hear what's going on now, I'm like, I would have to think about that every time. Like, and this is just me. So if you out there and this is what you did, that's cool. That's on you. But every time I kiss you, I would, I would think about the, the urine that you had in your mouth. You know what Emini here, like every time I hugged you, I would think about the semen that was that you played with on your, on you. Yeah. I'm not judgy, but it's just not for me. See, but see, everything is not for Everybody. You in a different situation though, because you've been with Gia forever. You don't have to think about that stuff still. But even if I wasn't And I was out there dating, now people have partners before.


Right? You can't stop that. Yeah. But I just, if it's like that, not from Nah, Men are a lot more judgy than women. You are right. Y'all so judgy. But then Not only that, then when we have kids, right? And then your kids Google it, then they Google and then you gotta explain what the like nah, what if Not everything has say what if everything's not on the, the Internet. Everything is Googleable now. Everything is on the internet now. I don't know about, okay, nevermind. But let's go to everything. That's how everybody know that Envy was a Ciroc boy. I saw that on, on my Camera. Man. Shut up. Mention. Oh, any d though? What? Shut up man. Tara. Mm. Hi. Hey Tara. Good morning. Morning. You sound so bright in Perky. Hey. I know, right? Good morning. I Know. So Tara, if someone had a wild, super sexual past, like really out there, could you ever take them serious enough to marry?


See, the thing is, I would say yes only because that's just honest. Because we all could really be like that right now. You know what I'm saying? They just being honest. We all could be that person just don't Know. So Tara, if you dated a guy that let's say liked to get defecated on, ooh, ooh, oh, now you're starting to change, right? But then, right? But would you But you could say, I, I let, I'll leave that in the past. It's cool. Nah, nah, Tara, Don't Change. Don't change. Now what's a little, You said that could be any of us Because now I'm thinking like that because you, y'all gotta realize, like especially the people in prison, no offense to them, you know what I'm saying?


But when I, I can't really date a guy that was in prison because in my head I think something happened. Yo, Tara, I can't talk to no more. It's not being true. Tara. I can't talk to you no more. Tara. See, but wait, I'm just saying. So when you said that, that just really messed me Up. Goodbye Tara. Mm, Sorry. How a doing Y'all. You too. What? You said I was, I was gonna say like, you know how y'all be talking about like when you with somebody for a minute, y'all married, you open up to things, even if you're not married, just with somebody for a minute, you open up to things. So what if you get with that person and y'all in it, y'all like 10, 15 years in and they tell you that that's something they Like. I'm about opening up to nobody that's telling me that they got shit on. I'm sorry, What about you never had a man tell you that they like their, their nipples?


Like yes, because yes, when I'm all for the nipple s I'm All for bitch. Oh. Because I had that And I thought it was kind of odd and, and they waited until he was like in it. And I was like, this is an odd thing to reveal that what? That you like your nipples like played with and all these things. So You don't like that. So you don't like the fact that a man like his nipples being I just feel Like it just, I just feel We going here. Go ahead. I'm just saying that when you, when people get comfortable, things come up and now you judging them, but y'all already deep into it. Long. As long as there's no semen in the nipples, it's okay. All right. 805 85 1 0 5 1. I don't know where Lauren and them was going. I was just asking if someone had a wild, super sexual past, like really out there, could you ever take them seriously enough to marry?


That is the question. Now of course this conversation is, is everything that's going on in the headlines, we're just asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello? Who's this? Good morning. My name is Shaa. Okay, Shaa. What's up? What's your opinion? What's your thoughts? So I feel like if he got a pass, it is what it is. As long as he's not doing nothing against anybody. Well, or taking nothing up the we about to have a great time. So you can't say it's all in the past, but it's just one thing you don't like. It gotta be one or none. Yeah, he can't, yeah, he can't be doing nothing against nobody will. I'm not with that. Alright. But let's say he like to get defecated on you. Cool with that. Listen, I'm gonna crack jokes. I'm gonna really crack jokes on him.


He gonna feel bad. Gonna ride this out. That's Okay. Alright, thank you mama. We gonna crack jokes. Hello? Who's this? What's going on? Shahe from Jersey City. Shahe from Jersey City. What's up? What's your opinion brother? Alright, Lemme say good morning to y'all before I break it down. So check it out, right? I've been talking about relationships for 28 years and it's something that I've told many people in the past. When you look at the fact that we all have skeleton clauses, you can't necessarily judge the one right for the skeletons that they have been unless they're going to release those skeletons on you once you are entered into a relationship. The problem is a lot of people want to pass people for their past because they believe that that past will affect their future.


But we all have a past, we all have things we've done. We all have bodies on us, not body luck. You know, we know what you're talking about. We all have that on us. So a guy or a lady could come into a relationship expecting somebody to have a clean slate all the time and then think that that clean slate is something that they have to worry about and don't have to worry about. I explained to my wife when we got together, I don't care about the people you dealt with just as long as you have decreased outta your life when you get with me and nobody's synthesis when we are together, I Don't think it's more so about like how many bodies you got or like any of that. It is, it is, it's about the things that you do or that have done, have been done to you.


You know what Emini here. Like not, and, and we, not saying we, we expect you to have a clean sleep, but just saying, you know, if if it's some things that you done got into in the past that may affect your future. You know What I'm saying? Yeah. I'm with you. Everybody has had a past, right? We've, we all have past and, and, and having a past is not the bad part, right? Having partners is not the bad part, right? It's just certain things that you hear that I'm just not with it just is what it is. But even if that person was into it in the past, that might not make you do it. Like that's just something that was a kink that they had in their past relationship. Yeah. It is a kink that I'm just not with. I I could, this is the thing. Yeah. People always feel like if I say I'm not with it that I'm judging. No, I'm just not with it. It's just not for me.


That doesn't mean it's not for you or not for the next person, but no, I'm not with it. But you not with anything envy. You don't like nothing. So what? But look fine with me. But look though, what, what if, what if one of the kinks, right? What if one of the kinks says, yo, your dude Lauren used to like, to, you know, do threesomes with another man. Oh no. What Emini here. And that happened a a lot of times. No, I can't, I can't date a bi men. I don have nothing against by men, but I That's just you. No, no, no. But that, but that's the thing. But look, that's the thing. What if he's saying like, yo, I'm not bi. I just used to do that sexually. Like that was just my preference. Like that was like a kink. I had, I used to like the to know, you know, the the take my, stick it in.


Yo you know what Emini here. And then after that, you know, he go about his business. I don't even think about him after that. You know, it's just when we in the bed, That's not a, okay. I That's it's, that's Not a kink, but it's just Sexual. But it's just sexual past. Like, if that's what you were into, I it is cool. That's you. But maybe that's not something that I want to deal with for the rest of my life or something that I don't want to think about it. It is what it is. Hello. Who's this? And he Marshall. Marshall. Good morning. Good morning. We are talking about dealing with somebody's sexual past. If they had a wild sexual past, could you look past it? Past n no way. It'd be like a bad dream. It'd be in the back of my mind 24 7. Be like Groundhogs Day, all over Groundhogs Day.


See, It'd be in the back of my mind 24 7. Okay. Couldn't get past it. And I'm, I'm, I'm with it. There's certain things that I would think about all the time, right? And, And I don't wanna bring up the Diddy case, but I'm bringing up the Diddy case. But like some of the things that you hear later on in life, I still ha like, we're still a family. I I would have to, I would think about it all the time. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. And then I would think literally, and I'm a Virgo, so I would compare myself like, damn, am I not freaky enough? Like should I be trying to do these things? Is that what you lie? Like, I don't know. I'm sorry, That's not hearing about Diddy's escapades and him rubbing money, but not who had to look at yourself and say, when I was with him, was I not freaky enough? That's what, Not me, I'm, suck me Diddy. No.


Like what? But but then also that escort we heard if there's if, if you had to hire people for that, right? How many did you hire? How many do we not know? And I know, and then it's like when you gotta compare yourself to Big Punisher and all these other people, I'm, I'm great. Don't call that man big pun. Like, I thought it was the Punisher. It's Literally just punishing y'all. Not Like I'm, Don't do that. I didn't Know your feelings was hurt by Diddy, you know, stepping out. What Are you talking about man? Because I'm, what's the moral of the story, Jess? What's the moral of The story? Yo, the more the moral of the story is, is it depends. It, it really depends. You don't know. 'cause listen, I heard something about some guy, right? Who used to like to take pictures of every guy, every girl that he had sex with at the after they were done.


Mm. Like I guess he would ejaculate, he would like to take pictures and he would keep them right? Like keep as a souvenir of I guess their law of sexual encounter or whatever. He don't, he stopped doing it down the line, but that's something that he used to do. That's creep as hell to me. I'm gonna always feel like you're like a a, a serial creep after that. I can't get with that. So it depends. All right, well when we come back, we got the latest with Lauren. Yeah, we do. We gonna get into Justin Bieber. He just had a whole meltdown with the paparazzi and some Father's Day things. We gonna talk about it. Wow. We'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fish. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest On you. The latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Alright y'all. So Justin Bieber had a rough Father's Day after he ran into some paparazzi. He was out in Malibu. Let's take a listen. I Don't there about standing around here. You know Justin, we're in the sidewalk.


I'm a dad, I'm a husband. It's not clocking to you that I'm standing on business. Is it? We're in the sidewalk. Justin. I don't give a, if you're on the sidewalk, I'm a human being. You're standing around my car at the beach. You know what I'm saying? You don't think I'm a real guy, do you? You're gonna take this video outta context. You're gonna say I'm mad. I don't know who the paying you to provoke me, but I'm not the fucking one. Okay. Paying me. Stop provoking me and I'm a real dad, a real husband, a real man. Alright Joe, so don't do this to me. I don't care that you're on the sidewalk. I don't care what kind of dirty work. Clearly you're here for an alternate agenda. Why would you want be here to provoke me like this? This isn't love.


You're not provoking Jesus. Y'all are on some real weird, alright dude, because I'm not gonna stand around here and let this happen. No sir. No way. Now Justin Bieber's gotta learn, right? I do. He's been in this industry for 20 plus years right now he has to learn that the paparazzi will do anything to get a reaction. And at some point you just gotta, you gotta stop giving them the power. Like they feed off the drama and they feed off of this. This is not gonna stop them. This is gonna make them do it even more to get these reactions, to get these clicks, to get these likes. We reward people for this nasty behavior. Meaning they're gonna put it on their, their Instagram, their TikTok, and gonna get paid off of this. You know What they do? They go crazy online. They Gonna go right back and do it again. Yeah, but Justin Bieber is not shot.


This is not his first time telling paparazzi off. He's done it before. But I think the issue is, is that right now there's so much surrounding Justin Bieber, like he's out at Coachella. People like, oh, he partying too much. They're accusing him of doing drugs. People are, there's been reports that you know, he's financially not in the best place. And that was like stemming from like 2022. Remember he sold his catalog? Yep, yep, yep. TMZ did a whole documentary breakdown saying that basically he was super broke. There's other reports that he lost, like $90 million on the tour. They be saying his marriage is in shambles. So people are waiting to see him do something like this and he doesn't miss all that. And then We don't know what else that he's going through. You know what I'm saying? Like, we don't know. He did just have a baby, which is like a, a great, beautiful, you know, for him to become a dad.


'cause he seem like to be really excited about that. But we don't know if everything in his marriage is right. We don't know what's going on with his family. We don't know where his mental space is at right now. You know what, Emini here. And so I think it's just to the point where a lot of times, man, these people will be snapping. They do, but you know, you can't give 'em the power. You know who the, and, And I don't wanna say it, but you know who is some of the best kids out there when it comes to it? Who? Diddy. Sonos. Oh yeah, yeah, They the papa and All that. When they out that courtroom and people be yelling at 'em saying all types of wild stuff, they don't even look, they keep their mind straight to the car. Get in the car and straight. And I love that. That's what they should do. But He might, go ahead Justin. My thing is they have a lot of them they, it's a lot of them. They got brothers, sisters, it is a bunch of them. I only see B, but we only see B.


Do we even have any siblings? Like does he have like a foundation, like a good team, A covering? You know what, Emini here? Yep, yep, Yep. Well, I will say too, so after this it made fans even more concerned because he then started posting a series of text messages between him and like a friend and and his text. He says, I will never suppress my emotions for someone. Conflict is a part of my relationship. If you don't like my anger, you don't like me. My anger's response to pain. I have been through asking a traumatized person not to be traumatized is simply mean. The person responded. I'm not used to someone lashing out at me. It's not that I don't see or feel your anger. Anger. Justin Ber said this friendship is officially over. I will never accept a man calling my anger lashing out. I enjoyed our short-lived friendship. I wasn't kidding when I told you I don't need you as a friend.


I have good friends who respect my boundaries. Then he says, please leave me alone. And he blocks the person. Then he calls them the P word and the person asks. He said, oh, I'm a P word. So people just, I don't know, I think can't give him That energy. Then he posted this. Yeah, so he posted these text messages. Yes. Yeah. You can't give him that energy. Emini here it, it's, the more energy you give them, the more they gonna be out there. Now that's the latest with Lauren. Now I know you got a Drake story we'll do later on. And also I gotta remind you guys 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I gotta remind you, my car show July 19th is in Virginia, Hampton, Virginia. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets kids five and under or free. But we're starting to mix off with Tupac this morning.


All right? Today is Tupac's birthday, so call me up right now. Let me know your favorite PAC joint and we're gonna get on some PAC joints this morning. All right? So whatever you want to hear. Old classic street. It doesn't matter. I got it clean. We'll get it on for you this morning. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now, reminding you guys this weekend, Juneteenth, I'm doing an event first at the American Dream Mall. Me and Lauren are actually doing an event. We are on a panel. And then after that I'm heading out to Queens, Roy Wilkins Park. I'm gonna be DJing in Queens. It's a free event, so bring the family, bring the kids on out. There's gonna be junkies. I got some special invited guests that's gonna be coming out during my DJ set that's gonna be performing.


So it's gonna be a lot of fun. I'll start saying some of them names this week. So salute to everybody that's out here. And we got a salute to Memphis. Bleak for joining us today. That's what's up, man. All right. Now where you gonna be this weekend, Jess? I'm gonna be in Buffalo, New York at the Helium Comedy Club, so make sure y'all get y'all tickets for that. And then when I leave here, I have to go to my dad's on the green golf outing, man. We're honoring 50 fathers in the DMV today. Shout out to the top golf in Baltimore City, man and the More Love Foundation. Me and my husband started a foundation where we, we helped serve the underserved communities. And so this is gonna be our first official event. We wanna make it an annual thing. But yeah, dad's on the green starts at 10:00 AM so we can't wait to see these 50 fathers.


Man, we can't wait. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Jess, you got a positive note? Yes. If you keep doing what you do, don't worry about nobody else and what they do. Okay, Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done


Future Health Weight Loss WA Ozempic but can't afford thousands a month. You need Wegovy for $399. All in no hidden fees. The only FDA approved GLP one for weight loss at the lowest price. Yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective, wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time, no insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While Future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com future without the e Future Health weight loss Data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not healthcare services provider meds are prescribed providers discretion.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


When you're driving. Nothing's better than a suspenseful podcast, but when you wanna save on gas drama's the last thing you want. That's why Marathon makes it easy to save. With marathon rewards earning you at least 5 cents a gallon in rewards with every fuel up and saving you up to a buck a gallon plus, signing up is easy. Do it at the pump or marathon rewards.com. So start saving with rewards from Marathon. Don't miss the Thomas Red Veteran Boot Store this summer Fueled by marathon and participate in locations, terms and conditions apply.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.