
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows, and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund the home renovation. Pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The God Peace to the Planet is Monday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What is happening? How was y'all weekend? Good morning. What's up Jess? What's up? How was your mom's wedding? It Was good. That was the first time I'd ever been a maid of honor. Okay. So it included a speech and everything. All right. And yo, you know, you would think that, 'cause I be on stage all the time or whatever, I'm not scared to talk in front of people. And I wasn't scared. It's just that I didn't know that came with the job of being, you know, a made of aunt.


It should be easy. So yeah. It, it is. It was easy talking Positive about your moms. It Was most definitely easy, you know, talking positive about my mom. Yes. And, you know, and the fact that, you know, she found love again. That's dope. I'm happy. Oh, did you cry? Yeah. I didn't even think that I was, but I cried. I think because it was just like, because Whitney's are beautiful. Seen her, it's Love and just, yeah, that's what it was. But I did not think I was going to, but I did. And You like the new the new guy. Yeah. Yes. So boy, you could, I hope you, I'll never play poker with you. Why? Yo Lord, that mercy. My goodness. Jesus Christ. Oh my Goodness. But yes, my son looks so good.


Like Ash, I, I can't wait to show on the pictures when, when we do get the T on. Yes. I seen no pic ash. I saw Pic hin and Idol. I know. Looking like the stud sisters. Yeah. I was like, how about Definitely would have pride under that picture. Oh my goodness. Rome was in there trying to get with everybody. It was just, it was wild. It was fun though. We had a fun time. So, you know, shout out to my mom. My goodness. I'm happy that you happy girl. Dope, dope, dope. That's, Well, we, That's how I said Red. Yes. Wapa. That's right. This weekend was the Puerto Rican Day parade. And, and You're Dominican. How did that work out? I amm not Dominican, I'm not Puerto Rican, but I had to DJ one of the float. So I was DJing one of the floats who was on the float with me, Trina was on float with the Whole Puerto Ricans. Not a stitch of Puerto Rican, black Trina.


Justine, black Trina. Okay. Justina Valentine. She can pass depending on her hair colors. White, black, white. All conceited Definitely ain't Okay. Short, Black coed little Coed. Okay. Black Co. He look Cuban. Yeah, he do. Okay. What else? That was it. Yeah. Nobody on that. Nah, nah, nah. That was, that was a couple others. A gentleman who won America's Next Top Talent. I think it was whatever show he was on it. And Nika, that was his name. Okay. Did you even invite Red, who's all bought up? Right? He's Puerto Rican. Eli's is working on digital team. He's Puerto Rican. Did you even invite them? Do you know how those float Work? You only have two passes. Right? So I had security 'cause I, my, it's 1,000,001 people out there.


Yes, yes. And Logan came Logan, The Puerto Rican. Logan looks Dominican. Yes. So, So we was out there. We had a great time though. So Salute to Everybody was the Glen House float. It was, it was a long day, but we had a lot of fun. So salute to everybody we seen on the parade route. So two Dominicans, you and Logan, and then a bunch of black people, Puerto Rican. And then they Had, I don't like that representative. That's Some Italian season in there. Just seen the Valentine. But it was a good time. We had a great time on that float. That's right. I spent half of the weekend with Whiplash. I got rear ended on Friday. Wow. What was his Name? Dude hit me from the back. Wow. What was his name? And by the way, that's why you got, I'm glad they passed these phone laws all over the country because I, there's no way if somebody is completely stopped in a yield, 'cause you know you gotta wait for traffic.


There's no way to get rear-ended like that unless you're just not paying no attention whatsoever. Wow. Damn. Did you get his name? Of course. Okay. He, How bad was it? It wasn't a hit And run. It wasn't that bad. Emini here. It wasn't bad for me. His, his car. Because you used To it. They used to it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I guess. Yeah. I could take it from the back. I know. But yeah, it wasn't that bad for me. I bet it just, I never felt whiplash before. So I had that for like, yeah. 36 hours. Oh wow. That's 'cause You didn't know that on, That's what I think it was too. Yeah. Did you go to the hospital? You damn right. I went to the hospital. Not right after that though. Did you? Not right after. Yeah, that's right. But I went later 'cause it's, I guess the adrenaline stuff. Didn't have me feeling no pain. But then later on that day I started feeling pain. So I went to the hospital later. How big Was it? The car. I'm glad You're Okay. His car, he had like a, I think it was a Nissan something, one of 'em little Nissan trucks.


I was so small. Oh, okay, okay. You used to bigger. Alright, Let's It hit hard. It definitely hit hard. Hard. Well I'm glad you're Okay because you know the thing about getting hit from the back, you know what I'm saying? You at least wanna be able to take a breath and be prepared for it. Mm. You know, just want, you know, you can't just let somebody do it. When he hit you was you like, ah, I was on the phone actually and the person heard it. Oh my god. Yeah. And the person was like, what was that loud game You by yourself hopefully. Yeah. Thank God. Thank Absolutely. Absolutely. Alright, Well let's get the show cracking. Sherry Shepherd will be joining us this morning. Hey, she's in the new Netflix film Straw. So we'll be kicking with show the Number Shepherd the number one film on Netflix. You know, Taraji was here Friday. You know, that's a Tyler Perry film. She was here Friday talking about it and it's been number one on Netflix all weekend.


That's Right. It's really good y'all. So y'all should watch it if y'all get a chance. All right. And then Lauren London is broadcasting live from La Lauren London. London. I, Lauren London. Lauren la I was gonna say Lauren Osa is broadcasting live from LA That's right. From the BET award. So we'll be kicking it in with her in a little bit. But let's get the show cracking. Front page news is next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now, last night, OKC beat the paces 1 23 to 1 0 7. That se the series is tied one one. The next game I believe is on Tuesday. So, and as I keep telling y'all, Tyree, Halliburton gotta do more if y'all gonna be having these conversations about him being the face of the league and all this other stuff you gotta do.


But you can't have five points after three quarters, bro. Right? No. Well, good morning, Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. Happy Monday. Well, I wanna believe that it's a happy Monday, but there is a lot going on. First on front page, y'all National Guard troops are on the ground in Los Angeles, California, following anti-ice protests. Now, president Trump deployed 2000 members of the California National Guard in a sharp, in a move sharply criticized as inflammatory and unnecessary by both California Governor Gavin Newsom and La Mayor Karen Bass. Now over the weekend, Trump said he's ready to enforce law and order as anti ice protests continue. The president spoke briefly on his way to camp David at, on Sunday as he was boarding Air Force one. We saw him trip, right?


But saying that he will hold protestors accountable. Let's take a listen to that audio if you can. Emini here again, it's at the airport. We see danger to our country and to our citizens. We'll be very, very strong in terms of law and order. It's about law and order. You have violent people and we're not gonna let them get away with it. So G California, governor Gavin Newsom criticized the move again, calling it purposefully inflammatory. La Mayor Karen Bass says the situation in Los Angeles is about an agenda. Now she made those comments also on Sunday, on the third day of the protest. Let's take a listen to her comments. But we need to be real about this. This is about another agenda. It's not about public safety.


There's clearly no plan and there is clearly no policy when you raid Home Depot and workplaces, when you tear parents and children apart. And when you run armored caravans through our streets, you cause fear and you cause panic. I'll tell you one thing, Trump really wasted no time doing the worst of everything folks thought he would like. You can't put the military on protesters. Did I miss something? Were they, were they not being peaceful? Because I didn't hear about any ruckus or violence until the National Guard showed up. I did see one video, I, I guess it was a protester throwing rocks or bricks at causes as, I guess they were agents when they were driving by. Did you see that video, Morgan? Yeah. Yeah. And I also saw, But did that call for the National Guard?


You know, it, it, it got, yeah it got, it got very volatile over there. But to your point, Emini here, but this isn't the first time he's done this. He did this, you know, back in 2020 following the death of George Floyd and the protests that happened here in Washington DC So he's no stranger to calling his own military, his own the National Guard in for protestors, as you said, peaceful protestors at that. So, but yeah, Christy Noam, Homeland Security secretary Christie Noam basically said that the National Guard was brought in for public safety. So that's what they essentially said it was for. But I'm not gonna get too much into that. We can continue the conversation at 7:00 AM Yo, you guys, there's so much more to talk about regarding, It is amazing to me that all of that is happening in LA right now and folks are just out there for the BET awards.


Like life is normal. Like, like things are just normal. Like the backdrop of LA is in the National Guard being, you know, sicked on protestors. No, for real. Alright, well at is front page news. We'll see you next album Morgan And indeed Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was, what you did again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is.


We lie. Hello? Who's this DJ And no Relation. What's up brother? Get it off your chest bro. I Talking about these puppies man. I heard you talking about they pooping all over the place. Yeah, I got two puppies. They ain't pooping all over the place but they puppies, puppies is doing puppies things. Yeah, My wife and my son wanted to get a dog and they've been impressing me by this for like a couple weeks now. And hearing you talk about it made me realize that nah, I shouldn't get these dogs because all that work gonna fall on me and they don't wanna do nothing. As long as, you know, when they first come in, everybody wants to play. But like yesterday it was raining, you know, had to get out there in the rain and and walk the dogs and clean up the poop. Me, everybody looked at me at the window so I would advise you really think about it.


If you don't want that extra work then don't do it. And I got two Oh oh no, I thought about it. I ain't doing It. Smart man. Charlamagne does. Yeah, I'm right here. What's up King? Oh, What's going on Charlamagne? Morning. Morning Mor. Just, just Sir, what's that? Oh, what's going on Charlamagne? The evidence, the evidence is stacking up against you Charla man, you definitely a power bottom. I would never be a power bottom. I would be a power top sir. Okay. No, Lemme tell you why, lemme tell you why you said that. You don't fart in your clothes. Right. Don't fart in my clothes. Nope. Yeah that's probably because you got loose booty syndrome that that's and been hollering you at. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. No, if I had, if I had loose booty syndrome, I would fart in my clothes.


You know, don't fart in your clothes. Exactly. Hey y'all have a good day man. Oh, I'm on sir. Hey, blow that horn. Goodbye sir. Hello? Who's this? Yo, it's B Mont from the Metro B Mont. What up bro? 8 0 3. What's happening? Listen, don't you 8 0 3 me today bro. When are you graduating from Fair East Side High School. Right? Fair East Side. He Never graduated. I'm the Principal At this Point. Inquire. No, no you are not the principal. You are a student. You are a student sir. Just as the principal and inquire reminds me to know. Oh I know that's right. I'm gonna keep him.


I'm gonna keep him head for a long time. I'm gonna keep him head. See, look, look, I guess, I guess he don't got no answers Jess. But you know I'm gonna leave it up to you. You gonna be the ultimate decider whether he graduates or not. And if you feel like he deserves to graduate, you deck him out on a nice cap and gown. Right? And it'll need to be on IG and Breakfast Club YouTube so we know it's real. I've been graduated from Fair Eastside High valedictorian. Top of the class. What are you talking about? You are not a valedictorian, sir, you went to night school, stop lying to people. That was back then and that wasn't fair. Eastside High School, That was Berkeley High School. Most going to South Carolina. What's happening Exactly. You in a new high school and you need to find your way up out of this. Crazy.


He got it. Yeah. This Is wild. And then what you gonna do with your life? This ain't about me. This is about you. You better worry about your own graduation sir. Man, listen. I'm good. I'm just trying to look out for myself. Carolina brother, you need to be better sir. No, I have a good be my God. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club man. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051.


Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? Yes, how you doing dj? This is Stacey. Hey, what's up Stacy? No good Morning to all of y'all. And yo Charlemagne, I just wanna say thank you so much because you have my back. Okay sir. I'm just a cool dude trying to share my talent with everybody but DJ it be like, what the hell? Like, because DJ Got a queer eye. Sorry Stacey. Yeah, he got a queer ear. I just said happy gay. That's Yo, but yo, you know what though? Oh, good morning, Jess. Laura la. Good morning. Wait, but wait, lemme just clear the air, okay, because now my wife wanna divorce me.


Why? And nah, I'm just playing. I Okay, Just say, see I'm an idiot. I'm an idiot. But no, listen, sometimes I feel like a nut, sometimes I don't. So I'm not, listen, I'm not. I am not. I'm just me. Period. So, but no, I wasn't mad at anything. I actually love y'all. This made me love the show even more. Thank you Stacy. So No thank you. No thank y'all so much. I'm not gonna keep up y'all Tom, but no thank you because y'all just got me blowing up all over the place. I here my thing, I don't care what your sexuality is, Stacey, you make good cupcakes. That's all that matters. And you're a good Person. Thank you. And no, and now everybody's hitting me up, so I appreciate y'all.


Wait, say that again. They Hitting them up with for different things, man. I said tell no listen, cupcakes. I'm so blessed. Like, yo, y'all. Yo, I, I feel like I made it and I'm not even a celebrity like so. No thank you. Yes, no love Stacy. Y'all did a whole 30 minute segment on me. Y'all made my day. If I die tomorrow I die. Happy. Stop. Well, we Don't want you to die, stop Stacey. But we do want people to go out there and support Stacey's famous cupcakes. And if you just joining us and don't know what happened, DJ Envy wished Stacey a happy pride. And Stacey is not of that community. I don't, he envy just assumed Stacey was, you been Saying happy Dominican Day and I'm not Dominican. No I didn't. Yes you dude, you are Dominican. See? Well Stacey, we appreciate you But thank y'all so much.


Tell Him how to get the cupcakes Stacey, tell 'em how to get 'em. Okay, so if you want some of my famous Vesty cupcakes, nah, they not zesty, but you can go on Emini here. You can Just say me up. Just call me. It's nine two nine two five one zero six zero seven nine two nine two five one zero six zero seven. And I deliver everywhere in New York City. Even in New Jersey. I don. And give Your Instagram Stacy. I don gimme your Instagram. Oh Instagram. Instagram is, oh damn. I don't be knowing that by heart. I'm sorry. My Instagram is Stacy's famous cupcakes on TikTok. It's stacy's stacy's famous.com.


That's right. So no, thank you so much Charlamagne. 'cause you have my back, Jess. Hilarious. You said I sound a little zesty too, so I don't know. No Emini here. Just a Little With DJ Emini here. I get it, I get it. I do sound like SpongeBob sometimes, so I get it. Well happy Men's Mental Health Month Stacey. Yes. Love you. And See here we charlamagne. You my guy. Charlamagne, you're my guy. Yes Sir. Stacey, we Love you Stacey. No, but thank you. Love y'all so much. I told you I love you too bro. I wasn't even listening that day And I woke up And I was like, yo, I woke up to phone calls like, yo, they talking about you on the radio. I'm like, what? Me? Yeah. So yeah. So thank you Mv. Hey welcome Stacey. Alright, bye. Have A shut up.


He's no Yet. Now my wife laugh Because Emini, here I am. Who I am. Like what? Stop Playing Stacey. Oh man. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la.


Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. Hmm. Good morning y'all. Good morning. Morning Live from la. It's LA Cool Bay. Lauren Osa. Yes it is. It's early here. It's early over here. But let's get on into the BET awards 'cause they're happening tonight And that is why I'm in la. We've been doing the media room for the last 48 hours, so we've been talking To how you feeling about it? Yeah, she been outside. You can tell from a voice she been out. Yeah, Y'all, I've never talked to this much People in my life. Like by the end of day two I was like low key like delirious. I was like, y'all can we just, yeah, I know You ain't complaining about talking. Swear. That's right. Right up your alley. I swear. 30 people. I swear Lauren, get the run mouth all day.


I swear to God y'all. I was like, honestly it's a lot. I wish somebody was here to tell me. Shut up Jess, where were you? Oh no, no, no, no. But it was good though. Like BET. It's been really good. The second day of the, of the radio room, we talked to a lot or media room. We talked to a lot of different people. First day was good as well too. But second day was my, my favorite. But let's get on into some clips because we talked to a ton of people. First up, Jermaine Dupree, we talked to him about 1 0 6 and Park and the creation or not of 1 0 6 and Park because they are celebrating 25 years at the BET Awards tonight it is now 2025 and people have the conversation about 1 0 6 and Park because of what it meant to us in our homes. Did you know when you presented that idea that 25 years later we would be talking and and holding it the way that we did?


No, because you create and when I said another award show, another award season for you are a part of so many big iconic moments. Yeah, But this probably Emini here for me in Soso death. This is probably one of the biggest, because I said Bow Wow came out in 2000, 2000 if I'm not Yeah, bow Wow. Came out in 2000. So this was like, this was the birth of Bow Wow. And you know, the life of him, his whole life was seen and raised on you. BET and 1 0 6 and five. Y'all watched him actually grow up from like 11 years old to the age years now, You know, something tells me that tonight on that, that BET stage, whoever really created 1 0 6 and Park will get the credit for creating 1 0 6 and Park.


And I don't think it's gonna be Jermaine. Yeah, Bowa actually posted when, when, when these clips was going viral. Remember when Jermaine Debre was having this conversation before and people was like pissed off that he said that Bowa had to actually tweet it and said JD and create 1 0 6 and Park Stop the Cap. Steven Hill, Rick Grimes and all the great people in the BET office and staff created that show. All I did was capitalize off of what they created and made it mine. I would know I am Mr 1 0 6. I would never take away from someone's creativity. So the Story for people that don't know is Jermaine Dupris said he sent the idea to Steven Hill, correct? Yes. And that's how it was created Park. And and even after Bowa came out with this, with this tweet, Jermaine Dupree had then ca came back out again and basically said that what he meant was e he in conversation helped to formulate what we, the idea of it came.


Yeah. The idea of 1 0 6 and Park and then Bow Wow. Entered the show years later because people were pushing back on it. But yes, We'll find out the name. We will because that tribute tonight on the BET awards, it is gonna be like a a, a whole thing performances. They're gonna bring the different renditions of 1 0 6 and park, including Bow Wow. AJ free all, all of these people. So we, we will definitely see who created it and we'll get to relive the, some of the iconic moments from the show. Can't wait for that. That's what's up. Yeah, it's gonna be fire. Now another conversation I had during, you know, my experience here. I, I sat down and talked to Tamar about the big back Cadillac. Hey Lonnie. Well my baby, what'd she say?


The comments that she made about Lonnie Love. Let's take a listen. Well, we ain't got that. Okay. Well you, You got all our staff out there. Everybody, all those staff is with you in la So how, what, what we supposed to have here In the meantime, we can go to Jim Jones because y'all know Jim Jones friend of the room, right? Jimmy Jim literally in the radio room was making rounds and someone text me and said, yo Sierra just pulled up on Jim Jones.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowes Premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota Let's go places.


It has some words with him about Chrissy. He was talking to DJ Self and Ivy Rivera for other power 1 0 5 1 family. Let's take a listen to Sierra and what she said to Jim Jones. Why not like y'all have like lived life in every capacity. Anyone could live in it. You live in like you've already done it. So let's just sell it proper. Sell it proper because you know what? He deserves it. You deserve it. Why not? Like I look at y'all and I'm like, they're so you so fly. Chrissy is so beautiful and so dope and she holds you down like down, down, down.


Like this is a spirit talking through me right here. I'm just saying like, I just, I saw you And I got excited because I love you aren't making me into music and but you meant to me coming up. And also when I see y'all like from a love perspective, y'all like talk so many people, it's fine. I think that was the internet talking through Sierra, not no Spirit, because that's a huge assumption on her part. Like what if Jim and Chrissy don't want to be married? They Already got that understanding. Like, So lemme get this straight. They were interviewing Jim Jones and Sierra's walking by, seen em and just hopped on. Yes. So they were interviewing Jim Jones and that is exactly what happened. Sierra saw the interview and decided, decided to come on in and actually in the beginning of the interview, watch the full clip.


She says, y'all I know I'm coming in hot. But basically like she felt like she needed to get that off her chest. And she did. Jim didn't Respond. Jim didn't say nothing. Oh, he res No, he did respond in the interview, but he was very respectful with it. He just basically told her like, you know, I, I appreciate what you're saying now let me give you your flowers. But more directly. When I spoke to Jim Jones, I asked him about the moment and you know, he talked about his response. Let's take a listen to Jim Jones talking to me now Jim, I got word over here that Sierra ran down on you. Yeah, she did. Wow. How was that Emini here? I felt, I felt like I got scolded by somebody that was younger than me. Nah, it was good though. It was good. It was a great piece of advice, honestly. I needed that encouragement.


I needed to hear that. Especially for somebody who's active in preaching what she's teaching. You know what Emini here, like a lot of people have so many different opinions and they nowhere near, you know what Emini here. Yeah. Marriage or in any type of great relationship or any position to give me any type of advice on what I should be doing in my situation. And my situation has been going better than a lot of things that have been going on out here. So, And I ain't pointing no fingers, I'm just comfortable in what I'm doing. Like he said when, when Chrissy proposed, he said, I'm with you Emini here and he still with you so it's all right. You know, maybe, maybe they don't want merge. Maybe Chrissy don't want that no more. Maybe.


Well I did try to push him on like, okay, so do we have a date now and let's take a listen to what he said. We gonna get an invite to a wedding. Yeah, this summer. Soon. Soon, soon. As soon as we get it together, everybody get an invite. Soon as we get it together. Everybody, Every invite get invites. I'm with you. Yeah. How you asking him if there's a date when he get the question just happened 10 seconds ago. Crazy. Do you remember the year Chrissy proposed envy? I Remember the episode I don It was like 20 11, 20 12. It was 2011. So what does that mean, Lauren? That's a long time ago. I feel like if they was going have a date by now that they wanted to publicly put out there, he would've at least known how to throw me a ti a time range. So either they don't wanna discuss if discuss it had Date here, wouldn't have had to roll up on him and say That Lauren. Right? No. May I think honestly, I feel like with them maybe it's something that they just don't want us to know or something.


Like what if they're, what if they've already done this? You would know, because I'm sure you did your Googles and I'm sure you went to a court doc all that already. It would be public knowledge. Yeah. Well in New York it's a little bit difficult, but We'll, Cc tried. See I knew it dropped. No, I did not. Not to know. Not here. Not while I'm trying to get the rest to come on here and talk to y'all. But anyway, we, we don't have time for another clip, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna remind you guys and then maybe we'll not, maybe we, we'll bring this back in the next hour. 'cause I do want y'all to hear what Tayor had to say. Nice to Lonni love after she made those comments, but about a big back Cadillac. But tonight, Monday, June 9th, the BET awards go down at 8:00 PM Eastern Standard Time.


Kevin Hart is gonna be hosting, Hey, we talked about the 1 0 6 and Park re that's gonna go down, but also like Lil Wayne's performing, Tiana Taylor, gorilla, Leon Thomas, Playboy, Cardi in a and a whole lot of other people. And I'll be backstage actually at the awards doing some content. So we'll, we'll get some of that as well too. Okay. Alright, Lauren, be safe out there. Wait, I'm not going nowhere where You could be back next hour. I'm just saying be safe out there. We'll see you next hour. All right. I gonna say I get to go Sleep. No, no, no. Everybody else, we got front page news and then Sherry Shepherd will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news.


Now, yesterday was game two of the NBA finals OKC beat the Pacers 1 23 to 1 0 7. Does Indiana win another game? I don't think so. I I, It it when OK C's locked in, like it's like night and day. They not even on the same planet as the paces, but it's really up to the OKC and their focus. Yeah, I don I don't think so, but we'll see what happens. What up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. So the conversation on ice raids and immigration continues. Former vice president Kamala Harris says she's appalled by what is taking place in Los Angeles, California saying the Trump administration's actions are about stoking fear and not about public safety. In case you missed it, there has been a ice protest in Los Angeles that have been erupting over the weekend.


And Harris in a social media statement that deploying the National Guard was a dangerous escalation meant to provoke chaos. She went on to add that along with recent ice raids in southern Southern California and nationwide. The move is part of the Trump administration's cruel calculated agenda to spread panic and division. But as of right now, so downtown Los Angeles has been declared an unlawful assembly with police ordering anti ice protestors to leave the area immediately as of late yesterday evening. So of course I will keep you updated on that. Switching gears and well, still on the topic of immigration, there's even been reports of TikTok, star, Kabi lame, you know the guy who's most known for not saying a word in his video and he tends to do hand gestures like, like that?


No. Well, he's an Italian national by way of Senegal and he's actually been deported after overstaying his visa, so, damn. Yeah. Yeah, but you know what, man, when they, when they say cases like that, you know, people get outraged, but it's like he did overstay his visa. Yeah. So if you know that you're dealing with an administration that is super strict on that type of stuff, you gotta be on top of that type of business, right? That's like, that's like driving with a suspended license, knowing your license suspended or you know your passport by something. You, you, that's up, that's up to you to fix. Then when you get pulled over, you like, Oh man, Yeah, man, that, that's up to you to fix Emini here. It's, you know, it sucks, but yo, you gotta stay on top of your business. There are rules Speaking on, of staying on top of the business of immigration.


The man who was mistakenly deported to El Salvador and became a flashpoint of President Trump's immigration policy is back in the United States to face criminal charges. A US Attorney General Pam Bondy says, Kmar Abrego Garcia will be charged with human trafficking. Let's take a listen to her comments. The grand jury found that over the past nine years, Abrego Garcia has played a significant role in an alien smuggling ring. Thousands of illegal aliens were smuggled. This is especially disturbing because Abrego Garcia is also alleged with transporting minor children.


Yeah. So Abrego Garcia was sent to prison in El Salvador from Maryland on what? Trump on what the Trump administration originally said was an administrative error, but later said he was a member of the MS 13 gang. Now, Bondi said Abrego Garcia made over a 100 human smuggling trips into the US and will be returned to El Salvador once he's found guilty. Now, Abrego Garcia, of course, he was the rallying point for Democrats opposed to Trump's illegal immigration crackdown saying he was deported without due process. And it does appear that now he's getting that so-called due process. Yeah. You know what's interesting is how all weekend, that's been like a c or d story, but there was a time it was an a story, but now that he's back going through due process, the conversation doesn't seem as loud.


Why do we think that is? Is because they hit him with the human trafficking charges. And so now everybody that was, It's like they found something. So it's like, I don't know. So, so, so, so, so everybody taking a step back like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute now. Well, not Me, you know, I'm gonna definitely keep you, like I said, I'm gonna keep you posted, but I, I'm not sure why it doesn't Emini here. Maybe the bigger story right now is the, is the protest. The protest, you know, and, and, and addressing that. But the sad part about it is it's all relative. You know, it's like, it's all related. It's all of these stories are connected and, and, and the topic of immigration. So, but we can switch gears on that and talk about this upcoming military parade that's happening here in Washington DC though. So the Army is preparing for the largest military parade in Washington DC that has, has, that DC has seen in decades.


In an event President Trump has push, has been pushing since his first term in office. This will mark the Army's 250th birthday and also President Trump's birthday as well and Flag day. Let's take a listen to President Trump talk about this upcoming military parade on Saturday. I am thrilled to invite everyone to an unforgettable celebration, one like you've never seen before on Saturday June 14th, which is Flag Day. We are honoring the 250th anniversary of the greatest fighting force in history. The United States Army for two and a half centuries, the men and women of America's army have dominated our enemies and protected our freedom at home.


So the celebration is expected to bring seven pou 7 million pounds of hardware. And this week road and reinforcement has been underway in DC to protect the DD sum of DC's infrastructure. During the event, we do expect that there will be some damage, which I believe one, I'm not sure if it's the National Guard or someone agreed to pay for it. Nearly 7,000 soldiers are set to participate and the parade will take place on June 14th with dozens of tanks, fighting vehicles, Howard Sirs and Art, other artillery, artillery priests just wanna Wasteful spending. Wasteful spending. How much is that parade gonna cost? Now that's wasteful spending. Millions and millions.


But you know, it's, it's, it's kind of a stark contrast from the fact that we just had Pride weekend this, this past weekend and now this upcoming weekend. We, we can anticipate having this military parade in DC And if we got time for one more, I think we could have provide, And I wanna provide you guys with an update regarding this Elon Musk and Trump beef. So apparently President Trump is threatening serious consequences if tech billionaire Elon Musk begins funding Democrats. So he made those comments in an interview with NBC news amid a public feud, of course with Musk that took place over the last few weeks. Now, Trump said Musk will pay the price if he funds Democratic candidates to challenge Republicans to who support the GOP's.


Big so-called big beautiful Bill. And the President did not specify what those consequences would be, but he did go on to say that he doesn't have any intention of speaking with Musk, and he assumes his relationship with the billionaire is officially over, You know, back in February on Liberian Idiots podcast. You know, I was saying how you know Donald Trump and Elon Musk is, it's inevitable for them to have this type of falling out. But there's something in there that I told people I would un bleep when it happens. I ble I said what I think is gonna happen and then I I bleeped it on purpose. Boy, are we getting closer to me? Un bleeping it. Really? You, you just wait. Damn. You just wait. You said you Called it the prophetess The prophet. You'll see when I un bleep it. I see it coming.


Alright. Oh, pause. Alright, so that's your front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage you can follow the Black Information Network at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app And and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all. Have a good one. Thank you. Thank you so much. Alright, now when we come back, she Shepherd will be joining us. Of course. The new Netflix film store is out right now and we're gonna kick it with Sherri Shepherd when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law LA is here and we got a special guest in the building. We have she shepherd. Welcome back. Hey y'all, how You feeling? I'm so glad to be here, Lauren.


Hi. My admiration for you. It's like my baby hair is growing. It just grows every day for you. Thank you. When you follow me back on Instagram, I cried. Oh, are you serious? Like, not like ugly cry, but I was just, I called John And I was like, she just followed me back on Instagram. Like, oh my God, I really do admire you. You like an intelligent sister and you like you, you, you boss mode. Thank you. I thank you. I love that. Thank you. Like little brown girls look at you and go, I wanna be like you. Somebody just told Her that. Yeah, somebody just told her that Like literally three minutes ago. Yeah, Well God is trying to tell you something. I hear him. You better receive it. It then. But I hear him. Wasn't nobody ever do that to me. I never get confirmation. I was on my, I never get confirmation like that. I was on my way to tell you because okay, I, for me, I remember your trans, not the transition, but when you first stepped into the role on the show.


Right. And there was a lot going on and a lot being said it was, but you handled it really gracefully. What show now when she She show Look at you. It went from the Wendy Show to Sherry. She show, you know, you have your one supported you, but there was a lot of conversation that was happening. It was, it was. But the way that you handled it, I, I thought was you handled it very well. Thank you. You know, this season you life is too short. You got, you gotta know what energy you walking in and create your own energy. That's how it works. And it worked out. Where in your life did you learn that? Because it was loud. Yeah. But, but I think from being on the view, that's why I learned how to get the criticism because I learned, you know, joy Behar said when you open, you know when you have this kind of platform, when you open up your mouth, half The World is going to hate you.


That's right. So what you know, so you stop trying to chase validation because I would go on this site, it was a site called I hate talk shows. And I would go in there to see what they said about me and then they would say, oh, Sherry's doing this. She didn't even mention this. So I would mention it the next time. And they go, did you see how conceited she was when she mentioned this? You can't win. No. So I don't pay attention to Stop reading the comments. I know somebody had to pull your Phone, whoopy, Whoopi's like stop reading all that stuff. They don't care about you. So I stopped. But what I realized is nobody's sending me money to take care of my son. Yeah. Nobody is offering to help me when I'm going through it. Nobody, you got your diehards that to pray for you. So why am I listening to all this is chatter from people who probably, when they come at you on social media, they want to do what you're doing.


They just don't want to put in that work. That's what Kevin Hart says. And it's so true. Where Have you heard that from? Lauren. You Oh, okay. All the time. Okay. You never said that to me. Charlamagne. I know you said that. I never knew that was that Jeff was your motto for life. You do a lot of talking, but you never said that. But I'm the same way. I'm like, yo, stop reading the comments. Like Why don't Oh you the comments I don't go looking for the comments. Yes you do, but no I don't. Yes you do. But no I do not. You do. But every now and then you just wanna see what people, but I also like, for what I do, I have to kind of know what people are talking about. Why, what are the angles, what are the, the care, how we dive in and what I talk about. Yeah, you read them, but it's hard now you just have to be discerning. 'cause I read my comments because sometimes people are very, they have really good critiques.


Some people are commenting. Sheri, you talk a mile a minute. I can't understand what you're saying. Me too. So I learned to slow down. Yes. Then those people who go, you ain't cute. You ain't got no hips, you ain't got no, or you gonna, you know, you I don't pay attention to that. Yeah, because you, you look at it for what it is. You gotta have your own self worth. So you do, when it, it is just discern what is edifying, what is going to help you. Yes. The other stuff you throw out, it means nothing. Even your topics on your show. 'cause that was another thing as well too. Like people were upset when you talked about Meg thee stallion on the carpet and her Oh right, right. Being, you know, nude or whatever you called her. Right. And people respond to that. And when that happens, you are changing. And I was ready for that when I said that about Meg, I was ready for the backlash.


But I am a, I'm a, I'm a mother, I'm a woman. I mentor girls And I just go, at some point we have a responsibility. We have to speak up. And I love Meg thee stallion. I, I I love it. But I think that women are going too far and sometimes we forget that there are people who are watching us and they can't do what we do. They don't have security. They can't walk around and say I wanna do the same thing. So we also, we are our brother's keeper to whom much is given much is required. So I, I knew I was gonna backlash. They told me, you know, you're gonna get, And I said, but no, no, I got to stand up. I got this platform and it's really important that I say it and it you, if you listen to the context of what I said, people look at you 'cause you have a degree, you went and graduated, you didn't just let it go.


So you inspire girls to want to go to college, but also over here you inspire girls to wanna do this. And I named other women who do it too. So I got this platform for a reason And I know what it is And I try to use it wisely. And also You've grown. So being that you've grown, like people should listen to their elders. What happened to that? We used To listen, came before us. Nah, they don't do that now. They don't do that now. They like you old. You don't know. That was one of the pushback that's I was gonna ask you, like, I know you're intentional with the topics that you choose, but when you get pushback's, like, oh, this is a age thing, it's because you're older, she don't understand. She act like she didn't have her day. Like Right. Those type of things are, I have a lot of grace. I know we, you know, we, there were things that we did when we were young and you know, And I do, but also, you know what the assignment is, there's an assignment on your life, there's an assignment that you've been given and you gotta carry it out.


And it's just stuff that comes with this position that you're in. It is gonna come. You can't escape it. That's right. So just go. When you came in there today, you said your son just texted you and said, mom, I have offered school today And I have nothing to do. That's right. And he's 20 years Old. Yes. That's not what she said. Well see that is part what she said. That's get to what she really said. But Then you said that your son also said he wants to smoke, he wants to smoke some marijuana, some cannabis get High. Yes. Because that's what all everybody talks about at school. You know, they, they talk about that. And so he, he, that's one of his things. He came, I was doing my podcast with Ken Whitley, two funny mamas. He came, he was like, I wanna talk to you. And that's what they, he was going to the basketball center and he said, you know, when, when can I get high?


First of all, it's amazing that he came to you and, and feel comfortable to tell you I Love that he comes to That's amazing. I, to me. Yeah. And what did you tell him? But he comes to me And I don't know nothing like that's the problem. And he was just like, I'm a single mom. He was like, I, you know, I wanna, I I, when can I do this? And I was sitting here praying and speaking in tongues. And I said, when you 24, why 24? He asked me that when he was like 19 or 18. Why 24? That's just the number that came to my head. Envy I a single mother. Okay. You like, it's too much. Like, I still look at my son as like my baby of 14-year-old. So when he came and was asking these questions about where, you know, when can you go and see, you know, women dancing and stuff. And when I didn't know what club, yes. So I said 24. That's just the number that came to my head.


Okay. My, my, the person who does my hair, Theo, he has locks in his hair. So when my son saw him, he said, he immediately said, do you get high and stereotyping Profile, Profile to the, but here's what happened. Theo looked at him and was like, yeah, so, but so I said, well I want to have the experience of, I said, well maybe if they put the, the medicine to make you go to the bathroom, the diarrhea medicine in the brownie. That way when he does it, he'll, you know, just have diarrhea. He never, he won't wanna do it again. My God. That's what everybody say. Like you give him so much liquor that they get sick. No. Give him some sativa, some high grade sativa.


And what does that, what if he The kind that induces panic attacks and makes him so I don't wanna Have panic attacks with What? Emini here. He'll, n that will make him not wanna do it again. That not the Diarrhea. Then I gotta go to sleep. Wondering if my son going smother me. And I don't want him to have a panic. I just want him to diarrhea. Don't That Don. No, not the diarrhea. Think He'll fly. You'll see him on Madison Avenue trying to fly the Cars or something. Don't do that. The panic attack is what's gonna make him not wanna do it, I promise You. Okay. Panic attacks. I would do that. Yes. Yeah. Envy saying no. Lauren's saying no. When did you first get high? I You should do it. When I, when I first got high. Yeah. I think I was like, 18, 17. You Gotta wait till 24 Because that's the Look I am a single mom. This is hard. You don you not understand. I'm not a man.


This is where I get mad when I, I, I need some men to come in and help me because I don't know what to, what to say to him. I don't get high. Mm. So when he came to me and was saying that, I was just like, I didn't know what to say. Yeah. Now, I, I, the judgment. I don't like Charlamagne. That's why I was telling you. Well, When he's 24, me and Uncle Charlo take him to Atlanta Strip Club. Match City. No. Well, thanks a lot. Oh my gosh. We, we, we'll handle that Part. I'ma Just say, can y'all let 'em intern with y'all and then, and do what you will. I won't even look, I'll just close my eyes. Just, I bet you would never say that in bad boy records take. Wow. Actually that was a good one. It was real Quick too. Wow.


Wow. Does anybody have my subpoena on the court? Oh my God. We're Still kicking it with Sherry Shepherd. Lauren, what things do you deal with on your own, with your son that you're like, man, All of that. Trying to teach him how to be a man. I don't know how to be a man. 'cause I'm not a man. Mm. I I'm not, I don I don't espouse that belief of, you know, I can be everything for you. I can be, you don't need no daddy. You don't know. You need a man in your life. Right. A boy needs a man. Especially in this day and age. A young black boy needs a black man. 'cause man, what they do to my son, 'cause he's, I'm not allowed to say his name. He told me, don't talk about him. But what they do to my son is they say, look, look, go look at me in the eye. Shake my hand. Right. You know, gimme your deepest voice when you talk to me.


I don't know how to say that. What he gets from me now. He's like, you always like you keep nagging because I feel like I only got maybe 12 minutes to give him the rest of life's lessons. Mm. And he's like, you told me already. And so I think with mothers and boys, as they get older, there's a frustration. That's why they keep wanting to pull away. They, they're, they're longing from that male energy. So when he's around, when he's around my glam team, he likes being with them. 'cause they're just men. Are you dating? I'm single. So I'm just, I'm out here. I'm open, Open to I know your dms crazy. Yeah. The way, the way you Be. I never go on my dm. So I don't what I don I really don't go on my dms. 'cause the last time it was somebody that didn't have no finger. So it was missing his third digit. So I don't What happened.


What, Let me tell you one, I something that's a deal breaker when you're missing digits. I need, I need you to have a finger. How You know he didn't have no Fingers? Because he was in, I went to his, I went to his profile. Yeah. And I looked and he didn't have no finger. So, which finger though, could, He was the third finger. Not That you, you don't know if you really need your third finger until you got your third finger. Now, Sherry, what if this man was good looking, was, had a nice career, was a great man. He was gonna be the love of your life. And you, because 'cause you don't got a finger. He don't have a finger. That, that just, that's a big deal. Not having a finger. 'cause you need all 10 of your fingers. Do you? I'm just saying Emini here. I'm happy I got one. If you wanna caress my neck and you ain't got that finger, this partner, I could feel, I feel emptiness. But That's only on one hand though.


Right. I, I didn't, you know what, what, once I saw the finger was missing, Lauren, I just didn't stay. Got You. That was God testing you. God testing you. But it does, as you get in this season, it's, it's different Now. Now I'm not looking at potential. When I was in my twenties, it was about, oh, he got, he got potential. I don't look at potential. You have to have, be living in your, you have to be living your dream. It has to be your reality. You have to be a certain financial and a financial place because I'm not here trying to help you move forward. So it, it just changes. If I bring you into my space, you can't be intimidated. You can't be like looking at it around going, well, there ain't nothing I can do.


So it, it just changes a little bit bit. So, so how was shooting straw? I know you loved it. Four days shooting. You Right back here? No, no. I didn't shoot. I was six days. Oh, you were six Days. You were six days. Taraji was Four. You was six. Taraji was four. She was doing fight night. Okay. At the same time. And Tiana was also doing a movie at the same time. It looked, I was the only one that had time. So mine was six days. I had, I had a ball. It was a different experience stepping into the Tyler Perry world. Break it down because I'm, I'm used to, you know, doing a movie and it'll take weeks to do. You know, I'm on location for a number of weeks. So even when Tyler had asked me And I wasn't available, I said, well, I'm trying to work it out.


How many weeks do you need me? He said, I don't need you for, I need you for five days. And I, I had never heard that before because it was one, I was one of the stars of the movie. But with Tyler, he's got a world that he lives in. He's real, he knows what he wants. He has a lot of cameras covering you. So when you go to a movie, they do a master shot. You know, you go back and you wait till they turn it around and do a single shot. Then they gotta turn those cameras around and do the other shot. Right. Then they gotta get a wide shot. Then they gotta get a closeup. And you're, you're doing maybe three pages in a whole day. Tyler does not do that. He has a ton of cameras in and they, they're catching shots. So when I'm looking at the movie, they caught shots of me.


I didn't even realize. Wow. 'cause it was so many cameras. Wow. So we, he can do 10 or 12 pages in a day, but he knows what he wants and he gets it done. And Tyler's A man of his work. 'cause I remember y'all, this had to be like maybe four or five months ago. You was asking him to put you in. I don know if it was a specific movie or was it, why did I get married? Or I just remember you asking him to be in something. Yeah. I asked everybody who comes, if they could put me on something. Yeah. He really put you in. And he put me in the movie. He called me. He said, I have this part And I want you to do it. And it, it conflicted with the talk show. You can't really take off. No. But they moved it around. I said, I don't care who sits in my, in the chair, I need to do this movie. And they, we ended my show a week early so I could go and do it. Wow.


But when I, when I tell, let me tell you something about Tyler Perry. He takes care of you. Now everybody talks about the money he pays you. Yes. But in terms of, I walked into my trailer, you have to negotiate your trailer size from the fronting. Everything is negotiation. And I always negotiate, you know, I get the one less, one less of what the star gets. So I get a big trailer. But he, I walked in my trailer And I said, is Brad Pitt doing the movie too? Wow. I walked in my trailer, it was a double staircase. I had a kitchen, I had a office. I had, I had a whole, a full kitchen. I tried to, I was like, if I could take this refrigerator, it was a full-sized refrigerator. It was a bedroom, it was a walk-in closet.


It was, I had a living room, a family room, recline. I was like, I cried. Wow. I've never Wow, wow. Had in my wildest dreams, I never imagined Ha something like that. I, you know, where he put me up at where I stayed at night. It was just, I, it was unbelievable. It was unbelievable how that was. He's a great human man. Yeah, yeah. Definitely a great human. When I tell you Emini here, even on my show, he came and we did a giveaway show where Tyler Perry came in and he just gave stuff away. He paid the mortgage off for one of our, our guests. Wow. He gave a a, a colleague of mine who's a comic who had a stroke bone Hampton. He was a Christian comic. Now he's in a wheelchair.


He gave him a hundred thousand dollars so he could figure out. So he had a cushion to figure out what he wanted to do. Emini here, he gave, he just gave away. It was really wonderful what he did. He did That publicly. The a hundred thousand dollars. Yes. We did it on my show. Okay. Okay. Okay. Why you think that you need a hundred thousand dollars, Sean? Me. No, I just wouldn't want nobody to know that. 'cause everybody would be asking you for a hundred thousand dollars. They Really do. They really do. Yeah. That's, that's the downside. But the beauty about Tyler, he has no problem saying No. He says no. That's right. Because when I had to pitch it to him, I would say to him, we had this. He go, tell me what you're talking about. No. Like when you come to Tyler, it has to be very specific. It has to be very well thought out. And you have to have research because he says, okay, so if I do this, then what about this?


How are they gonna pay this? And I said, I don't know. I'm just coming to you asking for the money. I don't know all that. He goes, well, when you know it, then you call me back. Wow. So he's, you have to be on your business. Can You speak about that real quick, sir? How important is it to actually say what it is? You mean? Because we live in a generation where these kids be like, well, you know what I meant to say? Yeah. I'm the, you know what I meant to say? I think that we're the age of communication.


Hey, what Up y'all? It's Ste Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey Pam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Education is harder for, because we're in the social media age where you swipe and swipe and you putting in initials for, you know, laugh out loud LOL. Right? So peop you know, you're not saying what you mean. And I think it's a big problem. I don't know how to fix it because I keep trying to talk to my nieces and nephews and say, tell me what you're saying. Don't think I know what you're saying. I don't know if it's a life lesson that they have to go through. 'cause I had to go through to get it. Whoopi was very hard on me on the view. Tell me what you're saying. And I, And I had to figure out and articulate. So that came, that was hard for me. What was that like, having Whoopi be like, yo, tell me what you're saying. Like, oh, she was hard on me. Whoopi was very, very hard. But, but she loved me and she didn't wanna see me go through a lot of stuff, which has served me well.


Doing, having my own show and dealing with criticism. Being able to say no. I say what Emini here on my show, but, but I'm grown. You know? I think that's why I got the success at this age, you know, because I know how to stand up for myself. I know how to say no. I know how to say yes. I know what I am bringing to the show and what I want to see. So it's, you know, sometimes you just have to go through life. You gotta fall and you gotta get, you gotta learn to get back up. You gotta fall. You gotta learn to get back up. And I'm sure Whoopi saw the greatness in you. Like a lot of times people see things in you that you may not see in your, see in yourself Sometimes. Yeah. Maybe she did. I I I would hope that, yeah, we look at You now. Yeah, I know. We came a long way. You see what I'm saying?


We came a long way from when you called me the Tasmanian Devil, Mr. Charlemagne, the God. That's when we first heard y'all Remember that Mr. Mr. Remember that? I remember that. And I don't know if you heard earlier when you started talking about yourself, he was like, damn, as soon as you said that, I don't know if you, if you heard it, but he still, he still took a little shot at you earlier today. What are You talking about? What did you say exactly? What is he talking about? What, what Did you say? I don't know, but I'm with Envy. That's right. We're still kicking it with she Shepherd Charlemagne. Did Nia Long ever ever take you up on your conversation to come on your show? I guess that's who you, who you was alluding to when they said that. That's who you was alluding to when they said she rolled up on you at the o Oh, when I said unnamed celebrity, we rolled up, up on reported that a source had told me that it was Nia Long. Yes. Did Nia Long take me up? Because I didn't say her name. But yes, it was Nia Long.


You know, if, here's the thing, I I don't know who Nia Long had me confused with and what I appreciate, Lauren, this is why I love you. You did your research, you did your homework and you pulled up a clip. The only time I've ever talked about Nia Long is when she went through it with her partner, who it was infidelity. And I supported her in that. She should, she deserves to have a good man to be with her. And you pulled up that clip, so thank you for that. You, you handle that very well. So I have no idea. I think Nia Long, maybe confuse me with someone, not a lot Of black women on tv. So it's like, It's not, I don't, I I have no idea who she thought was shading her, but it was not me. I have no beef with Nia Long. I'm a fan of hers.


We're grown women. We both the same age. So like we can discuss it. That's why I invited her on my show, you know, and a lot of people said, well why would you say something like that publicly? Well, number one, I did never said her name. There was a lot of women that attended the Othello Premier. And number two, I do, I'm a standup comic. So everything that happens in my life is material for me. And my stage, my comedy stage is the talk show. So I got on stage And I just talked about it And I said, you know, it was a fun, it was, this happened. You wanted to know why I went to the bathroom. 'cause I said I went to the bathroom and had a meeting in the ladies' room. Yep, yep. That was actually a joke with, you know, because climax, this is why I don't get with younger men.


It was climax meeting in the ladies' room. I'll be back and she says, don't talk. And she says, don't test me 'cause I might slap you. Remember you a dj God, don't you? Right. If anybody, and so I did. I said to Joe Norman Baker, who's the head of our hot topics, he was like, that's funny. Everybody got it and you over here go. I don't understand why she went to the, to the was waiting in the bathroom, you and Jess. So, so that's what that was. That was a joke. But yeah, but I, I don't have any beef. I don't, I I don't, I don't like to tear down people, but I honestly was was just confused. And I also don't like when you, when you touch me and you pull at me, I don't like that you said, you Said she grabbed You.


She gr like grabbed me and spun me around and, and here's the thing. No, I, I'm a really nice person that's Don't to have many in W Yeah. Yeah. I like you don't like you don't like people. That's what you meant. No. Oh my God, I hate him. Go ahead. Continue. I'm sorry. You know, you, you, you ade He never turns it off by the way. Never. No. But now I can't unsee it. This is why I tell women, stop getting with standup comics because you gotta sit in bed and they go over the same joke and punchline over and over. And you gotta hear that all night long. Charlemagne, your wife, God bless her Lord. Open up doors for her. Bless her. Just bless her father. God, it Could be your darkest moment.


You could be crying. He's not gonna be sympathetic. No, not I am sympathetic. I just wanted to bring some joy to That's a lie. No, but it's like, but when people, when people tug at you, when they want to picture you and they tug at you, it's like, so I'm still, I think people, I'm so nice. But you can't confuse that I am a Chicago girl. That's right. So when that happens, I it, you know, then I go there. But we're, you know, I'm cool. I'm, I'm so cool. It's, it's done. If, if Neon would love to come on my show, I would love, I'm a fan. We're both actresses. I would love to talk to her and just clear it up. That's such a, that's why these beefs that come on social media, like it's easily cleared up. Yeah. Gotcha. So I would love, so to her, and It is young girl behavior. Like, I wonder 'cause she's been around for so long, it's not, what could she think you said that would cause her to grab you?


I don't think it's young girl behavior. Charlemagne, sometimes you, you don't see a person, you know, you sometimes these things fester. This is what Whoopi told me. And this is why I'm very nice on my talk show. She said we were, we were about to do a story. I wanted to do a story on the view about a a certain rapper. The baby mama was asking for more money. Then something happened bad. And I, I wanted to blame it on this, this rapper. And I said, I wanna talk about this. And Whoopi said, we not gonna talk about it. And I said, no, no, no. I we we got this platform and I'm gonna let people know. And she said no. So Barbara Walter said, if Whoopi's not going to talk about it, we are not going to talk about it. And I went into Whoopi's room And I said, why, why would you kill this story?


It's very interesting. Everybody knows the rapper. And she said, let me tell you something Sherry. She said, celebrities have long memories and you know this, y'all know this, they have long memories. You have a career beyond this show. And she said, and what will happen is you might go to a club and encounter this rapper. You are black woman, we the least protected. And if they get mad at you and wanna do something, ain't nobody gonna do nothing. Now if Elizabeth Hasselback goes to the club, 'cause she done said something and he and he does anything, everybody gonna be calling the police. He Ain't even gonna do nothing to her. Won't even do nothing to, she said, you, you always had to keep that in mind. And she said, and you want to work beyond this show 'cause you're not gonna be here for long. You're gonna be working. And these and celebrities have very long memories and you're in the business and your, your career is important.


And I just always remember that. And I'm a, I'm a kind person. So when I come at stories, Lauren, I always go, is it edifying? I would rather you be laughing with me going, that girl is talking about me today. That is so funny. What she said, they never laughed. Rather than I'm too old to be in a club and somebody comes up to me, goes my name And I don't like, you know, I heard what you said, it ain't gonna be, I'm not gonna be hamming that and you bet not. First of all, I'm 50. I don't even know who you are. I don't remember what I said. And wait, did she just slap me? Like I I don't be fighting no more like that. So, you know, it is like, life is too short. I want to put out good energy on my show. I want you to feel good.


I want you to know that when you come to the show, it's a safe space. Yeah. If you don't wanna talk about something, there's a a ton of other stuff we can talk about. If you want the shady stuff, it's a bunch of blogs you can go to. And I think that people, even though they like that, they turn on you quick, they turn on you quick. When you're always giving out bad stuff and talking about people. I, I think I have more fans that will stick with me if I go through something than not. So that's just the way I operate and it has worked. I Feel like God is talking through you. Well, Did you Just say that three minutes ago? No, he just always talking to me. Oh. And I did yesterday. We've had a lot of conversations this week and yesterday. Emini here, dude, that though everything you just said has been the convos all week.


Yes. Really. And yesterday, Emini here, I literally was record recording my podcast the latest with Lauren the Rose before you came in here. And on my podcast I was talking about how I, I talked to Guy yesterday and was like, look, I hear you. I get it right. I know what I need to do to dial back and, you know, focus and whatever, whatever. And then you come in here and you're literally, it's, it sounds better coming from you though. You look a lot better. So You have been in here preaching Emini here. You do not know how God has been talking through you this morning. Oh, but that been over that. Now there is a generation of women watching your show who, who who feel seen and heard. So what do you want the Sherry show to represent in this messy meme driven media landscape? I want, I want the young brown girls to look at me and say, it's possible I can do that.


You know, that's why representation matters. People keep saying, no, no, we all won. We all No, no, no. I saw Oprah Winfrey doing it and she looked like me. We had the same kinda hair sands, the wig, we had the same kinda hair. Her skin color, it matters. And so when little girls look at me and they come and see me and they call me auntie, I'm like, yes, you can do this. There's a space for you. I want you to feel like there's a space I want you to, I want you to come up to me and ask me for advice. I want you to get ready because it's there for the taking the, so I think a lot of social media people, it comes with them so fast and when the crash comes, they're not able to rebound.


You know? So put in, put in the work and it, it's, it, it'll happen. Okay, Sherry gentlemen make you check it out in Straw Today. Netflix, It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get right to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fish Off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on the Beast. The Lord the latest with Lauren La Rosa. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. Alrighty guys. So a a bit more from the BET media room that we did.


I sat down And I talked to Tamar Braxton. She made some comments about Lonnie Love. Let's take a listen to her comments. First on Nene Leaks show I was asked to be on the rail. And this was in the beginning of the process of them casting. I, I I'm sure it was Tamar and the other girls. But I was asked to be one of the first girls from the show. First originally started, I had the contract And I ended up not doing the Real. And they end up casting Lonnie Love. I was on Real Housewives of Atlanta. So I just did not do the real, but Tamar ultimately did the real, And I Wish they would've told me. Really? Yeah. Wow. In creating the show. That's why I'm saying I wish they would've told me that. 'cause I wouldn't have cast big back Cadillac.


I'm fitting Get ready Lee. We probably will be in our 10th season by now. Thanks. Ain't that dumb? Yo Well, I I talked to her about that in the media room. Let's take a listen to Tamar on her big back Cadillac comments when I said, will there ever be any reconciliation? You said you won't, you won't say that. I won't say that. So you're, you're open to a conversation with Lonnie Love. I'm am I'm open to a conversation because I feel like now, first of all, I probably should say this out loud and in front of everybody. I apologize for calling her a big back Cadillac. Not in any way did I wanna shame her or you know, I've, I've held on to, you know, my composure all of this time and never said nothing, you know, bad.


You know, and that was just really a vulnerable moment. And I apologize, Lonnie, I really want to have a conversation that could lead to a reconcile. You were supposed to ask her, Lauren, what size Cadillac were you talking about? Did you mean an XT four or XT five, A XT six or an Escalade or was it an Escalade? ESV? No, that's a big one. What size Cadillac not have big back? That's the big ones. The big back Cadillac. Oh my goodness. It should After what size Cadillac she talking? I couldn't even get to the one question. Like that question I asked when she said big back Cadillac. I literally was, I I I was trying not to laugh because it was just so funny. Like why Look at the girls though. She apologized. She did. Yes. Yes. Yeah. But now they gonna stop people from yelling big back Cadillac when they see Lonnie in the street.


I understand. Now you got people calling every big back person big back. That was not me. Yeah, right. What's funny is imagine a, a Cadillac escalated pull up beside Lonnie and beep the horn. See that's messed. But she did apologize. So that's the Stop. She did Can't Be calling nobody. No ride share. That's what she did. She called her a ride share. Wow. Honda Odyssey. Let's stay focused now. Well I do wanna say too, tammar mentioned she wanted us to mention this. She has her new show in MTV called Calling the Act of Double Life about people Living Double Lives. Yes. That's coming on MTV Tuesday nights at 9:00 PM So she was like, make sure you plug that when y'all use this clip. So Tamar, I got you girl.


Smooth down. Hey, that the same show Tammy was doing something like that. It's thing is it's a spinoff of it though. Right. It's another Another Rendition of it life. Yeah. Another that's When Vy was on that show and Wendy Williams had watched it and thought Envy was on the show and he had got, he was gay. Yeah. Thought NB had snuggled on his boyfriend. I Promise you she thought that. Yeah. He called me and was like, yeah, Wendy tho on this show. And was like, you know, you living a devil life. I'm like, what are you talking about? She Thought you was gay. She thought she was creeping up on your boyfriend Because you was helping Big Sexy. I was Helping Big Sexy, you know? Yes. Yeah. If you watching the show, big sexy boyfriend was cheating on him and Big Sexy had to die in his head and Die was running. Absolutely. And I was trying to help the Big Brother out. That's what you said. I saw Envy on TV with the big gay guy. And he goes, why would you do that to me?


Why would I, right. Why would he do that? To shout out to Big Sex. To Big Sex. What up Big sex. What up? Well, I also too, I got a chance to talk to Flau as well. LSU Superstar. Hey. And we actually, we talked about Angel Reese F Flau, right? That's the name. F Flau. F Flau. Yep. She called it Flau. Flau. Flau. Is it Fly Jay F Flau. F Flau. Flau. Flau Flau. But we talked about her relationship with an angel Reese because it's been in question, let's take a listen for me, when I, when I met you, I also got to learn who Angel Reese was as well. Yeah. And you guys, it seemed like you guys were so close. And I know recently she said that you guys or Yeah, she said that she still supports, you guys still support you, but yeah, you guys aren't as close as you used to be or you friends still, or we, We not friends, but Emini here, like that that, that that bond and that we had and that, that that thing that we did together win the national championship.


You can never take that away from, from, from us. And so sometimes like stuff happens, you wish it don't happen, but it do. And you just gotta, you just gotta grow. But Emini here, like I support her and everything she do. Like she killing in the W-N-B-A-I be on social media, you know what I'm saying? Yes. Climbing the folks that be trying to talk about down on her. Like, you know what I'm saying? I'm just proud of Her. And, and what you said you guys aren't friends, is that because of some of the things that we've seen before with the conversations with your, your, your, your your peoples or? Yeah. It, it was a lot of media. It was a lot of locker room stuff like, you know what I'm saying? Stuff that go on behind the scenes. But it, it happens. It happened. I thought that was very unfortunate to hear that they're not actually friends anymore. Yeah. They only played what, one year with each other though, Right? Yeah, but I just think they Went through but we seen together a lot too, too.


Or two years. Two years. Yeah. But we did and they were like, they had each other's backs and you know what Emini here, like they were, they same like pretty close to me. She Been through weren't friends though. It's not, it's not a beef, it's just that we just not, we Ain't close no more. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. I know also too, there was that the incident with the parents going back and forth on social media Yeah. As well. But they got through that. But I feel like they went through so much together because, you know, it, the, the noise was so loud around them and they were doing it together. So I think to, I would've loved to hear her say like, they're not maybe as close, but they still speak or they whatever. We not friends. Sounds like I'm good. Yeah, they Different perhaps one's in the WNBA one's still in college. They got different life. They're not together all the time Anymore. You could be on the same team and not be friends.


Like you go on. That's facts. You go out, you go out there, you play on the court, you win games and you go home, live your life. That's right. Yeah. I guess so. Yeah, a hundred percent. Because both of 'em are saying we still support each other. So to your point, y'all are right now, we also talk to Johnny Venus formerly, well he is still of Earth Gang, but he has, he's doing his own solo thing real quick. And he announced something that is coming. Let's take a listen with the clips and you guys are going on tour. Yes, We're going on tour with T Payne in October and we announcing another tour very soon. But it's gonna be a great time. You know what I'm, Is it the other tour you're announcing? Is it gonna be Earth Gang or is it gonna It's us and, and we we opening up, we opening up. It's a classic group. So y'all better stay tuned 'cause it is going up.


We can't play a guessing game of who the group is. Can we do that? Can we play, can we get exclusive right here? Like Who are you going on tour with? Dang, that's crazy. We going on tour with the Clipse. Tell Me how that came about. They Reached out to our, you know, our agent and was like, yo guys wanna come on tour. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, let's make this happen. And we was like, man, hell yeah. Like what? What? Okay, that's Dope Clips and Earth Gang. Yeah, that'd be a dope show. Yep. Yes, I think so. Yeah, it's gonna be Cool. I think it's gonna be fired too, but you know, we, we was getting exclusives over there. They, yeah. Okay. Lauren, Y'all, we nothing. Go ahead. What? That's it. That's all. Nothing. That's all I have for The hour. All, all right, well that's the latest one, Lauren.


We'll see you next hour. All right. Charlaine? Yes sir. Who? You gimme a donkey too, man. We need Willie Ray Norwood Jr. To come to the front of the congregation. We let to have a world him this morning. Ray J Y'all cousin. Yes, I know that's right. Yes. We need to have a conversation with Ray J this morning. He needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a world with him. Damn. Absolutely. Get your ass up here. Alright, well we'll give it to Ray J when we come back, so don't go anywhere as to breakfast. Slow. Good morning. I don get up to 10 maybe. Damn the Heehaw. It's Time for Donkey of the Day. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things called Donkey of the Day and it really caught me off guard.


Damn Shalam man. Who got the donkey of the day Today? Well, just hilarious Donkey today for Monday, June 9th goes de Willie, Ray Norwood Jr. Professionally known as Ray J. Now if you know anything about the history of breakfast clubs and you know, once upon a time Ray J was woven into the fabric of this illustrious Hall of fame radio show. Ray J was our first guest ever. Okay? The first person who ever stepped foot into The Breakfast Club studio and sat down with us for a conversation was Ray J. That is the answer to a breakfast club trivia question if anyone needs it. The first ever huge viral moment we ever had was when Ray J called in and threatened to put the booty goons on.


Fabulous. Okay? These are all facts. Nobody up here will ever deny the history we have with Willie Ray Norwood Jr. But Donkey of today does not discriminate. And I saw something this weekend that should be a teachable moment for us all. See, Ray J was on his live stream this weekend and he had this to say about sexy red. Let's listen. I slept with sexy red by playing with me, talking about I party with sexy red. I slept with sexy red. I asked her, that's on a dead homies man. I slept with her. Wow. No one man on the dead homies though. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. No one man should have all that corny. Okay, Ray J, you are 44 years old getting online bragging about people you slept with.


You going the superhead route in 2025. Are you that desperate for relevancy? Ray J You should be way past the do anything for clout era. I remember Ray j calling me one time and expressing how he has the desire to be seen as a businessman. He said that we should be focusing more on what he's doing in the tech world. And I agreed, okay. Ray J has had some success with those scootie bikes. When Ray J was with Ray Raycon, they had a valuation of like 85 to a hundred million dollars. That's no small feat. That's big business. Okay? It's an amazing thing to see a black man be a, be a part of something like that. Then he sold his stake in Raycon and opened up the Tronics network. He allegedly put like $5 million of his own money into Therons network.


That too, it's big business, but I don't even hear him talk about the Tronics network anymore. Okay? My point is, Ray J has done incredible things in The World of business, but his antics like this always overshadow it. Okay? Willie Ray Norwood, Jr. You will never get your just due for what you've done in the business world if you online still moving and talking like we were in our twenties. Now what did Sexy Red have to say about this? Well, she took the Instagram to say, calm ball ass lying on your meat is weird. Play in your ass not with me. What? Then she said, even to be saying we slept on the plane together. I said hi and kept it pushing Is you cuckoo? And she reposted a screenshot of her sending Ray J the video saying, so this what you doing, playing with people name on the internet?


Ray j replied, I said right after we slept on the plane together, you know I'm playing, I'm always trolling and you know I love you. I'll make it clear right now on my main page. Sorry, if you mad at me, I'll make it right Now. The problem with the apology though is the apology is never as loud is the offense. The truth is never as loud is the lie. The lie that Ray j slept with sexy red went around The World twice while the truth is still putting on his shoes. Ray j did do a more formal apology. Let's listen. I wanna apologize to Sexy Red because Sexy Red is one of my favorite artists and sexy red And I was on a plane and we were both flying somewhere.


We randomly saw each other. She was sitting by me. She had her space, I had my space, she had her own blanket, her own pillow. I had my own blanket and my own pillow, and we had a long flight and we both were tired. You know what I'm saying? So we just, we went to sleep just like we would sleep with anybody else that was sitting next to us on the plane. I went out of control And I said that I slept with sexy red. And that's just, that's, that's insensitive and it's not okay. And it's, it's trolling at the highest level. And I wanna say sexy red, my bad. Here's a teachable moment. June is men's mental health month.


If you feel the need to get online and be a chronic and compulsive liar at the age of 44, okay? Lives that are manipulative and damaging, that could hurt relationships with people, could hurt careers even yourself, then you might be dealing with an underlying condition that you need to sit with a mental health professional about. I'm serious, my brothers, we gotta do better. Okay? Ray J is 44, sexy Ray is 27 at this point. Ray, you should be teaching the next generation how to move. They should be looking to you to know how to move, but instead you got them looking at you like you washed, you moving like you on the corner with a Starbucks cup in your hand dancing to wait a minute, hoping somebody gives you a couple of dollars and you can't tell me you just doing this to build up your chat.


Okay? You, you can't just tell me that. 'cause in the screaming world, I don't even see the scream was moving like this. Okay? Not the ones I watched. The ones I watched got very high emotional IQs, Kai Sinat of course, and little Reggie Duke, Dennis, I don't see them resorting the lion on their beef whistles saying they slept with certain celebrities to garner attention for their chaps. Ray J, you got a daughter, you got a niece. Would you want somebody playing with their name like that? Would you want somebody playing with your sister's name like that? Huh? The answer to those questions are no. Okay, Ray, I know you want to be down with this new screaming world, okay? You'd be sitting up in your room in front of that laptop trying to keep up with them youngsters. But if I had one wish Ray that wish would be for you to grow up, okay?


I'm not saying anything right now. I haven't told you before. Grow up at 44. There is a level of emotional maturity you supposed to have, okay? You need to sit with a therapist or some mental health professional and ask, what is this attention seeking behavior you constantly display? Is it learned from childhood? You didn't grow up in a toxic environment As far as I know. What is it? Okay, look, I'm no mental health expert. I've never claimed to be. I'm just a man who's had some experiences and I'm a man who had to confront my own emotional immaturity. And it comes to a point in our lives when we have to look in the mirror and stop avoiding accountability, our uncomfortable truths about ourselves. And the truth is, if a man is 44 years old still lying for attention, it might not always be a clinical diagnosis, but it's almost always a sign that he hasn't healed something.


Was it his fear, insecurity, or trauma? Something deeper is driving the behavior in Willie Ray Norwood Jr. I sincerely hope you heal. Please let Remy ma give Ray J the biggest. He haw, He haw, he haw you stupid mother. Are you dumb? Now? Just a liar. Has a man ever lied on your ppo? Oh, absolutely. Yes. And Said he hit when he didn't. Yes, absolutely. And I don't know why the gentleman did that, but he did that. That's recently too. Yeah. Oh, recently? Absolutely. Damn. Like a couple months ago. What a clown. Wow. Somebody that I wouldn't even think would be a clown. Somebody that all y'all know we don't, and we talk about this person. Don't push it rather frequently. Please don't Push it. Don't, don't do it, don't It In The World of entertainment.


No, Don't push it. Please, please, Comedian, Musician. Just Don't stop. No, not a comedian. Not a musician. Lord. Please Don't let Just say no names A spiritual leader, a pastor Lord. Please Don't let Just say no names. We'll get back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Mm Oh. Has somebody lied on you before lied on your poo ppo lied on.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe your fresh outta college just started in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm Dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


You'll meet, let's discuss 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We'll do it when we come back. Don't play with just please this morning, please. I'm begging you. I'm begging you. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about lying on the PPO or lying on the meat. Now Charlamagne gave Ray j Donkey today For what?


Lying on lying about sleeping with sexy red. Oh, Right. Yes. Now Jess said this happened to her recently. Somebody lied on your P ppo. So tell a story without saying the name. It Just came up in a conversation like, oh yeah, such and such said that y'all like had like a moment. And I was like, I'm on. Whoa. And Lady was like, with so and so And I was like, nah, that person is lying. Never a kiss, kiss, never a hug, never a cuddle, never. Nothing. No. I will air this mother out like you, y'all know how it get from me. But I was like, you know what, it's a lot because she know the person and then the person like, you know what? Emini here. Like, it'll make it crazy for her.


How Did that make a woman feel when, when a man lies on them like That man, like I wanna add a whole world out. Add that whole world out. Mm. Because you, because you, you playing with me And I don't like that. I ain't even, you ain't even somebody I do that with. So don't even, don't do that with me. But Just remember it. Don't make sense to do it because when you saying it makes it bigger than what it is now. Yeah. To just, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Charlamagne. What as a man ever lied about having sex with me? Yes. Who? Remember? Remember Glitter Stick? Oh yeah. Glitter stick. Glitter stick. I wasn't, what is That? What was the gentleman that said Charlemagne took a bussle scene? They used to catch the Busle have sex with him. Charmagne took the bus for that D So what happened? You didn't catch the bus, you wasn't like that.


It Was just some random dude on YouTube trying to be funny. This was, this was, wow. 12. How long? This is like 12 years. Don't tell ago. I believe him though. Actually longer. Because we wasn't even doing breakfast club dinner I don't think. Was we? Because we talked about breakfast Three. We at the low country. He kept, he was like, don't make me tell your number. He was like, like, I got your number right here. It's 8 0 3. Oh, I'm gonna stop. Don't make me tell your number. See. Oh God. Well, let's go to the full lines. We got Dawn on the line. Dawn, good morning Dawn. My love. Yes, good morning. Tell us your story. Dawn. I meant to tell you my name is Chantelle. I'm trying to hide my identity. But anyway, I used to be in the Comedy tro with Mike f Donna Rollins, Brooklyn, Mike, now known as Brooklyn, Troy Emini here.


Mike Troy. And we used to perform at the Brooklyn Moon downstairs. We would rehearse and then we'd come up do skits. I was the theater professor, so I used to be the acting teacher. They was the hot mess. But anyway, star used to come through and sometimes we bring the hat up, they put money in. This guy had notoriety a little bit who was a comedian. He's still a comedian I guess, but he was kind of effeminate. So I didn't think that you know anything. But anyway, I gave him a chance. He called me or whatever thinking it was just gonna be a normal night. And he went back and told Darnell. Mm.


And so Anell was like, oh, so you slept. And I was like, but he didn't tell Darnell that he couldn't get an erection and he didn't even do anything. And I was never going to tell on the brother, you understand what I'm saying? But I was just like, dang, Now I will say What? Keep trying to prove He lied. But he was, he he, it was kind of a half a lie. 'cause y'all would've done it if you would've got a No Emini here. It wasn't even about whether I would've done it or not. It was just the fact that Why did you go and tell, you know what, Emini Here. Yeah, I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm with you. Yeah. And what I gave you a chance guy, you know, because, you know, he wouldn't even had a chance if I wasn't just trying to be nice.


'cause I thought he was gay. Damn. Damn. You know? Or not gay, but he was just very effeminate. 'cause I'm in the theater world, so sometimes we deal with a lot of gay, you know, people, whatever. And we, you could pick it up and happy pride, that's no big deal. But I'm gonna give you a chance. Hey, can we talk? And then you go, can we talk about the Dirty Mac? And Darnell was doing Darnell couldn't wait to run back to tell you so you slept with such and such. You let such and such hit That. Another story. That's another story. They all, I didn't wanna go there, but he was the damn one of the lead, you know? 'cause we developed kids together, we all were. Right? Or we write, we had our book, Mike f quit 'cause he said he lost his creative book, but he really had to deal with the big movie Friday.


But he didn't tell us. And then he blew up and left. But we had a lot of fun together. But they don't talk about the secret society, all of them. 'cause they done blew up after. They don't wanna tell their original crew that they used to run with. Matter of fact, we met Dave Chappelle doing a Caroline or one of the spots doing our skits. And that's when Darnell actually met Dave Chappelle. 'cause he was like, I would like to do skits too. They was just talking to the side of the wings. But yeah, we had a nice, nice comedy truth together and we had a lot of fun. And they're really good people. Good people. Yeah. For going Dawn, it sound Like we able to get a good interview outta her. That's right. She keep talking A lot back in the day. Stories 805 8 5 1 0 5 when we're talking about lying on your meat.


Had ladies, has a guy lied on your ppo or fellas has a girl lied on your pink or fellas, whatever it is, whatever you're into. Let's discuss is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, Charlamagne gave Ray j. Donkey of the day. For what? Charlamagne Lying about having sex with sexy red. We're asking has a guy or woman lied on you?


Hello? Who's this? Hey, you this Michelle. How are y'all? Hey girl. Good Morning. What's up, Jess? Hey girl. Somebody lied on you. How you doing? I'm good. Yes. They lied on me. I was married and he said something to my ex-husband and he just kept carrying and carrying and carrying it. And I'm like, tell me who it is because I can count my body on my hand, but just tell me who it's, And I can tell you that's not the person. And he would not tell me. And I was like, okay, let's go ask the person because I'm a face to face. Let's go face to face. And he would not do it. And I said, you know what, I'm not gonna stop And I'm gonna leave it alone. But it just kept poisoning our relationship, even though the other stuff damaged our relationship too.


But that right there, that just was a issue. And he could not shake it. He could not shake it. And we end up divorcing it. We was married for 20 years and just end up divorcing with the other stuff. But yeah, that right there, we couldn't get over that. Damn. All right, mama. Thank you. And I don't know why No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Djj because you always hanging up on people, always hanging up on people and hey, hey djj and hey Lauren and Charlamagne. I'm gonna need my book. It's been two years. Two years. They ain't sent The book yet. Yeah, two years. And I saw you at the seminar. Me and my girl Gigi. She gave me the envelope. Yes, the, the for the script.


The script, yeah. She gave me the envelope And I wanted to meet and greet, but I had to get back to Virginia. So she went in my place for the meet and greet. Hey, T in New York. Hold on Please, please get her information to send her the book. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is j Alexis from Texas. Hey, J Alexis from Texas. Talk to us. What? Somebody lied on you. Yes. This one dude said that we slept together. And so he was telling everybody in the hood, and I'm from Houston, so you know, it, it, it get around. So I seen him And I confronted him And I was like, oh, we slept together. I'm trying to see what that's about. What's up? And so, and the look on his face, he was just like, no.


I was like, no, no, no, no, no. We f together. Let's do this right now. Come on His ass in 4K. He was like, yeah. He was like, nah, you good. You good Shay you, you good. We we we can't do this. And I was like, now I want you to go and tell all y'all your homeboy that we never touched each other. But if you trying to do that, I'm still trying to do that. Let's make the myth true. Dang. Yeah. So you was trying to hit for real? Oh yeah, he was fine. Oh yeah, he was fine. So he lied on you and then you pulled up on him and you really wanted to make the myth true. But he was like, nah, you good? Yeah. He was like, nah, you good. I was just trying to, I was just trying to get some something started or whatever. And then I was like, yeah, I'm trying to get something started too. That's Right.


He was, You must not have looked like you look online. He must have saw you online and lied. And then you pulled up on him like, what's up? And he was like, hold up up Baby D And then it just happened like that. He, you wasn't with Well, he thought you was online. No, we actually used to work together. And he told me a bunch of times like it was supposed to happen, but I had already had a, I always had a boyfriend. And then when he just like had to embellish like that, I was like, well, let's go. That's crazy. He he just really wasn't about, about It. That is an interesting story. That is interesting because I wonder what the hell happened. Yeah. Why would he lie if he could really hit Right. Exactly. And then a few years later, it was like he came to me in my dms on some creeping stuff.


But I'm there, I'm now married and my husband listening to this right now. I love you baby, but I I ain't even go that way. All right, girl. Lemme tell y'all the moral of the story and the moral of the story is just simply, you, young boys need to know the rules. When you lie on your meat, your meat gets smaller. Okay? This is a scientific South Carolina fact. Okay? When I was raised, that's what we were told. If you lie about having sex with a woman, your penis shrinks. So take do, do it. That what you will all, all right? Yeah. Don't lie. 'cause when you, when your ass get called out, then what you going to say? Alright, well when we come back, we got the latest with Lauren. You know, she's broadcasting from la she's out there for the BET awards and we're gonna talk to her next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club.


Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning, everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lori Lauren becoming a free fish off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit About everything and She be having the latest on you, Lord, The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me Charlamagne, what you do to Sierra? Oh, What did I do to Sierra back in the day? I used to clown Sierra.


I don I don't remember for what though. But Y'all made up since then though. Yeah. Did y'all Oh, no, no, no. I've never, I've never even met Sierra. But I used to clown her back in the day because you Know what? She came up here. You weren't here that day. I, I used to say Beyonce got the bs. Rihanna got the Navy. Sierra got the crickets. Damn. Damn. I used to For real? Yeah. Back in the day. Yeah. Oh damn. You wasn't here last time. And I Remember when I got punched in the head, boy Ciera had a field day on Twitter that I bet she did. Oh my God. Oh damn. She had some words for me. For you. Oh, at the media room. Let's take a listen. Listen. I'm trying to, she see Charman, okay. Because oh, last time I went to the station he was not there. That's right. Well you're in New York now, girl. Pull up on us. So now No, I'm, we're making it happen.


Yes, but he has to be there. Oh, for sure. Because Charlamagne And I, we go way back and we have a thing and we need to see Each other. And I, I need, yes, thank you. When and when you come, can you get smart to him for me? Can I what Now? Get smart to him for me. Like just, oh No, we, we need to do, he And I need to do several things. Oh, okay. Okay. Well, Charle, I Yeah, That day you were off. She came up here. I know. I'm here for that. I love Sierra. I, I, yeah, Steve And I love all Sierra's. I love the way she's grown. I love the way she's evolved. I think her and Russell have a beautiful family. But can Oh no, don't be don't talk. Be trying Get it together. Mental. I was so blown Mr. Mental Health. She ain't forgot it baby. Because My jokes be Stinking.


She said, and when, when we were finishing, she was so serious. 'cause I talked to her about the fact that she's in New York now because you know, Russell was some place for the Giants. And she said she wants to come to the show and she said, y'all need to put on boxing gloves. That's exactly what she said to me. I'll Box Russell boxing with, You know who else I seen this weekend that said he wanted some smoke for, for for Charlamagne. Who? Who? Little twist. Little Twist from Young Money. Lil Wayne's label. What you do? Shit Twist. Hey, I don't know what y'all got going on in y'all live, but when I hear y'all talk, I'm so thankful for mine Twist. Hey, what the hell is you around? Little Twist. I was on the, I was on the Puerto Rican Day parade floor and Little Twist said that he would love to come on The Breakfast Club and curse out Charlamagne.


Come on. What did you say about Little Twist? I don't even remember. I'm sure I said I know I had some heat. I remember Truck Fit. No, that wasn't little toy. Well you know what? I don't remember. I used to kill all of them with the truck fit thing. God, I used to ask all of them. What did you do for some truck fit? That's Lil Wayne fault dude. Wayne saying Yeah. Big for some truck fish. Yeah. So if I see you walking around with a bunch of truck fitting now, do you know Lil Wayne is probably the only rapper who killed his own clothing line with a line? Oh, nobody wanted to wear a truck fit after Lil Wayne said that? No, because you was the one that made fun of everybody for wearing Truck Fit. Because Lil Wayne said that people sucked. But Truck Fit twofold. Is that Mm. Who fault is that? Anytime you just see celebrities opening up Truck Fit online, I'll be like, what'd you do to get it though?


That's crazy. I remember got so mad at me. Damn. What about that box though? What? That was crazy. What that Box do is crazy because of the outfit. Respect. It was a respectful young man. We seen him on the float. He was a good guy. But he said he wants to come up here and curse. Listen, all of them are welcome to come. Okay. Charlemagne has never been one of those personalities who don't talk to people he talks about. So they're all welcome. I love that. Yes. Yes. Well, real quick, I just wanted to give a update 'cause this happened towards the end of the week. Diddy had asked for a mistrial or a is asking for a mistrial. Right now he is basically alleging that the government is presenting false testimony knowing that it's false because shoot, I would say everybody lying too.


YI did not rub nobody man's on my nipples. Why? He was talking about that? No, he said that was a lie. But lemme Tell you, because Jane Doe, who was testifying on the stand, she had a story about, she alleges that Diddy would make the sex workers finish on her. And she wasn't allowed to clean it up because Diddy allegedly wanted to play around with it too. Another man's man milk. Yes. That's crazy. That's crazy. Yes. First of all, in the producer world, they call that a sample. Alright. Did He was did, he was sampling. What's wrong with you? Oh, yo. That's horrible. That's nasty. Well, it's not BJ's. Wait, wait. Well then again, you know what, you know, BJ's, they give you like a little Yeah, I just sound like all this macaroni And I don't like it.


Oh yes. A macaroni is crazy. My God, my God. Can you imagine kids in the car right now? Mom? What's man Milk? S that Man, kids should not be listening to this. Especially during no Diddy trial. I know. Just turn this off. Freak off menu. That's crazy. But yo, everybody in the media room is coming up to me about Diddy. Like everybody wanted to talk about Diddy. People are very invested in the Man milk. Absolutely. Yes. But yeah, so he's asking for the mistrial. He's basically trying to say that the woman, Brianna, who took the stand, that her testimony was false. Which prosecutors came in and debunked on the stand 'cause she couldn't remember her, her dates.


But her photo said one date and then a, a text message from Cassie verified a different date. So they cleared that up. So in wrapping up BET awards tonight, I'll be backstage at the BET awards. 8:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. 25 years of 1 0 6 and park. So there's the Hey, why Celebration you keep shouting out the BET awards, man. People know it's on tonight. I'm glad you working the backstage, but we giving them way more than they gave us because I saw your broadcast space And I ain't see no Breakfast Club signage. I saw Nene Lee's hat signage and Angie Martinez had signage and damn near all the podcast hat Signage Breakfast Club didn't have no signage. It just said BET Award signage everywhere. So we giving them way more than they gave us. She had a little something on her laptop That was not even real, that was, that looked Photoshop superimposed on or something.


That was ai. Yes, It is a Little crazy. I would advise you to look at our Instagram and then look at our YouTube and you compare the two. Exactly. What I'm trying say is that the show is coming on tonight and I'm going to sleep Charlamagne. I don't know. Y'all like them? Not me. Okay. Anyway, happy birthday to Madea daughter Cora Simmons. So yeah, happy Born Day Cora. All right, well that is the latest with Lauren. You be safe out there. Now the People's Choice mixes up. Next it The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are the Breakfast. We are The Breakfast Club. I wanna salute to everybody in a Puerto Rican day parade that I seen. There was a a million plus people there. We were on the float. You're Dominican. Huh?


You're a Dominican. I'm black. They don't have a Dominican parade. They do. Oh, so you do that too. What are you talking about? So what they just get any Latino DJing like y'all can spend at any parade. I was DJing the float Because I would think Puerto Ricans should be DJing the float. Not Dominicans, but it Was a whole bunch of people on The float and none of 'em Puerto Rican, nothing. Name, name. Who's on the float with you? Nika. Who Is that? A black person. Yeah. That's what all Puerto Ricans said. Look at all Theas. Look at all them ika. All the Puerto Ricans. Like look at all the Coca in our parade. Yo, yo. Okay. That's exactly what they said. Justina Valentine was on the float. White Italian. Italian there. Yes. Conceded Cuban Short. Think He's Black.


Who else was on the float with us? Trina Black as Hell. Yo float was banging though. Flau float was popping up. That's, That's disgusting. Where is the Puerto Rican representation? We had a good, good time on the float. So salute to everybody we seen out there. That's only 'cause Ivy and Angie was in la. That's the only reason you was on there. Damn. Oh My goodness. All right. And congratulations to your mom. She got married over the weekend. Absolutely. She did. So now she is Mrs. Neil. Yeah. Congratulations to Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what's up this weekend. Pittsburgh, your girl Jess, Hilarious, will be there with your guy Desi Alexander at the Improv. We got two shows this Friday and two shows this Saturday. So make sure you get your tickets at Jess Hilarious official.com.


Also, father's Day is Sunday, and then Monday, June 16th, the day after Father's Day, the More Love Foundation presents. Dads on the green at Top Golf in Baltimore City. So we're honoring 50 fathers. So me and my husband started a foundation, right? That helps serve underserved communities by, you know, providing resources like housing programs and workshops, job opportunities and much more. And we're having our first official event. Oh. And it's for fathers to come together and fellowship, you know, and, and it's from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM That's the early happy hour while the kids still in school, whatever. And it'll be drinks, food, giveaways, and good music. And the music will be by Baltimore's own dj, kbi for the Vibes. And shout out to Fulton Bank.


They will be there as well. Teaching about financial literacy, more specifically credit and how it works. So I'll see you on that Monday. Dope. Next Monday, June 16th. Yes. It's my first, first official event. Wait a minute. Given by my foundation. So you're not gonna work that day? Yeah. Yo, I'm, I'm gonna be broadcasting, yo. Okay. I'm Make sure, making Sure, I'm making sure you said an early vibe. I know I had to try to hurry up and get it in there. Yeah. But yes, I will be broadcasting. That's dope. From Baltimore. Yes. So I still will be at work, yo. Okay. But yes. Get y'all, get y'all tickets Pittsburgh for this weekend. Now I, I wanna shout out to Tennis Star. Coca. Yes. Coca Golf. Coca Golf. She won over the weekend. She did her thing. She played hard.


A terrific game. I know. Her opponent was like, she didn't win because she was good. She won because I made mistakes. Crazy. Coca, bust your ass. Yeah. Coca Bust your ass. So congratulations to Coca. Yeah. If you made mistakes, you still lost Emini here. Right? What the hell you talking about? That's on you. So congratulations Coca. That's what's up Now Charlamagne, you got positive note. That's the positive note is simply this. Prioritize your peace of mind. Okay? Practice being calm when you feel like you're being challenged. Detested, overreacting only creates regret. Take a few hours or days for things to clear out. Be emotionally intelligent so you can be in the right state of mind to make better choices. Have a great day. Breakfast Club bitches. You don't finish or y'all Done


meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelley bluebooks kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC,


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.