
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity. Varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange Manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new Jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke Are Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Now listen To the show every single day. Breakfast Club The, Breakfast, Club With that ass up. The Breakfast Club. You can't Say Breakfast Club without The. You're like this Rare Air. You got platforms and partners all over the place because your demand is so high. People wanna be in business with The, Breakfast, Club. I don't think white people know how popular you guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious. Charlemagne the God. Yeah. You guys really are like the hip hop early morning and late night talk show. Yeah, I know what y'all talking about. Good Morning.


USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne the guy. Peace To the planet. It's Tuesday. I mean, light my candles, man. Gotta set the tone. Oh, that's a new one too. Okay. Well, good morning guys. Good morning, Jess. How you feeling? Good morning. I feel okay. I, we had like a big, big, big storm. I don't know if y'all have one, but we had a big storm in Maryland. It was like, it was so loud, like it woke everybody up. Wasn Lightning. This though. Crazy raining Lightning thundering Crazy rain. Yeah. It, it sounded like hell, like it sounded like ice was hitting cars and everything When you first jumped up.


Did you think you was having a contraction? He was like, oh my God. It's time. Chris. First of all, I can't jump up. That's the, oh, I can't jump up. But I also can't sleep either because baby is getting bigger. So the pillow ain't come yet. No. You know the pillow ain't her. You. Yes, we did. You ordered her a pillow a week before delivery. No, that's what she asked me for. But I asked him for this like six weeks ago. Envy. No. Jesus. That's a lie. It wasn't no six weeks. So the Pillows gonna come in three days before she's supposed to deliver. Yeah. Well, that'd be three good days of sleep. Oh, and You know what you need them good nights of sleep right before you go into label. Okay. I think gonna hurt too. You ain't did this in a while. Woo. I know it. I know it is.


I'm just ready for it though. I don't even care no more. Like Right. You Just get this Baby outta here. Lemme get back to what I need to do. Yes, yo. Alright, well, Let's wish for a, a healthy delivery. Absolutely. That's what we, that's we, that's what we wishing for. What we praying for. Well, let's get the show crack. And we got front page news a lot still going on with Biden, Harris, Trump, and everything going on, and I'm sure Morgan would've fill us in when we come back next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning, y'all. Happy Tuesday. Lots of stuff happened. You know since we last met. So let me get into it.


So speaking on Fox News, former President Donald Trump says he's not concerned with his, with who? Vice President Kamala Harris is picking for her VP running mate. Should she be the nomination? And he slammed the Biden Harris administration saying they hurt the country. Let's hear more from Trump. Fox News. They Have bad policies. Forget about the people. They have an open border policy. They have a high tax policy. They have a bad military policy. The whole world is going woke. Their world is going woke. The green news scam. We're spending all our money on things that don't work. The whole thing is a mess. Yeah. So he went on to say that Biden's doctors gave him, gave Biden great reports, though you could see he was in decline just by watching him.


And during the interview, Trump also was joined by his VP pick Ohio Senator JD Vance, who said the Democrats think Biden can't handle the campaign. Then You know he can't handle the pre presidency, but You know. He has obviously stepped down. I don't know where they were yesterday. So they spoke about the assassin. They also spoke about the assassination attempt, both a man agreeing that Trump was very lucky he wasn't hurt more. Adding someone needs to be held responsible for the slow reaction time from authorities. Let's hear more from, oh, excuse me, sorry. I was gonna say, let's hear more from JD Vance, but he didn't speak on that. Okay. So Trump says he was, he received, oh yeah, let's hear more from Trump on Secret Service.


They had a policeman that actually saw the man with a gun. And you would've thought that that would've been conveyed to other people. So there were some, there were some mistakes, but I can tell you this, just to go on the more positive side. The people on the stage were unbelievable and brave. They were all secret service that came running up. And there were a lot of, there was a lot of blood. But I understood. They thought I'd, I was hit elsewhere. I thought it, they thought I was hit actually in this area. And I wasn't. I said, I'm telling you, I'm okay. I'm fine. I'm gonna get up. I want to get up. I'm not gonna be taken out on the stretch here. We had a little argument. Yeah. So Trump went on. Go ahead. No, I was gonna say, if Trump gets back in the White House, he's definitely gonna get rid of the Secret Service.


He's gonna get rid of the Secret Service, bringing his own You know private, private troops. That'll be his version of the, the, the, the Ss n the Ss Nazis. I mean, and that'll grow to be like a private army. Right? You You know what at this rate, everybody's calling for at least the director to resign. So lawmakers, they definitely grilled Secret Service director Kimberly Cheadle yesterday following that assassin. Yes, they did. If I, I'd have just been like, man, just fire me already. They should have fired her. I watched her. They should have fired her. They should have fired her. They should definitely should have fired her. He was bucking back. Right. Okay. So House Oversight Committee chairman James Comer, said the Secret Service has become the face of incompetence. He said the agency failed to protect Trump and the rally goers in Pennsylvania and said, no real answers have been given.


Let's hear more from j Comer. Americans demand answers, but they have not been getting them from the Secret Service. We are instead learning about new facts about the events surrounding the attempted assassination every day from whistleblowers and leaked. So again, Kimberly Cheadle, she spoke about the assassination attempt in her opening statement. Let's hear what she said. Her comments, she thinks about that The assassination attempt of former President Donald Trump on July 13th is the most significant operational failure of the Secret Service in decades. We must learn what happened.


And I will move heaven and earth to ensure that an incident like July 13th does not happen again. Do that. Let me state unequivocally, nothing I have said should be interpreted to place blame for this failure on our federal, state, or local law enforcement partners who supported the Secret Service in Butler. They all effed up. Yeah. They, there really is no excuse for what happens. Not at all. She, she, she only has one job. They only have one job to Secret Service. And You know. It's one of those jobs where you don't get to make a mistake because that mistake could have cost a former president their life. It Wasn't even thought out and planned it. Why we keep hearing echo. But it wasn't even thought out and planned. The man just came there with his, his rifle. People seen him.


Broad Daylight. People pointing Him Out, wound up on the roof and shot. He's climbed Up on the roof. They seen him do the army crawl. Like they, they they seen everything. Yeah. Somebody gotta get fired immediately. Yeah. I I was gonna say, there's been times I've been to the White House and Secret Service saw a bee sting me, so I don't wanna hear it. Like I don't wanna hear it Anyways, she did resist calls to step down. I mean, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are like, girl, bye. So, oh Yeah. I kept seeing that. They're giving her the option to resign, but she won't, she don't wanna resign. So will she want to get fired? She Better resign. That's, that's probably what's going to happen. She wants to move heaven and Earth and the con and the congresswoman from South Carolina. Nancy May, Nancy May told her she was foolish. Damn. Nancy, Nancy told her she was foolish.


She ain't lying though. Nancy didn't lie. So in a quick sports story, NBA legend LeBron James will be the team USA flag bearer in the opening ceremony for the Summer Olympics on Friday in Paris, James will be the first men's basketball player to carry the flag. And it's his fourth Olympics. He says it's an incredible honor to represent the United States on the global stage. Team USA's female flag bearer will be announced today. They're getting, they're gearing up to play Serbia first on Sunday. LeBron's been hooping too, man. He's been hooping like he's, he's been the best on the team the last couple of games. So he's been hooping, I think they were down by 19, one game and they were down by seven another game. And in both games, LeBron's pretty much bone and back.


That sounds ridiculous to say he does. That sounds like fish bee swimming. Birds be flying. Yeah. LeBron changed be No, he's the oldest on the time Be Hooping, but he'd been doing it for 20 years. Yeah, but He's the oldest on the team. He's 39 years old. With all those young legs and all those superstars, you would figure that they would step up. But it's been LeBron that's been holding our team now. Have you been Watching the NBA for 20 years? I have. Yeah. LeBron ain't went nowhere. I have like, that's not a surprise. It is. That's why they call him King James. It Is it a surpr it's a surprise to you that LeBron James is bawling at 39, 40 years old with all that young talent on the team that you been The one that's watching the league for the last 20 years. When is LeBron declined? He hasn't been leading the league though. Leading it. In what Points?


He hasn't won it Time, time leading scorer. Not, not in the last, what, four or five years. He hasn't been at the, the highest point scorer in in the last Five, six years. You the all time leading scorer ever in The 98. Yeah. He's 39 years old. And you got all those young legs. You would've think that some of those young legs would be out there bawling. I, I ain't seen nobody do that to LeBron yet. Nope. In 2020. No, he's been balling all. I love this barbershop banter. This is great. Well, that is front page news. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake Up whether you're mad or Blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up Now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? What's, What's up brother? Get it off your chest, man. Listen, I, I appreciate what the Olympic basketball team is doing. Trash garbage. How y'all supposed to be the best in The World. Y'all lose about nine. I been winning by like nine, 10 points. That, that don't make no sense to me. Well the rest of The World done caught up. The World. How, how old are you? Listen, the best of The World supposed to be winning by 40, 50, 60 points. No, but that's because you owe, we owe we we grew up on the dream team when America had had all the best ball players.


So You know the dream team, Michael Jordan and Maddi Johnson. They went out there and was blowing people out. 40, 50. The rest of The World done caught up, bro. True. This is true. Charlamagne, I give you credit with credit is too, but for LeBron to be who he is, he still need to, he still need to show these boys to step up. Come on man. I just think he's crazy. That brother been in the league that long. The man 40 years old and he's still scoring the most points and he still got the most minutes on on that team. True. A team makes you feel the same way. He feel he, Joe, just want a free ride. Didn't l There for vacation? Didn't Joel LMB just say something about LeBron's age the other day? You said what? I said didn't Joel LMB say something about LeBron's age the other day?


Yeah, but Joel l and b need to step up too. He garbage too trash. Thank you brother. How you, how you big senator? You garbage. I don't make no shit to you, but love y'all man. Y'all keep doing what y'all doing? Alright Brother. Hello. Who's this? This Ja from South Carolina. What's up Ja? What's good? So I, I'm, I'm not sure which one of y'all disrespected bro like that if it was you or GV Charlamagne, but can't nobody on that team USA beat LeBron one on one. So of course he going to put him on their back. Oh. I believe that. That's why I, I was shocked. I'm like, lebr LeBron. I have not seen LeBron fall off in 20 years. LeBron has had no decline in his game whatsoever.


Nobody disrespected LeBron. I just said I'm surprised the other players on the team haven't stepped it up. The fact that LeBron is 40 years old and still has the most minutes on the, on the Olympic team with all that talent on there is surprising to me. Not to me. When I look at the roster, You got Steph Curry, you got Devin Booker, you got Joel Embiid, you got Bam, you got Anthony Davis, you got Anthony Edwards. You got Jason Tatum. Once Again, when I look at the roster, there's nobody on that team. I think it's more durable than LeBron. James has the type of l legit longevity LeBron has had. Steph would be my, my one B. That's about it. Jason Tatum, Anthony Edwards. No, not the compare to LeBron James. I'm nobody's comparing him. It's just Anthony Young. Anthony. Just Anthony Young. Like he had 22 and You know I, I watched something a few weeks ago during the playoffs.


That made a lot of sense. You know what Michael Jordan used to get eliminated from the playoffs. It was during, it was actually when the timber bowls was in the West Conference finals. 'cause you could tell that team had gotten tired and they was saying how Michael Jordan started practicing even when they got eliminated from the playoffs, he would keep playing practice games. Like he, they were professional all through July. So his body would be conditioned to go deep in the playoffs. So somebody like LeBron, he been doing that for 20 years. Hello? Who's this? Eric? What's Up? Envy? What's up Trav? Ja. What's up Jeff? Hey, what's up Charlemagne? Peace sis. How you It's still a bad bitch birthday Char. I didn't get the call in last week, but You know it's still my birthday. And I want my birthday sign out. Drop one of Kobe bonds for me.


It's Actually not your birthday. It's definitely not your birthday. It's still cancer season. It's not your birthday and we Shouted you out three times already. It is my birthday month, the whole month. Even though the government's trying me this month during my birthday month. What They trying To do? I still out here living. What they trying to do? Make, make deposits that you don't want them to make? I said the devil is trying me. Oh, I thought you said the government. I He did say the government. No, I said the devil. I said the devil is trying me out here bro. Well, two guys trying to run a on you. What you mean the double? Oh my God. Not double. That is the double man. The double. Oh. Got no the double Lucifer. Oh bro. What is wrong with your mouth this morning? Jesus. What is wrong with your ears? Not double?


Yeah. What Is wrong with your ear now? Ferer. Oh my goodness. Goodbye. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up and happy birthday Trav. All right, it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. My Breakfast Cub family with your boy Lovey from the Bronx. Peace Lovey. Come On love. What's up? I first I want to shout out Jess. Jess, I'm praying for you for this last three weeks.


Thank you. And you, you do realize there's gonna be a little bit of envy and charlem Manny trickled onto your baby because of your last few months with that. That's Not true. Nope, that's not true at all. She has a whole, a Little bit of personality. That's crazy how Y'all think. Y All think we gonna be around nobody else but each other Instead of Charlemagne though. But I love them. But I, I do wanna say this, I want my Breakfast Club family to bring Kalo on and to have hold her feet to the fire to bring some type of black agenda. Bro, you need to go back in. You need to go back and watch old Breakfast Club interviews with Kamala Harris.


There's never been a time Kamala Harris has been on Breakfast Club and not talked about her black agenda. Never. She's been up here twice. No, she's been up here three times. Three times. Three times. Yeah. I come back Man, and and And I and I've interviewed her on my TV show when I had my TV show. I can't even remember the name of it now. What the hell was the name of it? That's right. That's a flex. No, I really can't remember. I was like, it's called Get Out. What was it called? Oh, the God's On Is True. So, so he's still going Get out. There's never been a time lovey that Kamala's been up here and we haven't spoken about the black agenda. Yep. And I'm ever and I'm sure she'll be up here when it's time. Hello, who's this? Yes sir. It's Ja from Ja. What's up Ja. Hey, so fun fact. Good Morning Breakfast Club, my 4:30 AM workout crew.


We made a little bet to see how often I could call you guys and see how often I could get through. So since the beginning of June I called you guys every week on the first try and got through. So this is like my 10th time calling you guys. And I haven't even recognized it. So I've been winning that bad. Secondly, my family's good. Best friends are good son's good. Everything's good. So I just called to reminder, hey y'all don't recognize it, but my friends have been paying for my lunch every time I get through, so I appreciate y'all. Alright. Ja, That's what's up. Appreciate yo used sound like the, they used to call WZUP on Martin all the time. Yeah. Ain't got that same voice. That's so funny. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. You can hit us up at any time now.


We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Jess? Yes. Speaking of all this basketball talk. Dwayne d Wade. I, I, I keep on calling him Dwayne d Wade said he could have been better than Michael Jordan. You know, do what y'all want with that. Alright, We'll talk about that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Let's Get to Gs with Theia. Hilarious Moore just don't do no lying. Don't nobody Jess Worldwide method on The.


Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it door. Dwayne Wade sat down with car. Melos will come. Melo Anthony. He has a podcast. It's called 7:00 PM in Brooklyn and his career. He said his career was interrupted for much of 2007 and seven in 2008 seasons due to his injuries, some injuries he suffered included dislocating his shoulder and suffering a torn LeBron. Is that, is that What it is? No, it's a LeBron. It's a LeBron. It's attached. That's not, it's attached to the James. No, it is. Don't listen, it's LeBron.


LeBron. It's attached to the James. Oh my Goodness. No it's not. Go ahead. Just attached To the James. He is Ayo. He also had surgeries on his shoulder and knee years later he joined LeBron and he, he see, he joined LeBron James on the Miami heat and he went to the NBA finals four times consecutively winning back to back titles in 20 2012 and 2013, those seasons. But this is what he said about MJ on the podcast. They don't understand my game. Right. Like, you don't know what I did. Right? I did every, I did so many different things. And I played so many different roles. And so that's one of the reasons why I don't get, I'm not the greatest shooter of all time.


I'm not the great at this, but I was great at so many different things. And so I learned how to be great at all these things and no one knows how to really break down my game. Yeah. I mean, when I had it, I had it. I thought I was, I thought I was gonna be before injuries. I'm like, mj, I'm coming for you. No, I mean that's my mentality. Well first of all, salute the Carmelo Anthony and Kim Mero with they podcast dropping a clue bombs for them 7:00 AM different. I mean Dwayne Wade is the, the third greatest shooting guard of all time. Like it's Michael Jordan. It's Kobe Bryant. Then it's, it's it's Dwayne Wade You know. It's just when you hear somebody say You know, get close to Michael Jordan. It's just like, we gotta stop chasing ghosts.


But I understand his mentality. That's, but that's what inspire Yeah. That yes. That's his, his mentality should be that. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I would say it is about his mentality. I mean 'cause that's who else you gonna compare yourself to. And He's the boss. Michael is the ball. Yep, yep, yep. He also spoke on his time playing with LeBron. Was it tough as hell? Yeah, it was tough. But also too, I think I was the the perfect person to play that role. There ain't a lot of people that could play that role. LeBron is an amazing player. But you gotta learn, you gotta work around him. Right. And you to work with him. As you seen my first, the first years we were together, we did everything together. Right. We did every interview together. A press conference. Every time you seen him, you seen me because we had to.


What Does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back. John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place. 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions. Apply c att.com/iphone for details.


Friday the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC and Peacock.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise and healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


We sold lock step and nobody wanted it. My team didn't want it. My family didn't want it. They were pissed. LeBron team didn't want it. No one wanted that to happen. The game of basketball didn't want it to happen. So I made sure I linked myself with LeBron even more because I knew we had to be so tight or it was gonna be a failure. Yeah. When it comes to that Miami Heat, big three. Dwayne Wade definitely took the biggest sacrifice. I always felt that way. Yeah. You know Dwayne Wade never won a league MVP when you think about it. Nope. And he had a couple of that, that that. Oh 8 0 9 season that oh nine 2010 season. Wade was the guy. Yeah. And now he about to drop a nail polish line.


Like, hey. All right. So Chris Brown, Chris Brown and Yellow Bey is being sued. So Chris Brown is being sued for 50 million after an incident that allegedly took place backstage at one of his concerts last Friday in Texas. Actually four men filed the lawsuit. And their names are Larry Parker, Joe, I mean Joseph Lewis, Charles Bush and DeMarcus Powell Live Nation and y are also being sued. The men were allegedly invited backstage to meet Chris Brown at his 1111 tour stop in Fort Worth. And they said Chris Brown showed up 30 minutes late later than they expected. Charles Bush claims he approached Chris Brown to congratulate him on the show.


But he went up to Chris Brown and someone from Chris Brown entourage reminded Chris Brown that they were beefing with Charles Bush in the past. Lord Jesus, he a alleged, he alleged that Chris Brown said, oh yeah, we were. What's up iga? I don't forget Ish. But you did. 'cause you had mind. You did. So you have be reminded that that's your office. Hilarious. I hate That. Like, yo, come on. He then claims that Chris Brown and seven to 10 members of his entourage, including Yell Bey jumped him. Larry Parker claims Chris Brown and his entourage turned their attention to him. He said he tried to escape down the stairs, but was stopped at the locked door. He alleged he Also, boy that is, but If, you getting beat up and you getting jumped and you run in the door lock.


Oh Lord God, what did I do to deserve this? My God. He alleges that he was beat up for over 10 minutes. No. Yes. 10 minutes like it was over there. That's Like four rounds. Absolutely. He just bong, bong, bong documents state that, I mean, not laughing at this man's pain documents state that all plaintiffs were injured and are currently undergoing medical treatment. They're seeking 50 million in damages for monetary losses, pain and suffering. Disfigurement. Oh my God. Disfigurement mean like he rearranged somebody's face. Yeah. Like put his nose on his ear, put his air on his mouth. Oh my gosh. Mental anguish and past, present and future medical expenses.


This is horrible. Okay. Representatives for Brown Breezy and Live Nation have not commented on the lawsuit yet. This is yeah, this, but if, if It was that bad, how come I, I wonder how come there was no criminal charges? How come nobody was arrested? Yeah. And why they go straight to to to civil. How do we know it's not? I I haven't seen anybody getting arrested. We ain't See Got arrested. By the way, the way you started this story off, I'm sitting there thinking why all these grown ass men wanting to go have a meet and greet with Chris Brown? 'cause You know, whenever you hear meet and greet with Chris Brown, I'm thinking about girls getting held up in the air. I'm All the pictures and stuff Like why? I'm like, guys can pay for the meeting. They Do. No, they can guys, the guys have been doing it too. They've been doing weird poses and like Yeah, definitely. What you mean weird poses?


Like they do, like back to back, like back to back poses. Oh, that's when there's a Pokemon, like it was like a Pokemon pose or something like that. Yeah, they been doing poses and another thing, if we have beef, if we don't like each other, why are you coming backstage to see me? He didn't know He ain't, Chris didn't know, but but the gentleman knew. Yeah. James Parker, I tell you something though, that'd be the favorite. That'd be the best. Right? When somebody done forgot something they done did, then they think it's years later and they think you done forgot and man Didn't, But why would the guy from the entourage be like, oh, yo, you got a problem with him? Remember? And he'd be like, oh yeah, I don't forget nothing. Boy. He said all of that be's like that. Sometimes he'd be like, what? Yeah. You remember? So remember that a word? That's the scene. Oh yeah. Right.


And where the video at, everything else on videotape, if they, if all, if Chris Brown and all these dudes, I'm not jump somebody, wouldn't it be on video or something? Yes. Especially backstage at a show. If it's that many people, somebody would Take it. If, you got beat up for over 10 minutes. Somebody had to put up their phone. Come on, That's 10 minutes and ain't no Chris Brown fighting for 10 minutes and ain't nobody pull out their phone. Come on. Now A any law enforcement would've loved to, to, to arrest people in that, in that show and say that they arrested Chris Brown. So it just seems a Little weird. This don't sound right. No, I'm not, I don't, I don't know. I'm just, I don't know who's telling the truth, who's not telling the truth. Right? I'm just simply saying, just don't sound right. Okay. And I don't be like, yo, ain't you tired how you beat me up for 10 minutes and you just go off stage? And why is the door locked?


And that was the only door. That was the only door. You just happened to pick the locked one. Oh my god. Lord have mercy. That's just for the mess for this hour. Alright, thank you Jess. All right, when we come back, we got front page news, Morgan will be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? So vice President Kamala Harris appeared on her first on camera event since the announcement she was at the ha the campaign headquarters in Delaware, where she laid out her experience as a California attorney general and courtroom prosecutor. Let's hear more from BP Harris in Delaware.


In those roles I took on perpetrators of all kinds predators, who abused women fraudsters, who ripped off consumers cheaters, who broke the rules for their own gain. So hear me when I say I know Donald Trump's type. So in the next 106 days, we have work to do. We have doors to knock on, we have people to talk to, we have phone calls to make, and we have an election to win. Hey man, there are no short bets in an election, but I'll tell you one thing. Styles make fights. And I. I I think Kamala Harris is tailor made to go up against this particular opponent because you're talking about a woman You know who can really speak to Roe v.


Wade being abolished. She can speak to women's reproductive rights being taken, taken away in a way that men can't You know. She's a prosecutor who's running for president against a recently convicted felon. It it feels right. Yeah. She, so she told her staff she will gladly put her record as a prosecutor against Trump's record as a criminal. She noted Trump has been found liable in a sexual assault case and found guilty of 34 counts of falsifying business records during the event she was on speaker phone with President Biden who said, leaving the 2024 race was the right thing to do. Let's hear more from Biden. I know yesterday's news is surprising and, and it's hard for you to hear, but it was the right thing to do.


So I'm hoping you'll give every bit of your heart and soul that you gave to me to Kamala You. know the name has to change the top of the ticket, but the mission hasn't changed at all. And by the way, I'm not going anywhere. I'm gonna be out there in the campaign with her with Kama. I'm gonna be working like hell. I'm gonna be honest with you. I listened to that phone call yesterday. And I felt like he still gave that whole room covid. Like I could feel the covid coming through the phone. Stupid. It just felt like, like, oh, he was like, oh, I'm glad we heard his voice though. But I was, I was kind of nervous though at first when he, when he released the statement and it wasn't a press conference. And he, and he has, he's been pretty quiet and just putting things on Twitter. I was kind of happy to hear his voice. Well, here's the reality of it. If we saw him on camera or we saw him doing any public events, then the people would eat him up and say he's a, a super spreader.


So right. Senior super Spreader. Yeah. So Biden also thanked his campaign staff and his family for his time. It was the first time the country had heard from Biden since his exit and the first time Harris spoke publicly about the 2024 race. Now during the call VP Harris, she did praise President Biden for his time adding that he's not done and there's still more work to do. Let's hear more for Vice President Harris on Biden. A firsthand witness from being with him in the Oval Office to the situation room and seeing him on the global stage with world leaders. President Joe Biden fights for the American people and we are deeply and deeply grateful for his service to our nation.


She's such a class act. So on Monday she did actually, she already secured enough delegate votes to receive the official Democratic presidential nomination, although I believe that doesn't officially happen until the DNC next month. But she received over 900 delegate endorsements, house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries and other democrats like Senate Majority leader Chuck Schumer. They will meet with Harris this week as she kicks off her campaign trail. He did not endorse her, but he did speak highly of her and he also praised President Biden for his decades of service. Let's hear more from Hakeem Jeffries. Kamala Harris has excited the community.


She's excited the House Democratic Caucus and she's exciting the country. And so I'm looking forward to sitting down with her in person in short order with Leader Schumer. And we'll have more to say about the path forward as soon as that meeting. Well, president Biden is gonna continue to do his job and he's put the country first. He's put the American people first. He's put hardworking American taxpayers first, which is what President Biden has always done. And it's also interesting that You know her campaign raised $81 million in the first 24 hours of her, of her candidacy. And it's like, I think it was over 888,000 grassroots donors contributed Yeah.


In those 24 hours. So You know, you can look on the internet and see You know people saying whatever they wanna say about Kamala, but what's, what, what would you rather have Real life or the internet? Because you got, everybody got an opinion online, but then in real life you got damn near a million people who, who who've donated over $81 million to her Jumping on Zoom calls here and there to donate money to her campaign is true. So What would you rather have? That's all I'm saying You. know what I mean? Like that's why I don't be paying no attention to the internet. Whatever the internet is on, do the opposite. You know what I like. Good old American football. That's what I like in the NFL teams across the league right now they're starting to report for training camp. The upcoming season is approaching. So rookies began reporting earlier this month and some teams are fully reporting last week.


But most teams will have their players at training camp today while some will wait till tomorrow. Now the 2024 Pro Football Hall of Fame game takes place on August 1st. So mark your calendars for that first preseason game of the year. And the sis the season, excuse me, will officially kick off on September 5th and Kansas City when the Chiefs Super Bowl winning championship Chiefs take on my Baltimore Ravens and they road to redemption. Ravens, let's go. Come on This now. This is Morgan, Jessica, Jess. This is where Charlemagne says his cowboys are gonna win. Go Charlamagne. Go Lulu. I'm applauding. See I'm only applauding because this is the year baby.


I've heard my Dallas Cowboys go to the Super Bowl. I heard that from 15 years. Guys, let's Go Baby You. know. That's why I'm a reformed commanders fan. Charlamagne. We do that every year too. Oh, you jumped the ship. You jumped the ship. I sure did. What? And commit to a name. How I'm supposed to commit to a team. What? Wow. Come Outta here. I've been committed to the Dallas Cowboy since birth. I ain't got no other choice. Committed to delusion. I get it. That's your front page news. So thank you Morgan. How Can they find you? Yeah, you guys follow me on social? Yes. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and continue to check out our news coverage at Black Information Network and BIN news.com. Yeah. Wife said that like a eighties rapper Morgan Morgan Drop that like Yeah.


To check out with the news. Yeah. Your mind. Yeah. Alright guys Later Morgan. Alright, now when we come back, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's Talk Kamala Harris, man, because You know Joe Biden did Step Down on Sunday and You know, it seems like things have been full steam ahead since then. She's raised $81 million over 888,000 You know grassroots donors, Small donations. That's Right. You know. So I, it feel like it's a lot of energy around her. I want to know what our listeners think. We ain't ask our listeners all week. I mean, it's only Tuesday, But 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now that Biden has dropped out and it seems like Kamala is taking over. What are your thoughts?


Are, are you energized? Let's Discuss this. Yeah, she don't have the nomination yet, but I'm just saying are you, if if she does get it, are you energized? Just about the process. I'm not here to tell you who to vote for. Just are you energized about her? Right? That's right. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club Daddy calling my phone. Calling my phone, Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we'll open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We reported yesterday that Biden has dropped out of the race so Well, sun Sunday.


He did drop out of the race and You know he endorsed You know his vice president Kamala Harris to be the next president of the United States of America. The, the, the nomination, she's not the official Democratic nominee yet, but not yet. She, it seems to be a lot of energy around her You. know what I'm saying? She raised, what, over 80 plus million dollars in 24 hours. I think I saw the number was 888,000. Almost a million people You know donating. That sounds Crazy because the Daily News right now it says Harris raised 231 million in 24 hours. It says she claimed a stunning 2200 31 million raised from small and big donate big donors probably in the first 24 hours since she launched her presidential campaign. But Hey, listen, probably, I mean that money has been rolling in, but my, my my point is like You know, you can look online and You know, of course she has a lot of support, but then of course she has a lot of hate just like anybody else.


Everybody, yeah. That's just the way The World is. But then you see all of those donations rolling in. My point is there's a whole lot of energy around her. So I just want to see how our listeners feel. How do you feel, Jess? 'cause I know you don't give a damn about politics either way. Yeah, but Kamala did do you a beautiful video when you first joined The. Breakfast Club. She sure. I'm talking about like She sure did and she did not have to. Just play That real quick. Eddie Jess, Hilarious. It's Kamala Harris. Congratulations on joining The. Breakfast Club. I know you're gonna be great. Your voice is so important. Have fun with Charlemagne and DJ Envy and thank you all for this being such an important voice for so many reasons. Take care. She ain't had to do that. Amazing. She did not have to do that, but she did.


I absolutely love her. And I seen this coming. So that's exactly how I feel about it. I mean, now you've seen this coming. You're so crazy. I mean, yeah, I seen her. She's a woman and she can speak directly to the issues that are up against us in this whole race. I-I-I-I-I, I agree with Jess. I I think styles make fights. I think Kamala Harris is tailor made to go against Donald Trump. A woman who can speak You know to Roe v. Wade being abolished. He can speak to women's reproductive rights being taken away in a, in a, in ways that men can't You know. She's a prosecutor who's running for president against a recently convicted felon in Donald Trump who's facing more charges.


I just believe she's the perfect candidate at the perfect time. And not only that, I think she's a good person. We, we had the, the, the opportunity to interview her a appear three times and, and just what she stands for. And, and, and, and also, like I said, being a good person, the fact that she graduated from HBCU, the fact that she was a prosecutor, the fact that she's not gonna back down the fact that she's not scared. The fact that she looks like all of us out there to me, well, I think, I think the prosecutor thing plays well for her right now. You know when she ran for president in 2020, that was something that people You know used against her. But I mean, You know when you going up against somebody who's got all the criminal charges that Donald Trump has, I don't think that there's a better person to prosecute the case against Trump than You know. A a former prosecutor, You know like the vice president.


So Democrats gonna need all this energy, man, because their only defense against voter suppression is large voter turnout. And I've been telling people You know since the Supreme Court's presidential immunity ruling that the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate institution. And I think that they're gonna be the big, the biggest hurdle. Yeah. For, for us having a free and fair election. I don't even know if our democracy right now and its current state is healthy enough for us to have a free and fair election. And what happens when You know if Donald Trump loses in November and then he challenges it with the Supreme Court that he damn near put together, he put three of those people on. What happens then? Right. But I don't wanna be a Debbie Downer. I just wanna know how y'all feel about Kamala right now. And. I ain't gonna lie. I was tired. I was politically tired. I was tired of Biden. I was tired of lying to us.


I was Would it Feel like you got a boost, Right? Yeah, I definitely got a boost. Feel like You got a little B12 shot. Yeah. You know what I mean? Definitely feel like that man whispered in your ear You. know what I'm saying? Got you excited. Right. What is happening? What, what did you whisper in my ear this morning when I walked in? Let's Go to the phones. All right. That's what I wanted to know. Hello? Who's this? Oh, this is Iris. Hey Iris. Ira, take this. I can't believe I made it. Oh my God. Good morning. Good morning, Iris. What's your thoughts, mama? Okay, so first let say I'm so happy to see a woman brother for president, and I'm grateful for that. However, does that mean I was on a fence even with Biden running again? Because everyone talks about, oh, let's get the black vote, let's get the black vote, and they get the black vote and nothing changes. And when I say nothing, I mean our education system.


Our children are suffering in New York City public schools and let's talk about services. My brother's paraplegic. He got hit by drunken drivers. Very hard for him to get services. And I understand that they allow the migrantes to come in, but they come in and they just overwhelmed them with services and they forget about the people that already here. So what's gonna change with that? What are they gonna do with the black agenda to help our children that's struggling in New York City public schools? They're not even on the same level as other kids in other countries. And that's what my concern is. So if something gonna change because Kamala is running instead of why didn't like help me out, we're confused there. Well, Those, those are all valid questions. A lot of those things you named are local issues though. Yeah. Like that's stuff you should be going to your local government with.


Yeah. Hello? Who's this? Yo, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. What's your name? Name, bro. My name Callie. What's up? Good morning. How y'all doing? Callie? Good morning. What's your thoughts brother? Callie? Hey man, I just wanna say y'all the goat, y'all help me survive mornings for a decade now from college to work. So I just wanna say that We old, we old baby, let's go. Thank you. Call just not just new, but we old. We old. Hey man. Oldness is greatness You know. You Already know. Anyway. I don't think America's ready. I don't think America's ready for a female president. You know what? I'm a black man. And. I, absolutely do not want another Democratic president in there. I think we should give the Republicans another try. There's a lot of agendas that the, the, the de the Democratic Party has kind of put in into place that I don't support.


I think they're destroying the black man. They're destroying the black family. I think they're ruining our country. And if you're living in New York like I am, man, this place is a financial nightmare. Not to mention crime. I think if we put Trump back in there, man, it's gonna be amazing. Kamala cannot do what he's gonna do to bring this country back for where it needs to be. And this is not a race thing because that's the number one thing they like to say when they talk about Trump and how he's a criminal and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I don't think any of that matters. His policy is what we need to focus on. And he's gonna get us back where we need to go. Kamala is not ready. I'm not here to tell. I'm not, I'm not here to tell you. I'm not here to tell you who to vote for You know. That's your opinion. Only thing I will say about the beginning part. You said you don't know if this country's ready to vote for a woman.


I don't have any reason to believe Kamala Harris cannot beat Donald Trump other than it's never happened in this country. And there always has to be a first, right? Like You know, people say in America never voted for a black woman, never elected a black woman. That's true. But people never voted for the executive producer of celebrity apprentice either until they did. Right? People never voted for a convicted felon. We about to see if they will. These are unprecedented times people. That's all I can tell you. Right? Not ready. You just get ready. Like what you talking about? She, she know what she up against. Like you just get ready. I don't understand. Like she not ready. How y'all gonna tell somebody not ready And and that's another good point just bought.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million. FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing, Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's mit do.org/careers.


Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities. And on to an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday, 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock.


Have you made the switch to Nicks? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel, and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


The Donald Trump had no political experience whatsoever. Not one. Nothing. Nothing at all. So This woman has been a senator, attorney general vice president. She, she seen ready to me. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking Kamala Harris. Are you energized now? The fact that Biden stepped down. How are you feeling out there? Let's discuss this to breakfast cloak. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it? It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's the JNV, just hilarious.


Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club If. You're just joining us. We're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We reported yesterday that Joe Biden is stepped down. It looks like Kamala Harris is gonna get that nomination. So we're asking, do you feel excited now? Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this is Phil. Hey, Phil. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Phil? Good morning. I think Kamala Harris has what it takes. I think she's a class act. Joe Biden did it. The way that I believe that people can look at that was as well as class act as well. I love what you guys are doing on the show, Charlemagne. You are hysterical. Thank you, sir. So listen, so so you're energized is what you're saying?


Yes, I am. Okay. That's all, that's all I'm asking you. 'cause I feel like there was no energy You know. I feel like people was like down about, about the election coming in November. I was, I definitely was. Hello, who's this? Hey, This is Tyler calling from Cape Coral, Florida. Hey Tyler. You called here before, correct? No, first timer here. Okay. Well, Welcome to the show to Tyler. What Tyler, Your thoughts talk to you. What do you feel, what do you feel right now? Well, to start, I respect And. I. Appreciate Biden for dropping out. He saved the country in 2020 and he's doing it again by doing this. I think Kamal is a great choice. He checks a lot of the boxes, a lot of voters that Biden was having trouble getting. And nobody better to prosecute that fat orange guy than a former prosecutor.


So, Okay. I I I just feel like You know when it, when it comes to the debate, I don't even think the debate's gonna happen again. But if, if they, Donald Trump Is not gonna debate Kamala Harris. I just feel like You know. Oh, He, he don't want that smoke. He don't want that. She would Wash him. And I would love to see it. Donald Trump is not debating Kamala Harris. Thank You, Tyler. I I I will be shocked if Donald Trump debates Kamala Harris. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Xavier from Virginia Beach, man. Xavier, what's up V Beach? What's going on, Man? Hey, I know it sounds crazy, man, but I, I seen all the people that she running with man for vp that the potential people, I just would love to say, man, I would love to see Michelle Obama be her running mate. Man. Why do y'all say things that don't make no sense sometimes?


Like, why? I mean, I, Dude would just laughing at me too. Dude would laugh real hard. But Yeah. Don't nobody like, nobody want to see that. Like she needs, she needs, and I'll say this, And I wouldn't give a damn what nobody think about it. She absolutely needs a white man, okay. To make other white men and white people feel comfortable. That's just the truth to the matter. I like Governor Shapiro. Yeah. I mean, I understand. In all reality, that's how it should be. It's just something we love to see. I get it. But it ain't about what you wanna see. It's about You know what it takes to win. I like Governor Shapiro of Pennsylvania. Josh Shapiro. Yeah. I like what he's done in Pennsylvania, regardless. Probation reform. I like Tim Ryan from Ohio. He, he, he was honest about the Biden situation when it was uncomfortable to do so.


I've been hearing people like Mark Kelly's name. Andy Beshear. Yeah, I heard him a lot too. The governor of North Carolina. I can't remember his name. It'll probably end up being Mark Kelly because he's an astronaut and he's a Baldhead white guy. You look at him, He's from Arizona. He Looks, he looks MAGA white. I like Josh Shapiro though. I I love Josh. I really, I really do. And, and if he did make it as vice president, he'd be the first Jewish vice President. You know. Of course. We know, know Pennsylvania's a a key state, so I really like Josh. It's Matter Birthday Jess. Yeah. I think Shapiro Was great. Shut up. Let's go to another full live You know Shapiro wants to build a wall around Baltimore.


Oh my God. See, you ain't even know that you just called. That's not true. Y'all, that's not true. Hello. This, Of course it's not true. Why would anybody think that's true? Morning. You never know what these people Hello. What's your thoughts, brother? I'm, I'm excited. I'm excited that Kamala is Kamala. Kamala Delicate. Kamala Sir. Kamala sound like a drink at medieval times. Kamala Cameron. Lemme get two cameras. I'm sorry. Go ahead, brother. Yeah, I'm, I'm excited about her. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm happy to be a Democrat right now. I'm, I'm motivated. I'm You know. I'm telling people that I'm, I'm gonna vote. I wasn't gonna vote for the other, the other two, but I, I'm excited. Okay. Okay. Well, That's good. It is getting people off the couch. 'cause we always said that the battle, it Was about, it was about Trumping the Couch.


The Democrats who were the cowards, the Republicans who were the crooks and the couch and You know. I think what the Democrats did showed a lot of courage. So I I I do like that they're showing something that they don't usually show You know to Mick Biden stepped down, took a lot of courage. Who's this on the phone? Good morning. My name's Amalia. Hey Amalia. Good morning. What's your, what's your opinion, Y'all? I'm nervous. I'm nervous as, But are you excited and nervous? I mean, I don't wanna say I'm excited just because she's a woman, but I didn't Say that. I'm not gonna vote for Trump. Yeah. I didn't say it should be excited 'cause she's a woman. I'm just, are you excited about the new energy, the fact that it's a new candidate? Sounds Like you don't like either of them. I, I don't, I don't like either of 'em, but we haven't, we don't even know what she's standing for yet.


Oh, I do. I mean, You know 'cause I vote for issues, not individuals and You know. I I I've supported, I supported the vice president when she ran for president in 2020 because I believed in her agenda. You know, I mean, right now I believe in women having all of their reproductive rights. You know, which I know Kamala does. I believe in major tax cuts for the working class, which I know Kamala does. I believe I believe in her business policies, period. You know. I believe in her, her stance on mental health. You know we was in, what was it, Somerville. We were in Somerville, South Carolina, our Goose Creek, South Carolina. I was with her. It was me and Kamala when she was running for president and Congressman Ja Moore. And she introduced her mental health initiative, You know, in, in Summerville, South Carolina. I think that was Summerville or Goose Creek. I can't remember. But no.


So What are three things that she did this over this past term that you're here for? Top three things. Top three things that she did. I like her stance on, I like her stance on black, black maternal health. Like I said, I like her stance on small businesses. You know what they've done with small businesses. And, I. I like, I like what they've done with HBCUs And three things that you dislike. Oh, my biggest issue with Kamala, and I've said this a million times, I get frustrated at the person that we know behind the scenes. I don't get to see her in front of the camera too much, but I think the Biggest thing I have right there. Yeah. That's my big, that's, that's, that's always been my biggest frustration with the vice president. My biggest frustration with the vice president is simply that the person we know behind the scenes, it feel like we don't ever get to see that in front of the camera.


She's shrunk in that role. But I said I felt like the, the Biden administration had handcuffs on her. So I hope for the next four months we get to see the real her. But you. But I Think that's what I hope. But any, anytime there is a vice president, you really don't see their personality too much. You really don't see that in any of the vice presidents ever. Yeah, but I guess I'm not looking for it 'cause I don't know them. Correct You know what I'm saying? Like, it like, it's different when you actually know a person and you sat down and you kicked it with 'em on air and off air. When you You know when You know a person, you looking for more. Right. That's all. Why shouldn't Hispanics vote for her? Oh, I don't know. I'm not Hispanic. You got, you got, but see, that's what I mean. Everybody gotta go out there and do their own research like I have. Yeah. Like I'm Why, why you can't answer these questions.


What are three things that you hate about her? You know the three things that church discuss. Don't I think she shrunk in her role. I'm, I'm shocked that she's going to be a nominee and now I need to step my game up and do my research. I honestly don't know. Yeah. That's all that's I'm saying And I. I'm not telling nobody who to vote for. I'm just telling you You know the things that I see. Right. That I support. I'm not saying I'm a Trump supporter at all. This project 25 is horrifying is true. You know. You never know what's true nowadays. True. Well, thank you for calling in. Thank you. Have a good one. Mama. Shit was a, what's what's the moral of the story guys? The moral of the story is, man, go out there. Do your own research.


You know and yeah, and do real research. Don't go online in the internet. And like, I, I like those questions that she has. Just find three things that you like about a, a candidate that you wanna support. Like it's, it's really that simple. 'cause I'm an issues person. I'm voting issues You know, not, not, not individuals. In 2024, I'm voting to protect what we have left with democracy and You know. I I I support Kamala because I I support You know women having all of their reproductive rights. You know, I I support You know major tax cuts for the working class. And I believe in our business policies. That's me. Yeah. But I was saying like it, I I respect her questions as well, but she's the one with the problem. So she has to do that research and answer those herself.


Right. Yeah. Because while she's not a Trump supporter, she's wondering why she should be energized about Kamala. All right. Do your research and figure it out. You know. I like you said, you're not telling nobody who to vote for. But still, I, I think also the moral of the story is it's a couple morals. People get a lot of their like answers and, and points and all of that from Instagram. I mean, not Instagram just comments what other people feel. We are a very, I see it. That's how I feel type of country. Like, and that's a small part of us. But that's influence. Like online what people see online, like you said, like you, you gotta read, you really gotta go. She got a website.


Like it is stuff that you have to step outside of social media to find out, to really get into this election. People Gotta do their homework. They just can't listen to an influence and say, I'm voting because of this. They have to do their homework and understand what that candidate is running for, what they're standing on. And, and make sure that whatever that candidate that that you're voting for follows what you agree with and follows the policies and things that you, that aligned with you. And Kamala gotta go out there and sell herself. 'cause like that young lady said she felt like Kamala disappeared. You know the things that you If you supported her in 2020. We don't know if that's her same agenda now. And Kamala has struggled sometimes to articulate what p policy positions drive her. I know You know the black maternal death rate drives her.


Right. That's one of the things I know drives her. That's one of the things that I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm big on. So I know mental health drives her, but she gotta go sell that to the people. Man. That's awesome. Absolutely. Now she does. Well You know now she does. But You know how people will always be like, oh, we don't see it. We don't see it. We she's a vp. Like she a vice president. Right? Is she supposed to be seen more than she was? I just expected to see her more. But that's because of my own personal feelings and my personal belief in her. That's what that was. That's what that was. Alright. But we got action folks. Yes, we do. Okay. November right around the corner. What we doing? And we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Oh My God.


It's gonna be a heavy hour. 'cause we're gonna be talking about the story of Sonya Massey. Lord have Mercy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's definitely the just with the mess gonna be pretty thick this this hour. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's the breakfast Love. Good morning. Yes. Morning everybody. It's the DJ Envy, Jess Charlemagne, God You. know there's, there's one other thing I wanted to mention that, that Kamala did over the last four years when she announced the new funding for mental health professionals in schools. It was like $285 million. I think it was the most, the most money ever from. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, they, they, yeah. $285 million is part of the administration's initiative to hire and train mental health counselors school. So that's a very large investment.


That was another thing. Remember she asked me what was thing the point too. That was another thing. Like you said, people gotta do their home Because I said mental health but I wanted to be specific about what I was talking About. Now let's get to Jess with the mess. Real Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide match on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. So a 12-year-old Smothers, her 8-year-old cousin to death over the phone. We got the report for that 12-year-old girl being accused of murdering her 8-year-old cousin is a stunning crime in any community.


Frederick Ag district attorney in the 28th Judicial District says the 8-year-old was found unresponsive in her bed in this house on East Mitchell. Monday, Wednesday a tipster said surveillance video from the bedroom revealed what happened. What does the video show? It shows the 12-year-old with her full body weight taking bedding and appears to be that the 8-year-old is asleep. She takes the bedding and she covers the eight year old's face. Did the 8-year-old wake up, did she struggle at any point? Yes ma'am. There is a part in the video where we see her struggling. I saw that story yesterday. I was in the kitchen whispering it to my wife because I You, know what I'm saying? 'cause you never know when the kids are listening so you don't wanna put nothing in their head.


Yeah, but I, I see that story And. I'm like, yo, what possessed that 12-year-old little girl where she even learn that from Like is it social media? Is it YouTube? Because You know I'm the old man that blames everything on YouTube nowadays. YouTube or tv. Something something that she see You know. See tv That was our mama them that was our mama. Them used to say that. Yeah. They watching too much of that damn tv. So I'm like, you watch too much of that damn YouTube social media. Like what causes the 12-year-old to do that and then even try to fix the crime. The crime. Yeah. She cleaned up the You, know what she did and then repositioned her little cousin's dead body. That's crazy. After That then you hear they gonna charge her with murder. So now you like, huh? Because There should be consequences. But for 12 year, that's what I'm saying.


Like I don't, it's like, oh man, I feel so sorry for that family man. Send the healing energy to the family of that 8-year-old girl. Oh my God. Mm. She the prosecutors, they wanna charge her as an adult to hell No, you can't charge that 12-year-old as as an adult. Prosecutors want to charge her as an adult. The district attorney says that the 12-year-old has been charged with first degree murder, hand tampering with evidence. But yeah, the prosecutor's definitely wanna charge her as an adult. And the eight year old's mother told the news network that the girls had just got into it over an iPhone. God damn. Over an iPhone. Over a device. That is crazy. So that plays to the internet. And. I mean she so Damn sad. You just pray your kids know better man. Yeah, but you just don't know what they're learning. You don't know what they're taking in.


I'm telling. That's what Oh boy Lord have Mercy. Yeah, it is crazy. Also, another heavy story. For the seven o'clock hour, the cops killed Sonya Massey. We got the report for that as well. Deputies arrived to Sonya Massey's house on July 6th after she reported a possible intruder body camera video shows them searching her property and taking special interest in a car with broken windows. They knock at least five times and Massey comes to the door mumbling something to Deputy Sean Grayson, who responds Probably hurts you. You Called us. The conversation appears to be wrapping up about a minute later then deputies ask more about that car and wind up coming inside Massey's house for some questions.


They notice the stove is on. Massey goes over to the pot of water and things take a fatal turn. Where you going Away your hot steaming water away From my hot steaming water. Yeah. Oh, I pink you in the name. I killed you in that. You better. Nah, that's where he got, I'll shoot your face. Deputy Grayson's body camera shows his vantage point as he raises his weapon. Massey places the pot down, puts her hands in the air and ducks Grayson shoots So damn sad. Yeah, that is sad. That is sad. And this just plays to like how I always hear y'all say like why is a gun the first thing like a shooting, like shooting people are the first thing that y'all go to.


They have tasers, they have mace You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. They could have maced her. But So he shot her 'cause she was boiling water? No. Okay. So when they went in the house to answer the questions about, she called the police because she said an intruder was in her home. And when they got to the scene, they seen that the windows, there was a, a car outside of her house that was parked. And the windows were bashed in. So when they came inside to question her further about this intruder, they noticed that it was a pot of water on the stove. And they asked her to turn it off. And she got closer to it. And as you see, as you can hear in the report, she was like, oh, back away from the, the hot water. And she started saying, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus. I rebuke in the name of Jesus to the cops.


And the guy was like, I swear I will shoot you in your face. And so said, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. He shot in your face. Yeah. And you can hear her sent right after he threatens to do that to her. You can hear her apologize. And, and she does get down like she lowers herself and she says, I'm sorry. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And that and after that he shot her. Yeah. Ain't no, ain't no pepper spray. Ain't no taser like you. Like you sh No, no, no. That cop. But he belongs to be under the jail. To the point. Absolutely. To the point where the other officer was like, oh my gosh, I'm gonna go get the whatever kid it is to I go get my to You know a medical kit. And he was like, nah, no need to get the medical kit. It was a headshot. It Was a headshot. Like talking to, talking like, like You shot A deer.


Like you shot a deer. It's not, it's a headshot. We good. Nah, you don't need that medical kit. Very sad. Or Like you playing Fortnite or something. That was just so simple and easy for him to comment that she was 36 years old. That's horrible. Said that. And Deputy Grayson, what's the race? She's black. She was a black woman. She's black woman officers. White. Yeah. Officers are white, both of them. Deputy Grayson the one who took the shot. He's 30 years old. He was indicted by grand jury last week on three counts of first degree murder and one count each of aggravated battery with a firearm and official misconduct. He pled not guilty. He was denied pretrial release.


And her family said that she suffered from mental illness issues and that she needed a helping hand. And not a short, I mean not a shot to the head. That's Right. That's right. And that's, and that's also why You know law enforcement needs checks and balances and you got somebody like Donald Trump out here promising to give police immunity from prosecution. Nah. Yeah, Nah. What I love is that Ben Crump is representing the family in this matter. I just saw him on tv. He was on, he's on the Today Show. Good Morning America. One of 'em. Him And I. I just saw him. Oh, The family. Yeah. Yeah. And her father spoke at a press conference. We got the audio for that as well. I want justice for my baby. Yeah. Kill the wrong black woman this time. Amen.


Amen. So the people of Sega and County have been great, but I want to tell y'all the sheriff is here is an embarrassment. 'cause this man should have never had a badge. He should have never had a gun. He should have never been given the opportunity to kill my child because he had some serious blem on his record. This man had two convictions for DUI and he was a member of law enforcement. What an embarrassment. I'm glad that this story is getting a lot of recognition because President Biden spoke on it too. He said, Sonya Maxey, a beloved mother, friend, daughter, and young black woman should be alive today. Sonya's death at the hands of a police officer reminds us that all too often black Americans face fears for their safety in many ways of the rest of us do in many ways that the rest of us do not.


So well. He also spoke on that. I'm glad you're raising awareness of it too, but God damn Warner brother. Next time I just walk into this just with the mess. And here you go with the two, two stories. I'm trying.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy? Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. As family secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures For more.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Friday the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nicks, that's KNIX period. Panties from K Nicks are like no other. Making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent. Perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's knicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


Trying avoid. Yeah, because I'm not trying, why are we trying to avoid them? I For my own mental health To burn The policy. See, but we need to make sure We have to, we have to know what the, We need to make sure they get prosecuted, But at least let me know Testing we need to make sure they're doing right. Say something like, look, this is what we about to talk about. It's a lot y'all want me to do. I have to report. I have to be like, Hey, she's censoring. Please. Yes. You ain't even thinking about how your baby feel right now. Thank you Jess. Bye Solomon. Who you gimme a donkey to? I don't even wanna talk. Right? It's enough. It's enough. Alright, but what Booy say, it's enough. I don't want to talk. It is enough. It's enough. Go to commercial Donkey. We're not doing co convers, but donkey come Energized.


No More we not doing You not Energized anymore. No, I'm actually down right Now. You're a downer. Oh my goodness. The breakfast local. Good morning. This is a miracle. There is No question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes you are a donkey to The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new development in the deadly Spa shooting rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what He did. And So we are in a state of emergency. Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white, white practice Club bitches.


Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day? Well, donkey today for Tuesday day July 23rd goes to an Ohio Republican, a senator by the name of George Lang. He represents the hometown of vice presidential Republican nominee JD Vance. And yesterday he did with a lot of supporters of Madu Best. And that's few dangerous rhetoric that can lead to political violence. Let's listen to what's Senator George Lang had to say. Oh, hold on, let's go. What's the news? I forgot what the news report. What is it? What's this dude? Let's W-L-W-T-N-B-C five. NBC five. Let go to NBC five for the report. Please You know how these things work at a poli, a political rally where several speakers get up before the main event. One of those Republican speakers today was state Senator George Lang, who's from Butler County here.


And he said, if the Democrats won the White House, here's what would have to happen to turn it around. Donald Trump and Butler County's JD Vance are the last chance to save our country politically. I'm afraid if we lose this one, it's gonna take a civil war to save the country and it will be saved. Senator Lang releasing an apology on X, formerly known as Twitter saying, remarks I made earlier today at a rally in Middletown do do not accurately reflect my views. I regret the divisive remarks I made and the excitement of the moment on stage, especially in light of the assassination attempt on President Trump last week. We should all be mindful of what is said at political events, myself included.


I'm afraid if we lose this one, it's gonna take a civil war to save the country and it will be saved. I can't believe it's been only about 10 days since an assassination attempt happened to former President Donald Trump. JD Vance and other Republicans said that it was the dangerous rhetoric from Democrats about Trump that led to the assassination attempt. I say you can't even talk about dangerous rhetoric that leads to political violence without first speaking about Donald Trump. And second speaking about damn near everyone around him that supports him. Okay? Donald Trump's rhetoric has created an environment of political violence that he's not even safe in. No politician is. And when you hear You know senators like George Lang say things like it's gonna take a Civil war to save the country. And then you think about You, know the president of the Heritage Foundation, Kevin Roberts You know the architect of Project 2025.


Remember when he said this? In spite of all this nonsense from the left, we are going to win. We're in the process of taking this country back and we are in the process of the second American Revolution, which will remain bloodless if the left allows it to be At some point. Ladies and Gman, you have to say one side is absolutely inciting political violence. And one side is just simply telling the truth about who's spewing the dangerous rhetoric that can lead to political violence. Did I ever tell you about back in May, I was walking in New York and a random guy walked up to me, Caucasian he had on khakis and a polo. And he said to me verbatim, he said, well, he said, he said my name and then he said some flattering things to me. And at this point I'm on guard.


Didn't no flattering stuff to you. Did he did. Did he did he did. He did. He did say some flattering things to me. Okay? And at this point I was on guard because why would anyone be saying anything nice to me? Alright. But he said to me verbatim, I want you to start speaking to the fact he said this to me, that regardless who of who wins in this country, it's gonna be a civil war. One of the reasons he said that is because of people like Senator George Lang or Kevin Roberts and You know, of course Donald Trump You know and he led an insurrection in this country. But he said, regardless of who wins, You know it's gonna be a civil war. And guess what? We don't know why that guy took a shot at Trump last weekend or the weekend before last. But that leads me to believe that maybe this random white dude who stopped me in the street was onto something.


And this is what I don't understand from our elected officials and from us. We the people. Why do we want this civil unrest? Have things gotten so bad in this country that political parties can't agree on anything? Is there that much of a disconnect that we have to go to war with each other? And, I'm telling you right now, it won't matter If you rich or poor, it won't matter what neighborhood you live in. It won't matter where you work. It don't matter what you driving in America where there is a civil war going on. It's not in America I want to live in. Okay? And we can continue to play stupid and act like we don't know where all of this negative energy is coming from, but we do. Okay. Kevin Roberts Trump supporters, send it to George Lang Trump supporter, people who stormed the capitol, Trump supporters.


At some point, everybody was from common sense, regardless of what your political party is gotta be like, how did we get here? And furthermore, how do we get out? I don't know what the answer to that is. Okay? I'm not about to lie to y'all and tell y'all I do okay. I can't sit around. I I do know voting is a start though. And I can't say voting is gonna end it, but I just know voting is indeed a start. I can't sit around and not encourage people to do something. When you have people like Senator George Lang, Kevin Roberts and Donald Trump out here talking like this. But someone smarter than me has to tell me what to do. Now. If, you heard the news report earlier then you heard Senator George Lang say he regretted using divisive language at a time of political violence.


What happens If, you yell bomb on a plane, If you yell bomb on a plane. It causes panic, maybe evacuations and legal consequences. You can't just say my bad after that. You can't just apologize your way outta screaming bomb on a plane. And you shouldn't be able to just apologize for saying that it's gonna be a civil war if your particular political party loses an election. I'm not telling you who to vote for, but if these people are willing to go to war about their vote, then damn it, you should use yours. Okay? 'cause it's about to get crazy out here. Please let Kathy Griffin give, send to George Lang the biggest hee-haw. Please Give this giant jar of mayo the biggest hee-haw And You.


know my man, Lil Duval You know the, the, the great black philosopher from Jacksonville named Lil Duvall. He tweeted a a a couple of days ago because I saw him post it on Instagram. He said, I'm not sure exactly what's about to happen, but something is about to happen and it's gonna be nothing that we can prepare for. Mm. And I agree. Okay. That's all I can tell y'all. I agree. Alright, Well thank you for that donkey of today. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051 yesterday. You Wanna talk about how these grades are driving women crazy nowadays. The young talking about I still got it. Yeah, were the guys the guy with the khakis on. Because You said that to me earlier. What?


You said you like my grades? I Didn't say that at all. Yes you Did. I said that. Boy, what did you talk About? Oh, I'm sorry. Why did you want him to to have upset his I just heard a man voice. But it was you, you right. Whoa, whoa. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Wow. Now yesterday 50 cent was trending yesterday. And that's because a video was released. 50 was in Toronto. And I. Guess Drake pulled up on him, came to his show and people were saying he's betraying Kendrick. So the question, Why the hell would 50 be be betraying Kendrick? Exactly. Makes no sense. But the question 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is your friend's enemy. Your enemy? That is the question. We're taking it out of the 56.


Depends the level of enemy. Drake's Situation 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is your friend's enemy. Your Enemy. All ops are not created equal. That is the question. And we'll Discuss when we come back. All ops are not created equal. Okay. And, and And I didn't know 50 and Kendrick was friends, but you just, we just talking about something else. We just talking about in general. Yeah, We're taking it out of it because that's where it, it it stemmed from. Okay. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss it. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We are opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. And we're asking, is your friend's enemy your enemy?


That is the question. Phone lines are lit up. Oh yeah. Is your friend's enemy your enemy? Let's Start with you, Jess. Most definitely. If, if there's You know, but it, it is definitely to a certain extent because honestly your friend could be on some petty ish, I You know what I'm saying? Like sometimes you, you have to have a reason. Somebody have to do something to you to not like You know for me to not like them. Like You know my, I got a lot, well I had a lot of friends that didn't like people for petty stuff. And I'm like, look yo, it is not even necessary ish. You know And I was already cool with that person. I may have been the person that introduced them too. So that would've been, that's like that. But like if me and she, if I, if she ain't got a problem, that's my best friend.


She ain't got a problem with somebody. I got a problem with 'em. Now, on the other hand, it was a situation that I had where I ain't like somebody that did me crazy, did me dirty and, and Shena had still wished this happy birthday the next day. And I was mad about that. Yo, I was really, really in my feelings about that. But what if Shena thought you was being petty? Nah, she ain't think I was being petty. She just thought because me and the girl would fall out all the time. But, and then we would be cool again. Thank you so much now, God Damn, look at that big back breakfast you got Anyway, we would be cool again. But she did something that she couldn't come back from. That's the girl that put my address, my phone number and everything online.


So why the, I mean, why does she need a happy birthday the next day? You know. So me, You know, I I had some choice words for my best friend about that, but she, it was done with that. But yeah, like If you if yeah, if my people's got a problem with somebody, I'm, I'm on go. It's the same thing. I, Whatever. I'm, I'm with you. I, I've learned not to be, 'cause I, I, because I think sometimes you can be too loyal. Yeah. But I was that type of person. If, if my friends had a problem with, if would've had a problem with somebody, I had a problem with somebody. And, but I, what I realized is, is, is is never reciprocated You. know what I mean? So when it's not reciprocated is is you, you start to let things go. Yeah. 'cause I You know.


And if I have a problem with you, it's usually when you playing with my family, right? You play with my family. I'm I'm all the way in on you. It is what it is. We can take it wherever you want, take it. We can go to to the, to the, to the devil with it when you play with my family. But yeah, what I realize is if if if, if a friend of mine has an enemy, it's because it's not no pettiness, right? Yeah. Like there's been people Charlemagne have problems with. And if Charlemagne has a problem with him, And, I see him in person. I I step to him, what's up, what's, what's up? What's your, what's up with this? That's, That's your dumb ass. But that's because nine times outta 10 I did something to cause it. But You know what I'm Saying? I'll be like heavy why you did that? Did you hear what I said about This person? Yeah. But but it is what it is. I mean, but you could say things but sometimes people take it too far You know what I mean? And there's been times where people like You know they like to go to hell with it.


And If you wanna go to hell with it. Sometimes we could go to hell together. But I just, I'm just one of those people. I'm sometimes too loyal. And I realize, just take my step back and take my things outta things because when, when the table's turned, it's never reciprocated. So Nope. But yeah, that's how it is. What about you Charlamagne? I mean it's levels to your ops. You know everything is on a case by case basis because the reality is if my peoples tell me something about somebody and it's like super od crazy foul, like I can't believe that person would do something like that. I'm gonna distance myself anyway from said individual You know or I'm gonna say something to 'em and that be the thing I don't like, don't tell me you don't like somebody. And then when the person come around, when I say something, you acting like I ain't you.


Why you say that to them? Yeah. You told me you don't mess with this person. I don't have that type of like containment, If. you tell me something, that person come around. I want to, I wanna say it directly to that person. I'm not an online person. I ain't going back and forth with you online. I ain't doing none of that. I want to see you, I want to have a conversation with you if there's an issue. Oh, I'm a thousand percent. And see I like, I like that conversation. I like to say it in your face because If, you could say it behind the scenes. If, you could say it behind my back or behind somebody's back. Now I'm gonna say it to your face. Absolutely. And See what it is. And that's the first thing, right? The first thing is when you come to me with something, You know If, you tell me you, you got a opt. If just say to me right now I got beef with such and such. First thing I'm gonna say is like, have you spoke to that person? He always do that. Like no.


Why would I, I wanna fight because, Because we need to talk to this person. And after we have a conversation with this individual, then we know if we not messing with this person no more. Yeah. But You know one thing and then we gonna go to the phone lines. My bad. But You know Charlamagne. See he like the, every time I'm about to jump out there, 'cause somebody got something to say, he still wanna be their friend. Like, he be like, no, because You know their mental health is not like what? Excuse me. People know I'm, people know exactly what they be saying. People know what's up. People be throwing little jabs acting like clowns being as I just be like, I'm about to say something. He be like, no, no, no, because maybe they didn't do that therapy this week I'm protecting Jess.


That's my, that is always my, my my, my mindset. I'm, I'm not worried about that person. I'm like, no Jess, I don't want you to do that. You bigger than that now you better than that right now. No need for you to jump out the window and get mixed up in something. And what do I always tell you? Because then now I gotta deal with this person. And, I don't want, I don't, I don't want to have to not have to cut this person off because it ain't that serious most of the time. Well, Let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? My name is all Hey. All, all like everybody. Yeah, exactly. Okay. All Well your, your, your mommy didn't know who the daddy was, Boy is that No have pronouns.


She named you after everybody. She thought she thought your daddy all y'all Inclusive man. She considers everybody Okay. She what? I said nah, she just includes everybody. She knows everybody. She includes Everyone. Okay. Mom. A good, your mom includes everybody. That's her pronoun? Yeah, she's inclusive Man. Oh, okay. Okay. Alright. Well that was the question I call it nowadays Is your friend's enemy. Your enemy. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. And If, you feel differently. You're not my friend. Right. I understand that. To a point. Yep. I agree. Thank you mama. Thank you All. What do y'all call enemies though? I don't. Yeah, I don't think y'all never had no real enemies. Y'all ain't never had nobody really trying to take y'all out. Excuse me. Yeah, right. You don't know what I've been on my life.


Well, all enemy. Hello. Who's this? I ain't had nobody. We trying to turn the radio down. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this is, this is Bernard from Jacksonville. Hey Bernard from Jacksonville. We're asking is your friend's enemy your enemy? Yes. Because I always tell if, if you're not my, if you're my friend and you're friends with somebody else that I don't mess with, then we can't be friends. Okay. Alright. Well, well thank you. What's your name? Bernard. Bernard. Thank you Bernard. Appreciate You. He from Jacksonville. Be be patient with him. Okay, well let's, let's take some more phone calls when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The question is your friend's enemy?


Your enemy? It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club If. you just joining us is we're asking is your friend's enemy your enemy? Now we were, we were all saying behind the scenes, I feel like If you, if my friend has an enemy, I have an enemy as well. Yeah. It depends how far it goes. Like if it's some stupid petty ish, then that's something small. But if it's something serious with somebody tries to, to hurt some something in your, you or your family or try to take something for you or try to stop the way that you eat or try to destroy your life, your career. Nah, we, we You gotta show me how serious it is though. 'cause Jess brought up a good point earlier when she was talking about her and Sheena and she said you and she, you and the girl used to fall out all the time.


So she ain't think nothing of it. I gotta see something, I gotta see a fight, I gotta see this. But if The girl posted Jesse's stuff online, What if I ain't see all that? That's just Best friend What we talking about? What are we talking about? You know everything like You know, not you talking about You know my best friend. Like come on You know everything you, because she was like, I seen it. I ain't think it was that serious. My baby, it was two of my numbers and my address. That's where my son lay his head at. What you talking about? That is true. You know that is true. Like so Yeah. Yeah. Me and the girl did fall out, but she ain't never do nothing like that You. know what I'm saying? And then that's, that's why I haven't seen her until that day. Let's go to the phone lines. Bria. Good morning. Good morning. Hey Bria, we're asking is your friend's enemy Your enemy?


Absolutely. You wanna elaborate? Absolutely. Yeah. So if you're not friends with someone, I know why you're not friends with them. Why am I hanging out with them? Why am I giving them conversation that's showing that I'm unloyal to my friend? That's right. Okay, thank you mama. There's nothing to talk about. Hello? Who's this? Devonna. Hey Devonna, we're asking is your friend's enemy your enemy? I guess it depends on what type of friend she is to one. She might just be a regular friend or she might be my best friend. That's just my best friend and it's her enemy then Absolutely my enemy is her enemy. But for the most part, if it it's just some random beat that they got, then You know. And me and the other person might have a good accord. And, I can't say that. But I can't speak for also if they get into an altercation, then I'm gonna be on my friend's side a hundred percent.


Okay, thank you. You know what it is man. We all get to a certain age where we know we can't beat nobody up no more. That's really the problem. Like when you young, you can just run down on people beat 'em up. But then you get to a certain age, you like You know you can't beat nobody up and it's frustrating You know what I mean? Yeah. Well I'm not dead yet, so. Oh yeah, you not old though. I'm I'm, I'm I'm d I'm like headlock mode Headlock. I was gonna Say you not dead yet either. I don't know why y'all won't be so old up here on this show, but no y'all can you, you can. Y'all both work out y'all both You. know what I'm saying? Y'all, y'all fight probably maturely, but still Maturely y'all. No, that's true because I think about what I'm gonna do to a person when I see him, I'm like, You, know what? I'm not gonna hurt that person.


I'm gonna like put him in a headlock. Give him a little nugg You. know what I mean? I might grab his ear, twist it, You know. That's dumb. I'll just push him. Just push him. Like come here, lemme talk to you. You know that that is so poke him like the Pillsbury Doughboy poke him all in his stomach. Come here. Come here man. Talk to you that's gay. Like what are we talking about? Hey, good morning. Come morning girl. How you doing? I'm doing great. How are you? Good. Less black and highly favored is your friend's enemy. Your enemy? So it definitely all depends because if my friend is doing something dangerous, for example, my brother was murdered by his friend and had he known that this friend had this envy and jealousy about him, he could probably still be alive today.


So it all definitely depends. If your friend is doing something dangerous, they're not trying to take responsibility or do something about it, they need to stay away from them. And you need to let other people know about that so that they don't get cross because somebody could lose a life. Can I tell you, places Aren't just something regular anymore. That's the actual relationship. So you need to take it serious. I agree with you Queen, but man I'm gonna tell you something about us as black people. We say the most traumatic things so effortlessly I, what does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help Seek therapy. Of course.


Don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries, MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Friday the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock.


Have you made the switch to Nicks? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent. Perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


Exactly what she just said. She just said it so effortlessly like it was nothing. And you hung up on her like it was nothing after she said something traumatic. Well, we gotta get just with the message. There ain't no, you just, you ain't even give the girl no condolences. You just hung up with the woman. I wanted to have a conversation with her about this traumatic experience. You just told her And I was talking about. Sorry, my Brother. You see that Jess? Yeah. Envy just hung up. Yeah, she was telling us like somebody killed her brother behind something like that. So, I'm sorry. Queen Envy just hung up on you with, with the most disrespect. I don't know why, but like I was saying, I just think it's, it's just, we just say the most traumatic things. Like it's nothing So effortlessly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would say it. That was, she was saying we gotta take it more serious, but she was kind of cut off a little bit.


A little bit. You mean when Emmy just slammed the phone down on her for no damn reason After she did Not slam the phone. The phone. Hello ma'am. Hello? Were you the one that just called in a second ago? No. Yeah. Okay. You told us about your brother, your brother that got killed. Oh no. I'm a new person. Oh, okay. Well, since you're here, tell us your trauma since you're here. I hate this Phrase. I hate, I I wanted to answer the question about the friend. Ma'am, Go ahead mama. Answer the question. Oh, go Ahead. Go Ahead. Okay. So like, it depends basically how long you knew the person. Because like my best friend, no matter if she like whoever, she don't like them, I don't like them. But if I knew like the person before I knew you then like You know I, it depends on the situation.


I was thinking about you too. You know. Well, thank you. Thank you for your call. You hung up on that poor lady. I did Is crying. Now she not trying To. You hung up on it for no damn reason. No I did. 'cause we gotta go to just with the mess. Ain't even mad. You ain't giving no condolences, no nothing. Condo discussing. Now we Apologize. Now don't about just with the mess now y'all won't care. We always care about just with the mess. What's the moral of the story guy? So the moral of the story in your case, envy, stop being loyal to everybody like You. know what I'm saying? Like just You know what mind your business. 'cause people not reciprocating that energy. I don't like that for you. So thank you. Just stop. Just stop. We know you gonna go crazy about your family. Yes ma'am. So just don't even, don't even give people that. 'cause people don't deserve it.


Charlemagne, he's a clown. Me the, for me, the moral of the story is You know just continues to be loyal to your Nevermind. All right. Just when Es is coming up and Cash Doll addressed the backlash because she got tired of people coming at her. Remember I was telling her yesterday she broke up our baby forever. Her baby forever went online. It was like, I'm alright, I'm okay. She had some more to say, but I like what she said. 'cause all women need to hear this and really, really stop listening. Stop worrying about the messenger and listen to the message. So we gonna get to that. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast, Club. Go. Let's get right to Jess with the best news is real.


Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, She Don't spill nobody Worldwide. Jeff Worldwide Batman on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Okay, so yesterday, y'all know I reported on Cash Doll announcing her breakup from Tracy T. That's her baby daddy or whatever. They just gave birth to a little girl named Clarity. That's so nice just to You know Reh. It's a dope name. She said, she said, I know, right? And she found the clarity to leave ass anyway.


He looks so single And I. Don't give a f about what y'all saying about me having two kids by him now I'm just a baby mama, blah blah, blah. I'm not dealing with just anything to keep my family together. That's what she said, Tracy. He shared a video seemingly unbothered but very much bothered at the same time. And then cash do hopped on social media to address the people that was reacting to her breakup. That's what she said. I'm mad about my breakup more than me. Why y'all keep coming out here and talking about y'all? Sorry for my breakup. Leave me alone. I ain't sorry. I feel like it's women. Y'all should just, we should put our ourself first anyway. And that ain't got nothing to do with just men. It's just period. We bring so much to the table. It's just because now y'all gotta go to court.


That's all that do. Yeah. Then especially when you have a little girl, you just be like, oh nah, I'm not dealing with that type of, you wait on do the right thing. You won't never have no mother kids. And we here to reproduce. So guess what? I had my kids, they here And, I love 'em, they mine, whoever got something to say about it. So three things about what she said. Okay. So she was like, I don't know why y'all keep coming on here. Sambo. Sorry about my, that's 'cause you told us babe. And people actually love you and they love that you didn't put up You know your relationship on Front Street. It just looks like you're happy. And what people don't know is, is is better You. know what I mean? But apparently you were going through some things behind the scenes and you just got fed up, had you had your baby, you was like, all right, I'm done.


That's cool. The thing that she said about women putting themselves first. I do agree with that. We do take a lot off of men. You know I've taken a lot off of men. Charlamagne, you're, you've taken a lot off of men as well. So I I know that you can deal with putting yourself first. You know. I know you for the women. Okay. And then the third thing that she said about marriage, 'cause IIII disagree with that. I love me some cash doll, but I disagree with that marriage. You, you have to be a bit more mature when you're thinking about a marriage, not a wedding. I agree. Like in marriage, when you, that's like a covenant. That's a commitment. That's Yeah.


Some people look at it as a contract and a business deal for by the state or the government, whatever, wherever they get married at. But that's like a whole nother step to your life with your partner. That's not just your boyfriend, your girlfriend, your baby father, your your and and You agree to share your life with somebody else. Yeah. That's, yeah. And that's different. It is not just about you, it's about that unity You know what I mean? And she kind of downplayed it a little bit and that's how she feel. I'm not discrediting how she feel, but to say I don't what damn what'd she saying About this. Right. I do, I do feel like You know And I. I, there was one thing that she said that I've heard a lot of women say recently. And I. It's sad, right? Because it's like, damn, how did it get to that point where she, she said, I don't, I think I'm paraphrasing, but basically I don't need a man to have a baby.


I You know. I couldn't even If. you may not, you may not can find the right man, but you can have people want kids. Right. Which is cool. But You know. I'm just like, damn. A lot of women are saying that though. Yeah. Is, are men that bad out here? Is that much of a shortage of men or is it a Yeah, a disconnect. Where's the disconnect between men and women now? They say it is. They Say it's, it's a lot of unhealed men and, and women can't find the right one for them. But there's a lot of unhealed women too though. Right. But it's a lot of unhealed women as well. You know what I mean? And they try to sweep that under the rug. But that's true too. Just as a human race, just no matter what sexuality there are a lot of unhealed. I mean, unhealed hands, Unheeded people, unheeded, Unheeded, unheeded. They were unheeded people. Man been causing problems for a long time. Well, You know, a lot of times women, women don't wanna wait. They don't wanna wait for the quote, quote unquote Right.


One, they want a child, they wanna raise a child young or they wanna raise a child when they feel like they want to. Yeah, right. They're tired of waiting. Basically what I was trying to say for showman cut me off and didn't know what he was about to say. Eva was, when he was saying like what she said about marriage, she was like, no. The only thing they, y'all talking about marriage and a ring and all of that. The only thing, only difference between a relationship and a marriage is it's just harder to break up. You gotta go in court. No, it's a big, it's a, it's bigger than that. That's what I mean by people don't look at marriage like it. Like for what it really is. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like the, the whole it is more, much more sacred. Marriage is what happens. Marriage is what happens. You know how we always say we go together.


Yeah. Going where to the altar. That's what marriage is. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like that's what that marriage is the destination from going together. Right. Okay. And But yeah, I wanted to update the story 'cause I reported it yesterday. But I do like how she said more women should put them themselves first anyway. Yeah, absolutely. And whether that be after two babies with a guy, one baby, whatever. After you got it wrong so many times, it just is what it is. Start putting yourself first. You know. Yep. Free. And that's just what You got time for that one. If. you got If you need, Alright. Yeah. So look right, You ate that up Jess. That's Stuck. Why You know what? What? He is so stupid. What? I don't care. He been very kinky. Easily him.


Go ahead Jess. So Cardi B argues with this TikTok user, right? So I I the reason why we're putting this story, I'm tired of Cardi doing this because she's way too important to be doing this. I, I don't care. Like so she went back and forth on Twitter with this girl or whatever, right? So she said all the girl said why does card B feel like she's above criticism? You know all her peers are dropping albums and doing progressive things in their career and she sticks out like a sore thumb, blah blah blah. So card went in on it was like, bitch you got three stomachs so don't worry about me. Yeah, That's what I'm talking about. Cardi drop on a cruise bomb for body three stomachs. Okay F healing. It's time to traumatize everybody back. That's been traumatizing. You let's Go.


Yeah. Like shit, I guess she got sick of it but this the video, the girl made a video and this what she said about Cardi Before y'all start. No, she came and found my tweet after all the tweets that I was tweeting to praise her and chose that one and she should have stood on it. Now don't delete nothing because I'm just now seeing it. And I just woke up and it hit the block. You caught red handed all that back biting. You thought you was going behind your button and clearing him for you doing the same thing. Don't throw no rock could hide your hand Miss Mamas. It ain't a ET sketch in the mother world who could ever make me feel bad about my body. You done touched everything on you and you still got so many insecurities. 'cause you can't keep your husband at home. You have paid for to get beat up.


'cause they wanna the same at the end of the day you sat there and paid for everything on you and you still insecure. So after she did all that nothing. Right? Basically Internet ain't none of this. Is that Serious? I'm telling you. Yeah. Just because she Yo said you thought you got away baby. You couldn't run and catch me if we was outside. So that's the thing. Anyway, she posted her, this girl posted her and offset DM and said I heard you was single Now I got some things I wanna do to you when you get free let me know. We can go over details. So she post The girl, the girl that did that video just now did that the offset. Yeah. Talking about, oh I was praising her during her breakup. Now this is around the same time that she actually was praising her 'cause 'cause she was tweeting about You know Offset and Cardi broke up.


She had tweeted Offset missed his true blessings. He ain't gonna get another woman. As lawyer was supportive and supportive as card B, she came into his life and added value and such and such and all of that. Right? But then you in this Mad DM. So she Cardy had posted it and was like, so the whole time this was, this is what it was about. You made it about my album, my plastic surgery, my marriage and all that. 'cause you wanted to sleep with my baby dad. Y'all are so weird. But see that's what happens when you let anybody get into your mind. This is still a anybody Okay, three stomachs. Yeah, she do got them. So she wasn't eligible for Offset anyway. But I'm just saying like she wasn't eligible. Yeah, she wasn't eligible. He wasn't qualified. He wasn't, he ain't never answered the damn anyway baby. So you dumb, you made yourself look dumber anyway.


But like Cardi, why you even arguing with her? 'cause she got a check next to her name. Cardi got better things to do. Cardi got better things to do and the young lady got better things to do. I'm sure. Probably not. Probably not. We see what's going on. So Alright. It's just like, no, I think that was so dumb. But Cardi better stop giving these people 'cause You know how many followers that girl got off that I Don't know. Crazy. Even more. I do agree. I think Cardi should leave. Just leave them alone man. It ain't no say because you be going at all these people, you give them more light than they, they actually need. But sometimes Cardi B feels like she gotta get her rocks off. Like you, you throw a, you throw a shot at me, I'm gonna throw a shot back at you. Sometimes people feel like, because I'm not a celebrity, I could throw as many shots as you as I want.


Nobody's gonna say anything And sometimes you just need that to pop somebody's hand sometimes. Yeah. They Think you the bigger person. That's right. Until you drag em. Alright, well thank you. That's just with the mess that is. Now let's get to the mix. Let's go morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Charlamagne, the guy We are The, Breakfast, Club. I'm just making sure you guys are now hype, excited. The fact that Biden is out and now that Kamala is running The hell kind of question. Is that you? God damn right. I'm excited about time, about damn time. That's something that I've been saying and screaming for You know a minute. Okay, so it it Feels a lot better. I just felt Biden was wasn't for me. It, he felt like he had early signs of dementia.


He felt like he's slow it, it didn't feel like he could run for another four years. So I I'm been super duper excited that Kamala Harris, who's been up here three times, who's A-H-B-C-U grad. I, She's been up here more than that. You think So? Maybe it was three. I mean, may Well yeah, And I interviewed her on my TV show, but You know. I I Yeah, he's Accessible. Yeah. I've been saying for the past year better that for the good of the country, You know Biden should step aside and 'cause all the negatives he had simply weren't going to change And. I was asking a simple question, can Biden beat Donald Trump? The answer to me was no. Now I don't know if Vice President Kamala Harris can beat Trump either, but I know I'd rather roll the dice with her than You know. Roll the dice with President Biden. Absolutely. Yes. So, All right. You know it, it is what it is. I'm happy to see the energy that's around her, but that don't guarantee nothing.


And Call a 10 right now. Eight hundred five eighty five one oh five one. You get a family. Four pack of tickets to my car show presented by Lincoln Tech to drive your Dreams Car Show. It's going down to Meadowlands Expo Center. August 17th in New Jersey. If, you haven't got your tickets yet. I know. VIP tickets are selling out. Also vendor tables of us selling out. So If, you haven't got your tickets. Get them now. Again, that's August 17th is a family fund day. We're gonna have cards from every, not every celebrity, but Cardi B offset French Montana, A Boogie Base wear CashCo, Bain, just to name a few. And there's kids five and under a free, it's gonna be a family fun day. What About Go-karts? Thought about Go-karts. Y'all should do like a Mario Go-kart section. So you have Mario's go-Kart.


Luigi's You. know what I'm saying? That's That'd be fun. That's told Princess Thought about that. But it's a liability when if somebody runs into the wall and gets hurt. Hmm. It's a liability. Somebody gets hurt. I don't know what you're talking about. Exactly. Hey, happy born day to Michelle Williams too, man. Salute to the good sister Michelle Williams. Salute. Today is her born day. Make sure you subscribe to her podcast, the checking in podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. That is the only reason why he say happy Birthday to her. Michelle is the homie. I've been knowing Michelle for years. Like a long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long time. Nice. Nice. I love Michelle Too. Well, when we come back, we got a positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. I just want to tell people, make sure you go out there and get my book. Get Honest to Die Line. Why Small Talk Sucks is available everywhere. You buy books Now you might have saw me yesterday on Jake Tapper show with my good sister Angela Rye promoting the book. So yeah, If, you saw me on there yesterday and wanted to get it. Thank you If. you listen to The Breakfast Club every morning and want to get it And I already got it. Thank you too. And I'm gonna be in Cincinnati Saturday, but I just keep forgetting where. But tomorrow I'll let y'all know where I'm I'm. Yeah, I shouldn't even have said that, but SLU to Cincinnati, I see y'all Saying that. Go on your website. Tell 'em go to your website. My website ain't got none of that stuff up there To see.


For real. I don't even know what's on my website. Jesus Christ. Oh, why Nevermind. Jesus Christ. Leave Us on the positive though. Listen to positive notice simply this. I used to tolerate a lot because I didn't wanna lose people. Now I establish boundaries because I don't wanna lose myself. Yeah, Jeff. Yeah. You like that? Yeah. Yeah. It's cool. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


With the lucky land slots, you can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. See website for details.


You ever get the feeling the city walls closing in the concrete jungle suffocating your soul. You crave wide open spaces, the chance to connect with nature. Maybe chase some milk, fish, a private stream. Well listen up. There's a whole world out there and finding your own piece of it just got easier. Head over to land.com. They've got ranches, forest Mountains, you name it. Search by acreage location, the kind of hunting or fishing you dream of land.com. It's where the adventure begins.


Hey, Have you ever used Cheapo Air For years? And I really like it with Cheapo Air. You can book online, use their app, or even over the phone. They've got great prices on over 500 airlines and millions of accommodations. They're my go-to for travel planning and If. you join their Club Miles program. You can earn points to save on the cost of your travel book on the app, and you get double points. Sounds Like it's time I tried Cheap O Air. Call cheap O Air at (855) 247-3279 or visit cheap o air.com/podcast.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.