
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny, seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with Hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The Guy. Peace to the Planet is Thursday. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Pa happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening That's right today is bring your child or children to Workday. So I got three of my six here with me this morning. Nice. They woke up at 2:00 AM to get ready. Two Gear, got 'em up at two. Had to do here, had to wash 'em, and Daddy had to do everything. So they got up at two. Dang. So they ready to rock and roll. So they ready to work. So if you need anything from them, including TikTok Dances, they will do. Put the kids to work. That's Put them to work.


Put their ass to work. But hold up. No. Where the baby at. You told Lauren you gonna bring The baby. I was gonna bring the baby and, and give that to Lauren. I don't think Lauren could handle her for Absolutely not for four hours. And then they would have be, it would be on me. Right. See, I, that's why I didn't bring my baby. 'cause I thought you was gonna bring your baby. That's too many babies for Lauren's. Too many babies for Lauren. So that's Why I didn't bring mine. But it's all good. Lauren do work in between segments. I Know, but she took on that responsibility. She Said bring the baby for Her. Lauren, just trying to figure it out. Lauren, like, look, maybe I need to get a couple more jobs up here just so I can shout, just so I can make sure I'm here, here, here. Okay. Well, From South Carolina 8 0 3 Fresh will be joining us this morning. Oh, My guy 8 0 3 Fresh will be here this morning. Man. If you don't know the name, you definitely know the song Boots on the Ground.


That's right. Okay. If you don't know the song Give, you know that Where the fans at, where the fans at. Okay. Man. Where the fans at. Yes. Right. Boots are on the ground. So we gonna find out how that song came about. The line Dance of that song and everything like that. So that song came out in December and it's probably been one of the biggest records, especially when it comes to HBCU. And especially it comes to a lot of the big clubs. And line dancing is huge in the South. Yeah. Emini here. Sovereign Soul is a, is a genre within itself. Salute the King George. You know what I'm saying? And 8 0 3 Fresh is, you know, really breaking out right now. Bringing a lot of attention to Southern Soul. We gonna talk to him this morning. Yeah. And we're gonna get boots on the ground. So if you don't know what it is, you, as soon as you hear this song, you'll be like, ah, that's that song. All right. Well let's get the show Crack.


And we got front page news. We'll break down everything that's going on. There's huge wildfires Yeah. In New Jersey that they're saying could mess up the air quality and the surrounding states. Have you smelled anything, any of you guys? No. But what Part of Jersey was that? They said Ocean County. Oh, okay. Never heard of it, but they said you'll be able to smell it in Maryland. You'll be able to smell it in New York and and surrounding states. So I haven't smelled anything. We'll get more details and I'm sure we'll break down Trump some more. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Now the rockers beat the Warriors last night. They tied a series one one, the Cavaliers beat the Heat, they lead that Series two nothing.


And the Celtics beat the magic. They lead that Series two, nothing as well. Now the 2025 NFL draft begins today at 8:00 PM on ESPN. So we'll check out who's the giants to pick and who get the top three Duty. The young ladies still float around the NFL draft and wait for the ballers. Or they don't care about NFL players no more. Well, The draft is now just as big as anything else because before you know, they don't really celebrate the Pro Bowl. I'm talking about the whores though. Do the horse float around the n's? What I'm trying to tell you, draft It's a thing now. Now they have parties. It's pre-draft parties. It's just huge Thing Emini here. It's always been a thing because you know, they're like boaters circling around. Oh, It is way worse now. Ever since it, it hit Detroit a couple of years ago. It's been crazy. Gotcha. So it's like a flock. Y'all talking about a flock Of girls? Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Just waiting for the people that they think getting this new money. Oh, I know. That's right. That's all. What'd it be? You still? Hey Noah. Good morning, Brie ex boyfriend. Hey, good morning. How are you? You guys? Good morning. Nb Charlamagne and Jess. Hilarious. Happy Thursday to You. Yes ma'am. Same To you. All right, so here's what's trending in your news this morning. Now, NBU did mention the Ocean County wildfire, which is officials are saying could become New Jersey's largest wildfire in more than two decades. So now the smoke from New Jersey, which you mentioned, it's forcing an air quality alert for New York City. Fire crews are continuing to make progress on the Jones Road wildfire. That is in Ocean County. It's destroyed now over 13,000 acres since Tuesday morning.


And it's now 50% contained. So over 5,000 people were forced to evacuate because of that fire. But so far there have been no fatalities reported, which is a great thing. Fire Chief Bill Donnelly says it's being fed by pine needles and dry leaves. But that progress they're continuing to make. And we have more from Trevor Rainer. He is part of the New Jersey Forest Fire Service. And a press conference yesterday. He kind of gave a little update on what's going on with how many people he has on the ground for this. We had resources there quickly. We dispatched aircraft. And even with a big show of force to contain this fire, it still grew, grew to be a large wildfire.


Yeah. So hundreds of firefighters are still battling that Blaze, which was first spot at Tuesday morning in Verna Township. Now, are you guys familiar with that area at all? No. Has it been a No, Not at all. It's pretty far. Has have they said it was arson or was it just natural? No, no. They're saying it's natural. And right now they're not suspecting arson, but it's being fed by all of the dry leaves and just catching fire with all the brush that's on the ground. So it said it's spread to Lacey and Ocean Townships and the fire chief, he's, he's just working Dan night and hopefully saying that by Friday night into Saturday, you've got rain in the forecast. So that should clear everything up. Hopefully. Since y'all been living Here, have y'all ever seen any, that's the first time I've seen New.


Hasn't been anything. And the only other thing that we've seen was, remember when Canada had those crazy wildfires in New Jersey, but never in New Jersey. And, but it's been pretty wet. It's, it's rained last week. I really Don't know. And New York air quality already trashed. It's already hard. So, so Emini here, you know, they can try to blame it on the wildfires all they want. Okay. You just dump the trash on top of more trash. They're definitely praying for that rain this weekend. And so, in more news, we've got 12 states that have filed lawsuits against the Trump administration, over the president's tariff decisions. Now, New York Attorney General Leticia James released a statement saying, president Trump quote does not have the power to raise taxes on a whim. But that's exactly what he's been doing with these tariffs. Now, Connecticut, Arizona, Illinois, Colorado, Minnesota, and Delaware are joining New York in the lawsuit, along with Maine, New Mexico, Oregon, Vermont, and Nevada.


The attorneys general are seeking a court order, declaring the tariffs illegal. Have you guys been hearing any, anything there about what's been going on with the lawsuit? I haven't heard anything about it. It's the first I'm hearing of Brie. That's why your job is so important. All right. So yeah, I'm sure we'll be updating that with you guys tomorrow or today if we get it before the 7:00 AM hour. Also in the news, we've got President Trump signing multiple executive orders centered around education. Now, Trump recently signed seven orders from the Oval Office with some of the changes, including introducing a new college accreditation process. Also, he wants to increase empowerment to HBCUs and improve education centered around AI technology.


So this order was also signed to reinstate what they are calling common Sense school discipline policies. And that is all education Secretary Linda McMahon. She says, that will boost school safety standards. Adding that disciplinary action should be based exclusively on students' behavior and actions. So she wants to return disciplinary action to the teachers and just allow them to handle their classrooms the way they see Fit. They don't have that now. Uhuh. What you mean? Disciplinary Action. I didn't know that changed. What you talking about? What You talking about? Disciplinary action. You know, Whatever guess you get in trouble when you act up. But they jack down. Oh, I thought they were saying like you a pop the kids something physically. Well, they didn't mention anything about physically, but I guess they're saying make it the teacher's responsibility to discipline the students in their classrooms.


Sound, Sound like going back to the paddle days. That don't even really sound. Yeah, because how else could you discipline a kid for acting up other than doing detention? Sending them to the office or Call ISS We used to have is SS in school. But How was is s What is I in School Suspension. In school suspension. We that too. Yeah. But, and so the teachers do that now. I thought, yeah, Maybe they don't. Well, yeah. Trouble, They might have pulled back when y'all in trouble. 'cause you know, a lot of parents were upset. Yeah. You know, some teachers, when they think they go too far, students could go home and say anything and the teachers will get in trouble. So I got my, when y'all get in trouble in class, is it the teacher or what happens? Usually come to the mic, come closer. The teacher. The teacher. You get Detention, suspension, all that.


Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I'm like, what? Did they take discipline outta school? Maybe I missed it. I don't know. I don know It might be happening in some schools, but, you know, hopefully she'll expound on that a little bit more. Also, president Trump says he plans to create a White House initiative within the executive office of the president, seeking to promote private sector partnerships with HBCUs. Also enhance workforce preparation in high growth industries like technology and finance, and remove barriers to grant funding. Additionally, the White House is saying it's planning to hold an annual HBCU summit, though I'm sure more will be coming out about that, and we'll definitely keep you updated. If you recall, back in 2019, president Trump did sign a bipartisan bill providing over $250 million annually to HBCUs.


That's known as the Future Act. So, you know, despite some of the recent concerns about the federal funding cuts that have been happening, supporters of this are saying The Future Act is continuing to provide that financial support specifically to HBCUs. No, that's good. Yeah. You Just say, you know, I, I give props to wherever it's due. If you know Republicans do something good, give 'em props for that. If they do something bad, you gotta hold 'em accountable. If Democrats do something good, give 'em props for that. If Democrats do something bad, you gotta hold 'em accountable. Quarter million annually to HBCUs is AO okay to me. All right. Well, Yeah, we just wanna make sure that money's actually being allocated, so. Yep. Yep. And that is front page news. Bree, we'll see you next hour. Yes. Everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051 today is bring your kids or bring your children to Workday. My kids are here. Hopefully you're bringing your kids with you as well. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now. Here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Envy? What's up? Envy? What's up Trav? Just hilarious.


Hey, Boo Charlamagne. God, What up sis? How you I am doing good. I am doing good. Good to hear y'all voices. Y'all was on a little fake break last week. A little fake break. I bet. I I bet you want to collab with Kanye now, don't you? You wanna produce a record for Kanye, don't you? Damn. Damn. No, don't, don't. Wow. Trav tell the truth. These, that is not funny. Especially with that man out here molesting his cousin. That is not funny. Why Y'all say molesting? God damn. That's how, that's how he made it sound. Very how he I think so. He said he showed it to his cousin and he acted on his cousin. Yeah, he Showed it to his cousin and he was the one doing something to his Cousin. But first of all, we don't know how old they were. Nope. Yeah, you're right, Because he said they were reenacting it together.


Yeah, that's What he said. His cousin was six, but he didn't say how old he was. Said He stopped giving Fe show at 14 because his taste buds changed. Shut up. I didn't offer That though. Y'all. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We always just assume you calling, you know about penis. I'm trying to be serious today. Y'all Emini here. I need to be, I need to be serious today. What's up, Trav? I need, I need to raise some money. I feel like Marvin sat shut. Close the phones. Y'all shut the phones. I gotta raise some money. Wow. And you gotta kind of dig in your pocket a little bit. So I know I do. I know I do music. My engineer that I record at his, he has a basement in his studio. He lives with his mom, his, his brother and his niece out his house burned down, but from where we record at, so he has a GoFundMe.


I'm gonna ask if everybody can just like, you know, $5, a dollar, $10, anything y'all can donate. Shar, you dig me? Your purse for me. Char, give him about $5. I'm listening. Tell me more. How burned down? Oh, it's how always house burned down. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. Send me the Cash app. Yeah. So, So yeah, so, so he doesn't have a cash app. He has a GoFundMe. What is the GoFundMe That I'll put in my, I'll send you the GoFundMe though. And it's in my bio on my Instagram. AKA twin. If y'all can click on it and just donate like a dollar or anything, this will help. What if there's people out there that's like, y'all never liked your music. I'm not donating to your engineer. I don not want him to get, Hey Man, don't donate to my music. Donate to a great person. His name is Jay.


He lives with his family. A beautiful family. He is a great guy. So just donate to him. It has nothing to do with me. All right. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna put, put a couple dollars in dope. That Would be so dope. That is dope. Dope. If Sean Stone was like, you know what, I'm gonna be the bigger man today And I'm gonna donate and help you. I put everything to the side. Hey Sean, go ahead and donate to my man Jay. He's a straight man, so you know, go help the straight guys Out. Sean gonna donate 69 cents. 69. Alright man, have a good one. Appreciate y'all. Bye. Alright, Trav, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest.


Whether man or blast, we want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning DJ Ry. This is Mr. Show Money you set out Rose, Georgia. What's Going on? Show money. Show money. Why you sending me that ano man? My man. What's happening with you? Why you send me that man? Hey. Hey Jeff. Hello. How are you Jess? I'm good. Thank Did you get your gift? I did. You Did? He said yesterday Gave, yes. Oh, the T-shirts. Yes. Yes, yes. Thank You. It's Envy. Envy. Did you get your gifts? Nope. Did you get all your gifts? Nope. He's a liar. Yes. I gave him everything. I gave him the hat you gave him And I gave him the bag. Nope. I told him the nickname you called him. Nope. Yes, yes, yes.


When I, when I walked in and G showed him in the bags with the gifts, he was cool. When I gave him that hat, he fell out. Mm. He almost listen to me. Charlemagne. I just want to tell you brother, that you came in Saturday with the people. You were amongst the people. You wasn't Hollywood, you was down on Earth. A brother Abby's went by, kept you a man of your word. Luther Abdu. Yeah. Luther Abey. Abby saying was shop in Newark. Absolutely, absolutely. Only one thing bro. I'm going, I had no idea you was that short. He Tiny. Oh my God. I'm taller than you. Show money. He tiny Bro. What you talking bro? Listen, when he walked in, like he walked in like he was like, he just came home from going 45 years yesterday.


He had the hard walk. Yeah, he just walked. Walk was so gutter. His walk was like, you know the doors are frosted. So he busted the door. He walking up. Oh that's him. Yo, where's The Rest of them? Where's the rest of them? It's crazy. Where's the of yo not you busted the little man. Yo. He yo he bust like, yo, what's up yo. Oh that. Oh That of all that sounded crazy. He busted. Oh, he's a little. Bring your work. Bring your kids to work thing. Show, show money. Got charlamagne.


Only one thing B Jess, can you please, please listen the show money on Instagram? Watch my trailer. 'cause the brother And I watched my trailer. I did watch the trailer. You talking about for the show Money? What's it about? Yes Sir. You ain't said nothing about it. Show money. The series. It's about two hustlers. Yes sir. I need in Hotan reading it. No, for real, JR and Hassan, they were caught thieves. I did watch the trail. See you ain't even asked me. Okay, goodbye money. You had comment on it. I need you to lay following. She, I will. I got you. I like it. It was interesting. It reminded me of what was the joint money and money and violence back in the day. Mm. Remember money and violence. Yep. Yep, yep, yep. Hey yo. Shout out to Abby. The sandwich specialist too, man.


That's Salmon and Berger. Oh my God. Drop on the cruise bombs for that salmon burger at Abby, the specialist in Newark, New Jersey. Man. Littleton Avenue in Newark, New Jersey. 2 63 Littleton Avenue. Phenomenal. Impeccable Salmon burger. Frank, what's up Frank? Yeah, good morning. Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah, let me, I have something that's really tripping. Who sends someone a funeral program? You heard about Carmella Anthony? I did. Did A 17-year-old that Yeah. Arrested for stabbing his classmate. Yeah. So firstly this is how I, when I read the whole story, I'm looking at like, this kid was bullied and he did God's work because if he went and told somebody they would've just gave him a gold star and did nothing.


I don't know if that's the story. I don know if that's, You know, Emini here. I don't know if that God's word As they Come out, the lesson in this is don't bully people because it triggers these days. Like some people cry, but they're not doing it anymore. I don't know if it was bullying. I don't know what the situation is. Emini here. I read the situation but it don't sound like what you, you making it sound very cut and dry. I don't think it's that cut. Yeah, that that cut and dry. We'll get more details and find out more about it. But like you said, I I, I don't know all the details to really comment on it. It's a sad situation. Definitely. You know what Emini here. Sad situation because you know, two, two young men, like that's what I say. Don't never make a a a don't, don't let a temporary. Don't make what it is. Don't make a permanent choice based off a temporary feeling.


That's what it felt like to me. All right, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now when we come back, we got the latest with Lauren. We do. So there are reports right now that Shannon Sharp's career at ESPN is going to be over. And it's gonna happen pretty soon. I'm being told differently by sources close. But we, we need to have a conversation about it. How Close the sources. Oh, they're very close to production. Damn. So Stevie, they text you. What'd he say? First of all, I didn't Hear you say, what was it? Big perk. Who was it was told you something Over. We don't talk about it. If it was, it's though a wrap, right? We got Burning Bridges in here. Oh, I'm sorry. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free fan out. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She Gets the details. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on you. The latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of Everything. Well, it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk, Talk to me. All righty y'all. So the Shannon Sharp ESPN, does he still keep his job? Conversation is beginning to, I was gonna say beginning to happen, but it's been happening. But I think now it's beginning to get louder because of different things that Tony Attorney Busby has released, including the audios.


So right now the conversation is why is Shannon Sharp still able to be on ESPN amongst the allegations but more, even more after these audios are released. So Monday, Tuesday, Shannon Sharp did ESPN's first take, which are his normally scheduled days. And then people didn't see him on for the rest of the week. So there were, he's Never on for the rest of the week though. He was only on Monday and Tuesday. There were people who began to say, oh, they finally pulled him. They did what they should have done. There were people that were saying, you guys are crazy 'cause he's only always only on Monday and Tuesday. Right? So I reached out because I wanted to know, even though those are his scheduled days, like, you know, I wanted to know more solid. Is he being removed from the program? Is it a suspension? What is it? So I was told by source close to production that like you guys said, Monday and Tuesdays are his days that he's on.


Any day that you do not see him on the show, it's just a regularly scheduled day off for now. As of now, we know because Stephen A. Smith said it on his show, that there are conversations and investigations going on behind the scenes with the network. Let's take a listen to Stephen A. Smith and what he said. Again, I can tell you, I also spoke to co-chairman of Disney, the boss Jimmy Pataro, who made it very, very clear. We are taking this matter very seriously and we are looking into this very, very closely. And once we gather as many facts as we possibly can, we will go from there. And that is all he said. And I can mention his name because I received his permission to say that.


Now a big part of this conversation, right? Even with that happening and even at, with that being said, and that is, you know, has to be that that is the statement from ES espn, right? At this point, that's all that we have. People were upset because they feel like people have been removed from ES, ESPN and other networks for less. They're pointing to Michael Irvin. They also are now beginning to bring up past things that have happened with Shannon Sharp, including a a, a temporary restraining order that was filed against him back in 2010 from a woman that he was dealing with at the time who accused him of sexual assault. He said in, in different things. Now this was dropped, you know, the, it was dismissed. That restraining order was dismissed, claims were dismissed at the time.


But people were like, Hey, if you have all this in the past, this happens publicly Monday. Okay, we gonna give it to y'all. Y'all didn't, it was all happening at one time, but Tuesday after he releases text messages and then you're hearing these different things. Why not Just say, Hey, let's take a step back because it looks like as if the network is complacent on the front. Even though those things happen on the back end. Y'all Do realize it's only Thursday. Like these claims just happened. Like these corporations can't just react. They gotta investigate, they gotta do their due diligence. They, they can't move like social media. There's a legal way they have to do things. Yes. They Don't wanna get sued. And and the thing about it where people don't understand is even though it could be loud, it could be people could be yelling and screaming online. We don't know what the facts are.


Yeah. And I'm sure they had conversations with Shannon Chop and, and hopefully they're trying to get the the right Details. They're investigating. They're investigating like only


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now share a Coke is making those moments even sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at the cookout, vibing at the game, pre-gaming before a night out or just hanging out and catching up. There's a coke with your name or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie or girl to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are all about your people. But it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting your friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with the people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah, it's about the laughs, the love and the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a coke for everybody, raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited edition cans, bottles won't be around forever. So next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Thursday They should. Yeah. But that's what they should do before they let somebody go or fire somebody or suspend somebody, they should do their own investigation and see what the truth is. What do you guys say to the people who are saying, well yes they should do that, but at don't fire him. Don't suspend them but remove them off air. Because now he is when You, if you remove him off, it isn't that that is suspending Him. That's suspending or for fi Firing Him. Yes. Well you can't even if you Just say, hey, he's gonna take a little break. Like we don't have to call it a suspension, but until we figure out what's happening or until we figure out how we position this, I don't, I don because he is a face of the network. Me Personally, I don't think it's fair unless they have facts that he actually did it. Now if they go do and did, do their due diligence and say hey, it's definite and this audio is is what it seems to be and the full audio is there.


Well Keep in mind this is Disney. So based off the things that are already out there that we know are true, this, it is probably enough to take him off as But Let me ask you a wild question. Not to say this is true, but let's Just say that they were role playing and that was the thing that they do and it was Consensual. They still have moral clauses at Disney. Everything can't be public like, But that wasn't, it wasn't public. That was taped secret now recorded and that, but that's not what I do in my bedroom. If it's secretly taped and now you fire me. 'cause something that was secretly, I didn't put it Out. You gotta think about it that they already, that that happened last year. So they let that go, right? We don't know. We don't know what happened in the building with that. Like he might be on probation for that fall week. I'm just saying, I don't know. Yeah, I'm just saying that happened last year. But if Something is secretly recorded and taken you, you fired me for something I didn't put out.


That was secretly taken. I don't think that's Just Keep it all. It's Disney bro. It's it, it is Disney. I don't think Mickey Mouse standing by the free calls. Why not? You think him and well him and Minnie probably be getting it popping. I don't know the baby. I don't know. I'm all I'm simply saying is it's only Thursday. It's Only Thursday. They have to do their due diligence. But When I grew up, SpongeBob was a whole, you know, A whole what SpongeBob is one of The girls who is SpongeBob Identify as. No. Like it's Barney. Yes. So move on. I ain't trying to hear nothing by no many. Don't be nowhere. 'cause not in front of the kids. All, all. Oh, all damn. They they heard words. They listen every morning. Barney did what? The SpongeBob now? No, no, no, No girl. Listen, That's all You heard. They got their own individual cases.


Oh Yes. Oh wow. But all I'm saying is they have to do their due diligence before anybody's suspended and fired. Because if not, they could face the Lawsuit. If things go it's Thursday. I agree that social media want everything to happen immediately. Only Thursday. It's insta instant. They want everything to instantly happen. It doesn't work like that. The righteous people on Reddit baby, they are dissecting and divulging right now and they are upset. Reddit is a social media. Reddit. I thought Reddit was like somewhere. It is like indeed, like you find jobs on there. It's like a blog or you like Emini here. You could, they have like a, it's like a Message board. Yeah. Like where topics On there and they break it down. Everybody says how they feel, but damn. Yeah, they, they, yeah. They feel like he should have been removed until they figured out what was happening and give a due process. I I feel like look, if the network is down to say hey we can allow him to go let them go.


That's, that's it's Only between them Thursday. Yeah. What are we talking about? Everybody relax. It's Thursday. This just happened Four, eight hours ago. You need to make a Reddit account. Why? Just to say that. No, I don't need to be over there. But don't But don't you think they should get the full facts and find out everything that's going What their problem of doing what? I and that's my point like yes they do, they do due diligence. Well Michael, What's he taking off after things were proven or was it right when it came out? Who? Michael Irving. I don't remember. He was accused of making lewd comments to a woman. Yeah. And I don't, I don't know how soon they took him off after That. I saw they suspended them but then he was reinstated. Yeah Because they found, if I remember correctly, I I think they found out it wasn't true.


Correct. And then he sued the woman for defamation. Yes. Yeah. And you that's a big misstep. If if now I can come back to networking And that's why they can't react then That's why they can't react After they're the legal way they have to do things. Correct. Well that's it for the latest of this hour y'all. He's still at work Shannon Sharp as of today. It's still at work at ESPN. Alright. It's only Thursday According to my source And it's also Cedric Dan Entertainer birthday Thursday. This Thursday today. Cedric didn't want that right there. Yeah, He didn't want it right there. You could wait five minutes. Did not want you to do that. You could waited Two minutes you could To do that right. Is only Thursday but it's a big day. It is Cedric d entertainer's birthday. Alright, well we got front page news next and then 8 0 3 Fresh will be joining us. We got the record in Yet.


He's 61. He want that birthday whenever he can Get. Now if you don't know who 8 0 3 Fresh is, you probably know this record right here. Can we play a little bit of it? No we don't have it. Damn. Alright, well Boots on the ground is the record. We gonna talk to him in a little bit. You are chicken out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody is DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news starting off with some quick sports and NBA playoffs. The rocks beat the Warriors. They tie the series 1 0 9 94 Cavaliers beat the heat 1 21 1 12. They lead the series two nothing. And the Celtics beat the magic 1 0 9 to 100. They lead the series two nothing. And the NFL draft begins tonight at 8:00 PM Eastern on ESPN Is the NFL It's still in New York, right?


The NFL draft? No it's not. It's actually in Green Bay. Oh they probably did that to reduce the horse. See it's hard for them to get to Green Bay. Like you stand out in Green Bay the horse. Yeah. You know 'cause these women don't circulate around the NFL draft because they think all of these young kids getting new money. Yeah but there's no horse in Green Bay. Not like that. Like it's it like they stand out a little bit. You know what a horse At in Green Bay? I'm sure hell what's everywhere. It's different though. If it was in Miami, it was New York. Like it's a different level. I know what you're saying. But Green Bay they, they stand out a little bit. Who they are. Pop. You know what Emini here, it's Less of a hall fight in Green Bay though. 'cause all of them are not going. It's gonna be very Few. I had no idea. So you Say this word, I'm so happy right now. Green Bay is homeless. Okay.


Good morning Brie. Good morning. I'm Charlamagne Envy. And Jess, how are you guys? Good. Good Brie. All right. So here's what's trending in the news this morning. Let's take it to California. A recent report reveals that police in San Diego are arresting black people at disproportionately higher rates compared to other racial groups. Now the data was released by the San Diego Police Department under the California Public Records Act. And it shows that black individuals are arrested at a rate more than double their population percentage in the city. According to the report, black residents in San Diego make up 26% of arrests, but only 5.7% of the actual population. So of course that disparity has sparked a lot of concerns and conversations there and calls for reforms within the police department to address potential biases and systemic issues.


And so moving forward, community leaders and activists are expected to push for policy changes there and increase oversight to ensure the fair treatment for all residents. That is very interesting because yeah, black people are arrested disproportionately all across America. Exactly. So what is going on in San Diego that is standing out like black people are arrested at a rate of five times higher than white people in most jurisdictions. So what is going on in San Diego that is sticking out like that? And I think the numbers would be very interesting if every city decided to go ahead and just pull a report. But I'm glad that they're bringing attention to it 'cause that's crazy. So something needs to be done. And now Charlamagne, we're gonna move into South Carolina.


This is making headlines, a mass murderer trying to have his death penalty overturned. I'm talking about attorneys for Dylan Roof. Now that is the man that was convicted of the 2015 Charleston South Carolina Church shooting that killed nine black church members. You guys remember that They have filed a motion to vacate his death sentence. And so they're citing 18 claims, including alleged violation of his fifth and sixth amendment rights. And the motion is requesting a new penalty phase trial arguing that his original trial counsel was ineffective and the judge showed bias. So the Supreme Court previously rejected Ruth's appeal to overturn his death sentence and conviction back in 2022. So Bias, you walked into a church and killed nine people in cold blood, Dylan roof.


What do you, there's no bias in that. Any judge with any type of common sense would've threw you under the jail and gave you the death penalty. And now South Carolina got death by firing squad. So, you know, line it up. Okay. When it's time, when it, when it's his time. Line him up. That's right. And I believe there's been one death so far of an, of a death row inmate by firing squad, squad, squad this Year. Fire. That's right. Yep. And I think that would, that would be in a very appropriate, you know, punishment for Dylan Roof because of what he did. You know, walking. So Thinking family should be able to shoot him Walking into Emanuel AME and you know, killing those nine innocent souls. Man. Well the Supreme Court, you know, they rejected his last appeal. I don't see his lawyers getting very far with this. But it will be interesting if they do.


But that is still an ongoing thing here also in New York. The Audacity though, the audacity of people like that as if you don't know the crime that you committed, why should he be granted any grace? No. Any, no It is not like there was witnesses. It's not like maybe he did, maybe he didn't. There was a lack of evidence. No, we know He walked into that church and killed nine. He walked into Emanuel and me and killed nine people in cold blood. He shouldn't For You. I think your family should have Adam do whatever family the family wanna shoot him. Let the family do it. Yeah. So we'll be following that one for updates. And now in New York, mayor Eric Adams, he's reacting to a Manhattan judge temporarily blocking his administration from reopening an ice office at the Rikers Island Jail complex.


So Mayor Adams says that he'll let the case play out in court and hinted that New Yorkers should favor his position. Take a listen to some of Mayor Adam's remarks here. You know what everyday people want? They want dangerous people off this street. That's who I hear. And so the first deputy mayor is dealing with that. This case is in is in court. I'm not gonna do anything to get in the way of that. Let the first deputy mayor and the court plays out and whatever way it goes, I'm gonna follow the rule. Now the judge gave the order after the city council sued Mayor Adams with the court case expected to be heard on Friday. The ICE presence at Rikers is intended to allow correction, correction department officials to work with ICE on investigations related to violent criminals.


The city council members are fearing that the ice office will lead to mass deportations. So like it's a setup. So we'll see that is going down tomorrow. And finally we are talking about LaVar Burton, the actor director in New York Times bestselling author. He's getting an honorary degree from Howard University. So Mr. Burton, if that name doesn't ring a bell for you, most people remember him as the host of Reading Rainbow. I grew up watching Reading Rainbow, the movie Roots, or of course even Star Trek. He is becoming an honorary doctor of Humane Letters and he will speak to the graduating class during the HB C'S commencement. Now this is Howard's 157th commencement ceremony and that is scheduled for May 10th.


So congratulations to him. Right? Halle Burton. Burton. That is Halle Burton. No, LaVar Burton. Burton. I was gonna say, oh, Rainbow Fly in the sky. Don't you notice on it? Be like, what the hell? What the hell Burton? I thought that was that was what the, she was talking about. That guy that Was reading Rainbow Did. No she Didn't. No, probably not since I was younger so I don't remember it, but okay. Oh my goodness. Damn. Yeah, When I was a little kid, I grew up watching it and he is a literary advocate. He always pushes for, you know, reading for young Kids. I do remember this song. I just don't remember watching it like that. That's that. Wow. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Oh wow. Why?


Could you try to say what No, I ain't trying to say nothing. Don't, I'm trying to say that you was too busy watching The Wire. That's what I'm Trying. Oh yes, you're trying to read. Okay. Alright, Well that is your front page news. I'm Bree Wood, you can find me on X at Brion Air. Also check us out on@binews.com and you can get BIN news on demand 24 7 on the free iHeartRadio app. Thank you guys. Have a great day. Thank You. All right, thank you B Bri. Now when we come back, 8 0 3 Fresh will be joining us. My Guy from Wagner, South Carolina. If that name doesn't sound familiar, maybe this song Will and we don't have a clip of the song we can play right fast. Wait them Fans, boots on the Ground, baby Boots on the Ground is the song. And we're gonna talk to him next. It don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. Nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. We got 8 0 3 Fresh Home team and Young guy here in the building. What's up? Welcome fellas Going on. How y'all feeling? Where them fans at? At They bought them. They Bought them. Now if you don't know, 8 0 3 Fresh. Of course they got the record right now. That's if you've been out and about. Especially in the South. Especially HBCU, boots on the Ground, their song. Congratulations, boy, that song Moving Man. Thank you brother. Appreciate That. When did the song actually come out? December the 24th. That was like my Christmas gift to everybody Now.


Charlamagne's Alive Charlamagne's like that song been out for three years. I'm like Charlamagne. No it hasn't. Oh, I was talking about just the whole line dance movement from South Carolina. Like, you know what I'm saying? It is definitely been going on more than three years. Yeah, but years it just started picking up more in like the past year and a half, something like That. Mm, Absolutely. Yeah. People don't really get to see the the line dance especially on, on the, the East coast as much. But when I, when I DJ everywhere you get to see it. And I remember I was in Charlotte and a girl came up to me, was like, can you play the boots on the ground? I had no idea what she's talking about. It was a mob deep song. And I was like, is that a mob Deep boots on the ground? I had no idea. It south of Louis v Louis V was like, yeah, I'm gonna send it to you right now. Send it to me. And then when I played it, I seen the, it went up. They went crazy. The fans movement. I said, whoa, You know what's crazy is is crazy as it sounds, the current political climate kind of boosted the record too.


Because I remember people started posting saying, you know, we ain't tripping off what this administration is doing. Black people are finding joy learning new line dances and it would always be boots on the ground with the fans. Yep. It took everybody, like, everybody's mind away from like the, you know, the current, you know, stuff that's going on man. And so for me it's like the unity in it. That's what makes it more appealing for me. You know, you got the, got the 2-year-old, you got the 82-year-old, you got the grandmamas aunties. That's what makes it more genuine for me man. The dope thing about it was a lot of the line dance songs a lot older. Yeah. Like you talking 20 years older. Like when, when you go to a family reunion or wedding or A-H-B-C-U, it's always the wobble, wobble chick slide before I let go then play the Beyonce version and this is something fresh and new.


So let's start from the beginning for people that don't know your, who is 8 0 3 Fresh, where are you from and how did you get into this? This thing called the music industry? What's going on everybody? 8 0 3. First the kid live in the building. Man, listen, I'm from a small town in South Carolina called Wagner, South Carolina. One stop sign, one stop light. We all share the same dog Neighbors there because you Just say thing Mo Corner bigger than Wagner. Yeah, Yeah. Mo Corner Bigger WA man. But started off in the church man, humble beginners man started off in the church, man singing in the choir, whatever, you know, like to park his son that left away from it. You know, I went out And I started venturing into like more genres. I tapped it in the pop, I tapped into the RBI rapped a little bit and then I, I found Southern Soul what really Southern Soul found me, man.


Been doing it about a year and a half now, man. And it actually saved my life, man. So explain To the people what Southern Soul is. Southern Soul is a mixture of, it has a, like a fine undertone, mixture of gospel, blues, soul, all like mixed together, meandered together. Man, it's solely based in the south, but when you hear it, it's like feel good music when you hear it. It's like that music that touch your bones. It ain't, you know, it's a beautiful thing. You just gotta be in one of the, like, one of the events to actually feel it. It changes the environment. Totally. Know what I'm saying? We advocate for good time, we advocate for unity and that. And so that's why I, I chose to piggyback on that genre the most now. Yeah. You Said it saved your life. How, what were you into Before this? You know, with, with being in a rap culture, you say you have to, you know, adapt to that, you know, that rap environment?


When I came to Southern Soul, I, you know, I was battling some stuff, you know what I'm saying? And it pulled me out of that because of the good feeling that it had, you know, I'm saying made for me then my mama was, she was able to be proud of it. You know, when I'm rapping she don't wanna hear none of that. I'm saying she couldn't have understand some of the stuff. So when she first, when she heard my very first Southern Soul song that I dropped the call all night Long man And I got that first confirmation from him. I already knew then that this was the genre for me. You know what Emini here, Do you remember the first record that that made you say? Oh, like the one that touched your soul? What Southern Soul record touched your soul? Shout out the King George. Man. He's from Down My Way as well, man. He definitely kicked the door down for us. Man. Keep On Rolling is like one of those that you know really, really really punched me. And it gave me like some inspiration brother, you know, one of those brothers Emini here, he from South Carolina, I'm saying he, he kicked the door like wide open for us.


And when I heard that song I'm saying I automatically knew that this was the type of genre that I wanted to be in. Were you surprised how fast this record caught on? Of course Emini here 'cause it's everywhere and you know, and, and people are learning to dance quickly. When did you realize how big the record was? Man, I woke up one morning, I checked my TikTok Emini here. I had so many notifications on TikTok And I g know what I'm saying? I thought somebody had died. You feel me? So, so when I checked it or whatever, I seen the video. The video was in a, a spot down my way called sbar. It's a mecca for like the line dance you're saying. So I seen that and it was like maybe 20 videos. I went to sleep And I woke up, it was like 500 videos. Mm. I knew at that point right then that it was, I might have a little something and over the course of time now wasn't being what three months, almost four months, man, it has passed me.


So right now I'm playing catch up to the song. Everybody have been trying to put a face with the music. So here I am. Good one. I feel Like that's what in Luther King George, I feel like that's what he hasn't done yet. He hasn't put a face to his music. 'cause everybody listens to, you know, at least down south you see people play a lot of King George music and he a young dude. He only what, 30 something years old, right? Yeah, Bro. I think Joe about 30 something, 38. Yeah. But I'm saying I feel like he hasn't done that yet. I wonder why. I don't know. Emini here, timing is everything, especially for me. Emini here. Look how long I've been doing music. I, I've been doing music for over 20 years. It, as far as Southern Soul, I dropped five songs before. Boots on the ground and then it picked up, you know, so Emini here, timing is everything. So y'all, y'all definitely stay tuned. Y'all gonna see a lot more hyn and a lot more of the Southern Soul Front coming.


When I noticed it got big was when I seen kids doing it, you know, from old people to kids. It was everybody got their kids. Yeah. Doing it. And it's, it's, it's feel good. It's like music that you had the family reunion. Yeah. And stuff like that. Did anybody try to like, reach out about signing you or anything like That? Oh Mercy. I don ig them blowing up. I ain't crazy, crazy. It, it definitely been crazy, man. But you know, we started this company, shout out to Snake Eyes Music Group, man. We started this company, you know, from the bottom up, you know, we came with a vision. It was just a vision. And I think that we've done more in a year than a lot of folks have done in like five, seven years. Are you, are you assigned to a major or No, you doing everything independent?


We all independent over. So you get everything that you eat. Yeah. I'm proud of us man. I ain't gonna lie. I'm proud of us. You know, we all learn from each other. You saying as we move, we learn, we grow. And shout out the young guy, man, you know, that's why I brought him. He was, he's one of the united fronts that we stand with as far as Southern Soul. They accepted me with open arms, man. And they had been doing it, you know, pride of me, but they showed me the roads that definitely wouldn't sting your game And I can appreciate that, man. So everything independent. So we going, I'm gonna entertain something, but just not right now. How long have you have you been young guy? Young guy? Man, I've been young guy for, for a long time, man. 30 years. I'm saying, like I told, we Just say I fixing change my name to Uncle Guy in a minute, man, I'm Getting on up.


Not Cool. They gonna be like that. That would be crazy because folks see me, they'll say, you know, you, you a rapper. I be like, nah. Then I, then they, they they, I get on stage and I'm singing some soul and they be like, damn, you know, I ain't expecting. But that I, I kind of kept my name back from the younger days when all rapping, man. So I, when I, I jumped into music. My story kind of, you know what, I'm similar to his, you know, I've been, I've been rolling in the Southern Soul game probably about within two and a half years now in power of social media. I had a record that, you know, I was singing in the garage and posted it and changed my life, you know what I'm saying? Instantly. So, yeah man. So I kind of, I was tapped in on the rap side, just like, yo man came up in the church, you know what I'm saying? Tried different things as far as just me physically doing music, man, I stepped away from music almost 14 years.


So when I finally just made up my mind like, Hey, you Finn, get back in the studio, get it rolling. You know what I'm saying? Professionally, record me a song, sit down and that that record, you know what I'm saying? Two records later, Hey, I don I was driving trucks, man, I ain't drove a truck in almost a year and a half now. Emini here. So how'd y'all connect man? We, we met a couple, couple, about two years ago. Yeah, I Think my very first show out there in Natchez, I think. Yeah. Na Natchez, Mississippi Man was my first soul kind of nervous. You I'm saying me personally. You know, I had just started with Southern Soul. So Bro came, he hollered at me. What I'm saying, he gave me that little pep talk or whatever you I'm saying. I shrugged my shoulders now I did it. He came to me like, man, like young guy, man, what I, what I, because I was kind of moving pretty good then, you know what I'm saying? I had a record that was, that was keeping me busy. And he was like, man, what, what, what I gotta do?


What advice can you gimme? I was like, man, you know, keep grinding bro. You gonna get that one and you gonna know you got, so when I heard that boost on the grind, I called him. I said, you Getting ready To be a rich, What? When as I, with, you know what I'm saying? I knew it from the first 10 seconds, 10 seconds of the song. I was like, man, that's this finna go crazy now. I just see you look, look on social media. Shaq dancing too. You got, yeah. Like, man, that is crazy. You know what I'm saying? So it's, it's a blessing. And man, I just, I'm proud of my brother and we just trying to keep it going. All right, well let's get into the joint, you know, boots on the ground. 8 0 3 Freshers. Here is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club that was boots on the ground from 8 0 3 Fresh and in the building.


Charlemagne what, What inspired boots on the ground though? Like, like when you sat down and said you heard that beat and you're like, this is what I wanna write about, Man, I tell the story all the time, man, listen, I, I had a show in Phoenix City, was in the back of the van, whatever. I had a chance to experience my first trail ride. Went to trail ride. You saying a couple ladies had fans or whatever. It was hot. So I, you know, they got fans. So I got a chance to go to my second trail ride And I didn't see no fans. So I posed the question where 'em fans at. You know what I'm saying? So with boosting the ground, boosting the ground is already at line. That's terminology you're saying. So, you know, when they say boost on the ground, you know it, we about to have a party, we just to down type of deal. So I just really merged the two ideas and it became a good marriage. What's The trail ride for the people who Don't know? Listen, man, trail ride is, you know, ATVs, horses, you, I'm saying that line dancing, it is a whole like, combination of all culture, good things.


It's definitely a culture's not really just a, an event. And that's why I feel like Southern Soul and line dancing is a perfect mixture. Mm. You know what Emini here, it's a, it is a great marriage, you know, it piggybacks off of one, piggybacks off of the other. And if you ever caught the trip right down there, man, I promise you, you can have a good time. You might get a little dusty, but I promise you, you gonna have a good time. Now, every time you make a song, is it a line song now or no? Okay. See that's one thing I didn't wanna get caught in. I didn't wanna get caught in, you know, just being the line dance the line dance guy at the boot. At the boot. So, you know, And I've been thinking about you saying names for like a, a EP or album, whatever you're saying. And I really wanted to be versatility because I wanna show them on all skills.


I got dip skills, music. Yeah, But you, you could do it. Like, you remember how Jermaine Dupree did back in the day? He, like, he had the, the all the, what was it called it the beat All stars where it was just one album, just doing all the uptempo. Oh, you talking about like The like show these swing My way, My way. He had a whole album of that and then he had a whole album. Different ways of doing things. So you could do that like a anthem like that. 'cause your HBCU is gonna be crazy this week. Spring flings, homecomings, all that. They should start booking you now to try to get the cheapest prices possible. You probably booked, Man. I got like schedule crazy. Yeah, that's list. Yeah, that's what's up man. It's A blessing man. Definitely. I know you don't wanna just fall into the, the line dance, you know, genre of music, but it's like nobody has made any that are great since like the five that we got run Chacha, that's the last one that could be Yeah.


Chacha Cuba now how, But like, but none since then. And it's like, it's, it's kind of hard to, to do like, you know what Emini here. Yeah. So for you to just come up with one and just do it just off of what you felt. You gotta do that more because I, I'm tired of dancing because I 10 12, I feel like my opinion, I feel like line dance is like the new disco. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? It, it is a big thing in the black culture that, you know what I'm saying? We just trying to shine light on, 'cause you got, you got people who y'all, you know y'all from the Cedar man. It, it make people from the city. Man I'm Finn to go get me some boots. They gonna buy me a van Cowboy hat. It just, it's a culture that they shine a light on so people can experience.


So it's just line dances. It is been around for a while, but like this thing got bigger, man. They got Selma to South Carolina. There be 7,000 people out there. Yeah. You feel me? I do African music too. African music has it has it as Well. They got African Line dances, they got line dancers. Like Jerusalem is a line dance. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the Ill thing though. The artist like, it's not like you created The dance though. No. Oh. And see that's the, that's the sweetest thing about it too. You said, Oh, you didn't create the dance? No, the people that, oh, I didn't know people. They choose it. They choose it. Whether it's gonna be, you said a live dance to it or not. You know what I'm saying? So when, when they seen that on TikTok, it was like four or five dances, different dances to it. Youm saying I reposted one shout out to Trey Little when I posted it, everybody took on, you know what I'm saying to that one because it was real easy.


It wasn't Tamia ish. You know, Tamia got by. I'm still confused with that. I still Can't get that one. You know what Emini here, that's a line Dance. Yeah, it's line dance. They do a line dance Too. Dance. That's a line dance. I ain't gonna lie. It's like the cursive of line dancing, you feel me? You know, I'm Confused with that one. You gotta be, you gotta be your profile for that one. Yeah. Yeah. That's definitely not intermediate anyway. So You had To learn your own dance basically. Yeah. And I can't that with it. So how do you, so you just picked that one and was like, this is the one we go rock with. 'cause if 20 people said different dances, that's Why I said the, And everybody being Syc, the people chose it, man, boots on ground was not intended to be a live dance song. It was just blessed to be that way. Even With the fan.


Bang bang like with the fans, fans, That's something that you do when you hot. Like you Slap them saying, you know, And I didn't know that fans, like the fans were like a big part of the, you know, the, the Trevor Ross scene until I made the song with it. And now I hear like, you know, 10, 20 different songs with fans now. You know what I'm saying? So it definitely is a part, like a big important part of the culture. So I, I think I just revived it. That's why not The church Fan. Oh the church fan too. They use the church fans too. I think. I think the, the sales on church fans is outta all time high right now. Hmm. Yeah. Damn. Church fans. You know, Amazon, when I, when I first came up with the, with the song or whatever, they was just clacking fans. If you go on Amazon right now, they boots on the ground fans.


Hmm. You got Louis Vuitton got fans. Oh, I saw that. No, I got that. I saw that was some bull. Yeah man. But that's when I knew y'all was getting, I was like, oh, they outta here now. Tbu got Boots on the ground fans, you know what I'm saying? So it definitely has been impactful to the culture, man. I'm just proud to be a part of it. Yeah, They gonna be waiting forever for them Tbu fans to tell you that. Yeah. Got a thousand out there right now. But anyway, Everybody gonna be waiting for new music. Do you got more after boots on the Ground? Lemme tell you something, I got so much music, you know, I'm saying, And I got music like before I got a, you know, our previous catalog, I got five songs that I dropped. And I, like I said, I've only been in a year and a half know what Emini here, but as far as the catalog, man, I got a widespread catalog that's getting ready to come. It was just the, the timing we was waiting on, you know what Emini here.


So I think it's the perfect timing for everybody to see me. And you know what, I got the offer versatility is coming. What's the, what's the toughest challenge about being an artist from South Carolina? The weight that's on my back. You know what I'm saying? Because not only do I stay, I Emini here. Yeah. Loosening the ground is for me, but I stand with a lot of weight that I'm carrying as far as like Southern Soul as a whole. Because see, this is what my main part is And I ain't gonna lie, this is the reason why I came here, you saying this morning, I want to make Southern Soul that main genre, you know, it's been, you know, sublime, like it's been like undertone for so long and you know that chicken circuit has been going on. Like you got greats that came through that chicken circuit like Tyrone Davis, that's Marvin c James Brown. It was Muddy Waters. All these guys would come under that Chile circuit man. And it hasn't really had a, a catalyst for it as been brought to the front.


So I take myself to be a martyr in that I'm saying I wanna be able to display that as being a main genre and Sean, that, you know, we come with a united front. I got Shamika Quell out there, you I'm saying grown a grown ass woman. I got Frank Johnson out there, you can hate on me. I got a young guy right here. You know what I'm saying? Like, take heed. These are all very impactful songs to the culture and when I bring my boots on the ground, I wanna bring them as well. So that's probably like the biggest thing as far as like, you know, I'm carrying that weight And I wanna be a good advocate for them. Well, you know, you gotta get yourself all the way through the door first. Of course. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's, that's why I think a lot of people fal there a little bit because they want to represent for the whole state and they want to bring everybody with them. Yeah. And usually all those people end up weighing them down before you get to where you need to be.


I think that with, with me, how I present myself, how I carry myself, I carry myself as, you know, hey, he's a strong front by himself, you know, it's just, I wanna be a good representative for him. You know, it's not that I'm, I'm pulling him up, I'm saying the way that I walk my character is what it puts it out there like, oh, oh I like him. Lemme see what they got going on. You know what I'm saying? I let my walk know saying, speak for me. You gotta teach us to dance before you leave, man. Yeah. You gotta show us dance Fast. Somebody put the song on. Who gonna lead us? You gonna lead Us fresh, man, I try something. I told you I couldn't dance up here. That's why he low key picked the easiest one when everybody was him to dance. I got it. Okay.


Two, three. Oh did They said, they said the instructional version dropped the deck. Okay. All right. So I Where all DSPs? All DSPs. Hold on what you mean? So it tells you how to do It man, I'm tired of here. It tells you how to do it. My knees hurt already. Okay, pull it Up. Spotify, they On YouTube, they got a instruction. I was looking, oh,


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for ears. And now share a Coke is making those moments even sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at a cookout, vibing at game night, pre-gaming before a night out or just hanging and catching up. There's a coke with your name on it or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie and girl. It's a classic. Names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are for your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins and even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. No, it's about the laughs, the love, the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke and raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited cans and bottles won't be around forever. Next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and you're cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that, let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Top reasons advanced manufacturing. Pros wanna move to Ohio. So many advancement opportunities for technicians, machinists, managers, operators, and more. How about a powered up paycheck and an amped up career plus the energy of big time sports and after work plenty of ways to unplug the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Build your future@callohiohelm.com.


Well tell 'em where to follow you. 8 0 3 fresh Eight three Fresh. The kid liability. Y'all can follow me on all streaming platform everywhere, man. Just type in 8 0 3 fresh. You say you can get my music from Apple Music, Spotify, your local bootleg man flea market. You can get it from everywhere. I definitely appreciate y'all listening man. Charlemagne, I appreciate you man. Listen, always Love for the home team. Yes, that's right. You definitely putting South Carolina on the map as well. Yes sir. See what you're doing. DJ Vy man, I appreciate you. You sir. Just Larry, I definitely appreciate you. Thank you. How you pretty Young guy? Thank you guy. Young Guy Follow you man. Follow me on all platform, man. Young guy. I'm pretty much the same on everything. Check me out on all music streaming platforms. Hey, hey, we got a lot coming man.


2025. We're gonna finish it out next year. Gonna be even bigger, man. Like I said, two for that feature too. I representing Mississippi man, South Carolina. We just all trying to put it together man. Absolutely. All right guys, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning yo.


Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club this weekend in Atlanta. Make sure you get your tickets if you haven't got your tickets. What is the third anniversary or fourth, Third Annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening this Saturday in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards. You know we got some of your favorite podcasts gonna be on that stage. Cam Newton's gonna be on there doing this funky Friday podcast live. Carrie Champions gonna be doing the Naked podcast live tanking j Valentine will be doing their r and b money podcast live. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be doing her Woman Evolve podcast Live Man. And guess what? What slut? Our guy Louis V, you know Louis V will be providing a soundtrack dropping on a police bump for everybody who's listening us on 96.1. Louis v Louis V got us Black Effect fans. Yeah, see because you know Louis V from South Carolina, like I'm from South Carolina, so you Know that's dope. Yes. You ain't gonna have to ask where em fans at. We gonna have some fans. We gonna have all black effect fans out there. So go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get your tickets and we'll see you Saturday in Atlanta.


You Know the craziest thing I made fans for the car show because it's gonna be such a hot summer and such a great summer when that song so big everybody's gonna be looking for fans Get out. Absolutely. Maybe they can fan some of that poll in a way. The polling is crazy this year. Y'all ain't seen it. Wonder How people who sniff cocaine feel about polling? You ever thought about that? No, because they don't complain about that. Is that something You thought about? Never complain about your allergies and be rubbing your nose about damn that damn polling. But then you go sniff some powder. Yeah, But see powder don't give you allergies really? Powder make you feel good. Polling will f you up y'all For real? How you know? How you know Powder make you feel good? I have No idea. I have no idea. Just it. It's an observation that I've seen. Just an observation. Yes. Okay.


Alright. More and more we piece together. Mm, we piece together Why that ran happened more and more every day though. Oh boy. Don't You do that. Don't you do that to her? Alright, when we come back, we have the latest with Lauren and today is take your kids to work there. I got my kids with me. I got Jackson. Yes I got Lundy And I got little Brookie with me and they wanna have a da a dance contest with you. With me. They don't know uptown downtown. I try to get 'em to learn it real fast. They ain't really get it. They, they knew to the little How did you get 'em to try to get, you don't even know how to do it. That that's the whole problem. Yo, they not going kick my ass. Yo. They they going, they these kids dance. They was Upstairs flipping and all types of stuff. It's Like little Omarion like no like yo, I've seen y'all videos, y'all dad, if him don't talk about nothing else, he's talking about y'all dance competitions.


I'm not trying to dance against y'all Lord. Jessica s up here. I'm not doing that. Jessica. Yes. Remember honey, she no, I about get beat by them kids. I can teach y'all the uptown downtown. I do that. Alright, Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. The latest With Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, is the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me Man. I feel like I ain't never talked about UNC this much in a, in my whole life.


And UNC is Shannon is sharp. For those who don't know, nobody Talked about him this much. That's sad. Yeah. That man has been out here doing great work for the last couple of years. The fact that you said that says a lot. Whoa. The fact that you said that says A lot. Nah, You done ain't never been in the mediator every day are Just saying, because I've always said that Shannon Sharp was who he was. I watch and we report on Club Shehe all the time up here. But what I'm saying is we've been spending a lot of time, sir Ain't Ain't Neck is involved in the conversation too. Just say you Can try to spin up but just think about what you just said Since the Cat Williams interview. I, I say that We talked, we talked about your interview in here. We talked about a lot of club she shea, but we gonna continue forward. Okay? Because what we, what the piece that we're about to talk about right now is Donna Rollin's son's mom.


Her name is Stephanie George. She used to be on Bad Girls Club. She came out and and posted a video basically calling Shannon Sharp's BS for a conversation he had with Donna Rollins about her and her age. Let's take a listen. Really wanted to address something that has really been bothering me for the past couple of months. My son's dad is a comedian and an actor and he did an interview with a man by the name of Shannon Sharp on his podcast. Now on that podcast, Shannon Sharp did a lot of digging and my son's dad And I broke up over six years ago. For him to ever try to bring me up or a family dynamic or the age gap is very, very shocking to me. Now, last night I was on threads And I saw his name trending and you know, he's being accused of like really horrific things.


The girl was 19 when it started. Wow. You were really projecting. You went digging and you found the fact that we have a huge age gap and you highlighted that and you tried to make fun of it, but you were actually really living that life if not worse. I just feel like if you live in a glass house, please don't throw stones. Now a lot of these moments have began to go revival where anything in dealing with age, conversation, women, whatever. Of course people are going back and they're grabbing clips and they're recirculating. Now this clip, even the Monique a clip, when she was telling Shannon Sharpe about young girls and not dating them. Now the conversation that Stephanie, Stephanie George is talking about with Donne, we have that as well. Let's take a listen.


She's so young that she probably she could pop off. Yeah, I'm like 20. She 23 Darnell 20 you. Oh why you didn't date her mom. Why you go for the darn hell. That sounds crazy. You like 'em young though. Nope. Bitch those do that. I don't like, I don't like her young. I like what I love. Yes, she's a lot, lot, lot, lot, lot younger than me. But that's what it was. Why you hating on me where y'all be at Forever 21. You know what? Trying to make out that Emini here where you be this 23-year-old at because Emini here, hey 23 I think I'm a couple years older than you. I go 33 so I just need to know. Wow. Damn. So moments like that is what is recirculating by The way.


That moment right there, that means all jokes about Sha Sharp are fair. That what you saying? Yeah. All jokes about Shannon Sharp damn and him with the 19-year-old are absolutely fair. And that Diana Rollins interview was January 15th of this year And she, and she probably felt the way 'cause he was cracking jokes and then like she said, yeah you can't crack jokes and make it seem like you, you, you look, you look down on it and then when your mess come out it's like, oops, damn. Damn Well the internet is internetting. That's also why you can't just do what your producers tell you to do. Like when you're in these interviews and you're in these conversations, like the things that you say have to be coming from you and coming from, you know what you believe in your heart.


You can't just be saying what's on your card and what your producer to do. Well you know, you should ask him about this then you should make jokes about that. No, they gotta come from you. Yeah. Emini here. The question was there, but he thought it was funny. He thought he could crack jokes. I, I was ready to say I don't even think that was like a call from the producer. I think Shannon just went it was funny. Went and just had fun. He thought it was funny. Say It. But why would you do that if you know that you like that's What but he didn't expect for to what he into to come out like he didn't expect for his stuff to be put on French Street. He always talks about like in Younger girl. Younger. Younger. Yeah. But young. That younger and in 1920 is Emini here it's younger but it, you know, it's, the gap is gapping. Yeah. He, he just didn't expect for nothing that he got going on to come out. Alright, Cool. I think that's what it was.


Yeah. Well, speaking of people sitting down and having some conversations about show Obama, her podcast, have you guys watched any episodes? No. I've seen the, a couple clips from going viral. I've seen clips. So good. So the, she just had a conversation with Taraji p Henson and of course they get back into more in detail about her deciding not to show up with Barack Obama at certain things and that leading to people thinking that she was, you know, having issues. But before they got into that conversation they talked about the power of no. And Michelle Obama talked about her going to therapy and learning the power of no, let's take a listen to that. I had to convince myself that I had done enough after all that I had done in The World. I still felt a guilt that maybe, maybe I needed to do a little bit more.


I'm at this stage in life where I have to define my life on my terms and going to therapy just to work all that out. Like what happened that eight years that we were in the, the White House, what did that do to me? Yes. Internally my soul, we, we made it through, we got out alive. I hope we made the country proud. My girls thank God our whole, but what happened to me. Right, right, right. And going through therapy is getting me to look at the fact that, and maybe, maybe finally I'm good enough. I didn't even realize the time y'all, I won't even have time for the second clip. We gonna have to bring it back in here. But that power of no and going to therapy is what she said made her say, I'm not going to none of that stuff I don't wanna go to with inauguration.


Jimmy Carter the funeral, she ain't wanna do it. She just didn't wanna do it. She didn't have it in her to do it. She said I wonder how that dynamic works. Right. Because that is your husband and and sometimes in relationships, if you are married, I'm sure Charlemagne and Jess, you know, sometimes you don't wanna do things with your spouse but you do it because Right. It means the most to them or they have to. And I'm sure the same thing with you. I'm sure he doesn't wanna go to some things, but he asked her because you, His wife. Yeah. But your boundaries are your boundaries. And I don't care if it's your husband, I don't care if it's your wife. You know, if you don't want to do something, you should not have to do it. Especially, especially something like that. Yeah. But It's boundaries. But if, if you, you're the ex-president and you're showing up And I have to go, I would think, yeah, my wife would be like just take by and be like, I go Too, I wanna bring this back in the next hour. She don't want to but there's lot of things.


Let's hold this for the next hour. I want y'all I just being a couple. Yeah, Listen there's more. Because she also talks about how people get on her when she make her own decisions even to talk about her relationship and not go these places and they drag her for it. Let's bring this back in the next hour. 'cause I knew y'all would have opinions because all of y'all be going and having to do stuff y'all don't wanna do. We'll get to that. You are so right. Lauren, Where You had to go recently You take avocados, huh? Wow. Yeah, whatever. Said she was at the flea market yesterday. Wow. Wow. After Obama's Market, The flea market, farmer's Market avocado, drinking tequila. Y'all crazy is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up.


Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. We wanted to know how you came up with the Donkey of the Day. Tell because you're mean. I'm not. What did I do? I don Today. There's a bunch of donkeys out here in the street. That is why Charlamagne is here. If we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say don't damn throw it. Hey, give it To him. Give it to him on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlamagne to God, it is a donkey. That mother, oh man. Charlamagne you giving donkey today? To who now? Donkey. Today for Thursday, April 24th goes to a 27-year-old Ohio man named Mackay.


I Swinder. Now who in here had to wash dishes as part of their chores growing up? Raise your hand. Okay. Who in here enjoyed washing dishes as a child? Raise your hand. I'm lying. Lie. Yeah, I know you lying. All your kids ready. Okay. They enjoy, He likes drying the dishes. He don't like washing 'em. Well Jess, when you didn't want to wash dishes, what did you tell Ms. Robin? I don't wanna wash Dishes mine, but I will so I won't Get popped. Okay. Did you ever have an argument with her about not wanting to wash dishes? Hell no. Because you know she bust that ass period. Yes. Okay. Envy, I'm show you. Make the kids wash dishes. They all raise their hand. Yes. Have they ever rebelled against you and said, nah dad, that ain't happening. No.


What about Maddie log? No. Neither. None of 'em. No. I don't believe that at they Logan bucked back at least once. Definitely Didn't. Okay. I don't believe you. Well those are all constructive, productive ways to deal with your kids when you want them to do what it is you want them to do when you want them to wash dishes. But even, you know if you do that, okay, if you do that, some kids still ain't going. You know what I'm saying? Some kids just not gonna do what it is you want them to do. And Miah e Swinder is one of those kids. See a dispute that started over dishes ended tragically. Let's go to ww NY seven news for the report, please. Nearly the first thing out of Miah swindlers mouth on the phone with dispatchers and admission. I, I'm Not gonna lie, I just killed my father.


Wait, what? I killed my dad. What do you mean by you killed your dad? Like he's dead. We're learning what led up to the violent incident. Marysville Police had been to this house earlier in the day responding to a dispute between Mackay and his father. 59-year-old Joe Swindler. A police report shows the issue started over a dispute over doing the dishes. This caused a verbal conflict. Hours later, another call to the home from Mackay who said he stabbed his father with a knife. The dispatcher asked him Why God, God told me to. God told you to. Yes. Yes ma'am. Okay.


I had orders. Kaya swindler was in court this morning where prosecutors called him dangerous and requested that he be held. You wish me to consider. Mm. Sometimes I wonder if these are the effects of gentle parenting. Sometimes I wonder if we have to bring back beatings. Okay. I used to have to pick a switch. Nothing makes you understand the consequences of your actions like having to pick your own switch because you know you did something wrong and now your parent or grandparent is leaving it up to you to decide what your punishment is. And if you go and bring back a switch that's not big enough now they go get the switch and you don't want them to go get the switch. So it just gave you a level of accountability for the things that you did. And when you get beat with a switch you picked, you really understand that you caused this on yourself. Jess, you said you never bucked back at Ms.


Robin 'cause you knew she would. What? Beat my ass. What you talking about? That's all I'm saying. Now I don't know if Whippings would've stopped this young man Makay from being a stone cold killer, but I highly doubt his dad wanted to go out like this. Okay. Mackay said he put his dad out of his misery. Actually son, I just wanted you to wash the dishes. Okay? Now, when this young man Mackay says, God told me to, one of my favorite movies growing up was frailty. You should watch it if you never have. So I understand how that could be true, but Mackay and to anyone out there listening to me, lemme tell you something. Whenever you think God is, you know, telling you to do something that you know will, will cause hurt to somebody or you know it'll end up with somebody being dead or end up with you in prison for the rest of your life.


Please understand that Satan has a kingdom too. Okay? I think we often forget that if we give Satan attention, he will give us direction. Mackay, somewhere along the way you gave your attention to Satan, you submitted your will to him and he told you to kill your father. And now you charged with one count of murder. And where you going? Chores or not optional. Okay? You gonna be cleaning, you gonna be doing food preparation, you gonna be doing laundry, washing other people's drawers. You gonna be doing maintenance and you probably gonna be doing what Kanye was doing to his cousin until the age of 14. And the irony is you might get stabbed and killed if you don't. Please give miah eye. Swinder the biggest hee-haw.


Mm. And it's crazy that he didn't wanna take his dad orders to simply wash the dishes. But he'll listen to the voice in his head that he said. Was God telling him to kill his dad? Yeah. Killing his dad Took way more, way more energy. Yo. What is his last name? Swinder. Oh, you wanna play a game? Yeah. Let's play a game of guess what Races. Okay. All right. Mackay. I Swinder of Ohio killed his father because of a dispute over washing the dishes. Just hilarious. Guess what? Races? Oh, I wanna say white, but your name Aya. Ah, mixed For Real.


You black and White. Do we have a mixed one? We play ball Same time. Mixed drink Jake Hole. Damn. Okay. Alright. DJ Envy Mackay. Swinder killed his father over a dispute, over washing dishes. Guess what? Races Swipe. Well, I'm, I'm gonna be honest with you. Oh boy. Hmm? Envy's wrong. Oh, he's not right. Okay. I don't know if Jess is wrong. Hmm. Lemme see. Jess might be half right 'cause I don't know if he's, he, he's, lemme see he look, he looked Miami black. He black. Let me see. But he could be mixed.


Oh on. I'm just Saying Makay gave it away. Mackay? Yeah. Is he up to Mackay? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's black. He definitely black. He black. He Got a rod wave to right? Yes he does. He he? Yes. Yeah, he's black. He definitely like Rod Wave Mackay. Yeah, Mackay was was a Black man but ain. He from Florida? No, he from Ohio. He Ohio. He just, he looked, see he Said Ohio Black not know black people in Ohio. But I'm like Ohio. And then he killed his parents. That's like a White thing to be washed Emini here, you know, washing dishes, wash dishes, dishes. Oh yeah. Yeah. I knew but I, the Mackay gave it away. Yeah, you are black. All right, well thank you for that dog here. Day up next. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you having relationship issues or any type of issue, call Jess right now.


She'll help you out with all your problems. Call up (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, man. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God, I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Jess gonna fix your mess because my advice is real. Alright, anonymous. It's time for Jess to fix your mess. So what's your question for Jess mama? Oh God, y'all put me in in this position. So what's happening is me and my mom, my husband, we all live together and my mother and my husband would be bumping heads like the arguments.


And it is mainly about my daughter. So my husband is one of those dads that he's a good dad but he does not pay attention to everything that happens and everything my daughter is doing. And my mother sees that and she's very opinionated and she talks about it. Okay. And she'll say something to him and then rub up heads And I just wanna like stay in the background and not say nothing at all. But this is my husband. This is my mother. So Is she a, is your dad Emini here? Not your dad. Is your husband a first time dad? No, but he has never been like his other daughter.


She's older and she grew up in Florida. So Yeah. So it's different. Okay. Now do y'all live with your mother or do your mother live with y'all? Nah, nah, she lives with us. So make that very clear. This was my house. Okay, I got you. I totally got you. The thing is, that's kind of hard, I ain't about to say put mama out, but it is like you have you sat down, had a conversation with her yet about boundaries and what is going to fly in the house and what you, what she, she has to respect your house. She absolutely has to respect your husband. You know, that's y'all house. Y'all don't live with her, she lives with y'all. And while she is the grandmother and the mother and your mother, she still, there still is a, a line that she should not cross.


You know, you are her child but you're no longer a child. Yeah. And that's the thing she doesn't really get. Hmm. So why can't she go Wrong? And I don't want to leave. She probably could. I don't know. I don't, you I, she probably could, but Okay. It's good help for me because like I told y'all earlier, I worked three jobs. I got you, Got you. And yeah, it is just help here. Mm. Like I have help cooking, I got help cleaning, I got help, you know, with the financials. Well it still could be worked out in a way where it's, it's some type of compromise. Y'all, y'all are still three adults, you know?


And like I said, you know, although when people getting in their older age, they sat in their ways, it's still, she gonna have to compromise. 'cause this is not her house. You know, she's a tent and y'all house, you know what I'm saying? And yeah, she is the nanny and she has roles and duties and she, you know, nobody do it like mama, but it's still boundaries. And she has to understand that because if the shoe were on the other foot and you lived in her and her husband's house, there would certainly be boundaries. You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah. She gotta put herself in your shoes. So just sit down and have that conversation with her. I feel like you haven't yet 'cause she's still mom and you don't wanna disappoint her or disrespect her, but you're grown. Yeah. And, and y'all are three adults, y'all gotta make that work.


Or the kids going to notice something too. And that's not really good to be doing in front of, in front of the kids fighting, arguing. Yeah, no, you're right, you're right. But I do need to have a conversation Her I'm just like, I don't know why I'm nervous. Like, Because that's your mom girl and she probably used to beat your ass when you was younger, so you Yeah, she's definitely probably that type of mom that don't play. But it's like, all right ma, now I'm the mom who you know who don't play. I'm only who you raised me to be and you gotta respect my house. So you going to have to go? Yeah. Okay. Thank you Jess. I love you. You guys,


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now Sherry Coke is making those moments even sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at the cookout, vibing at the game, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging out and catching up. There's a coke with your name or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie or girl to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are all about your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting your friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with the people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah, it's about the laughs, the love and the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a coke for everybody, raise it up and turn a regular day until a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited edition cans, bottles won't be around forever. So next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshared, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day Brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowles premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Top reasons advanced manufacturing. Pros wanna move to Ohio. So many advancement opportunities for technicians, machinists, managers, operators, and more. How about a powered up paycheck and an amped up career plus the energy of big time sports And after work plenty of ways to unplug the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Build your future@callohiohelm.com.


Bye guys. Bye-bye. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need just to fix your mess. Call now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning X About me, relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up Dr. Jess, I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Morning everybody. It's Dej envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're in the middle of just fix my mess. And we have Tam on the line. Tam, it sounds like you got us on Bluetooth. Can you take us off Bluetooth for speaker? Oh Yeah, my bad. Okay, is that Better? Perfect. What's your question for Jess? Jess, I need you to tell me.


Okay, so let me start from here. My daughter is in seventh grade, right? And she has these little girls at school that keep messing with her just because she pretty and they just bald headed and jealous. Anyway, headed And jealous. Say, I want you to tell me, I want you to tell me if I'm crazy or not, or should I go enroll myself into school and go whoop all they ass. You wanna enroll yourself in school to whoop all of their assses? I might. Why not? Are they in high school? No damn school. This middle school. Are you crazy? Yeah, Just, yes. They keep messing with my baby. I, And I know I'm not gonna do it for real, but it's just like, it's like what do you do? Ah, well unfortunately, see I, I'm a comedian. That's thing, that's not much You do. It's like because huh?


I, Me as a comedian, I just would teach my kid how to roast. But that's the thing though, like, you know, everybody ain't got that gift to, to just roast everybody. She gotta know how to embarrass them without getting drunk. But She's so, she's like very like pushy. She's like very, she she just doesn't like confusion. She doesn't like confusion. She will if she has to because I see her and her sister all the time like going at it. Right. But it's just like, she just, she doesn't wanna get in trouble at school. Yeah. And I'm like, listen, the only person you can get in trouble from is me or your father. They can't do nothing to you whip their ass And then she's probably not confrontational, you know what I'm saying? Now what you see in the, she not at Yeah. What you see in the house, her and her sister, that's who she live with. That's who she grew up with, you know? So that's the sibling rivalry is always gonna be there.


You know what Emini here. But school is different. It's not how it used to be these days, man, kids are very much cruel, like very much cruel than they used to be. Then you got the internet influencing things and then it, it, it is different. So I don't wanna say It bothers me because I'm not, I'm not the one when I was in school, I'm not gonna let you bully me or bully nobody else. That's right. So that's why it really bothers me. Yeah, I know. But we don't, unfortunately we don't really have those people who stick up for others anymore. 'cause everybody trying to mind their business. You know what, Emini here, everybody's so busy recording or trying to, you know, get the likes and stuff. Get everything on social media. I don't wanna tell you. Take her outta school. Is she crying? Is she's like, I don't wanna go back.


No. Or like, what? No, she's not crying. She's just like, she comes home and she is like my, you know, we're really close. Like that's my, one of my closest people in The World. Right. So she comes home and I'm into up tonight. What happened at school today? Tell me what's going on. I wanna know the tea. As soon as I pick her up from school, tell me. And I, it takes everything in me not to go up to that school And I wanna talk to a principal, a guidance counselor or something. Because it's just like, y'all just allow it. It's no problem. So you haven't talked to anybody up there yet? Any authorities at the school? Yes, I have. Oh, you have having This happen? Yeah, I have, but it's kind of like, yeah, we live in Florida, so just like Charma. Oh man. Yeah. You might just gonna have to take her out them back or she, or, or, or you just teach her how to roast.


That's what you gotta do. She gotta turn school into wilding out. She gotta turn school into that playground and really, really tell bitches that they baldhead. You know what I'm saying? Like, she like, no, you, you gotta teach her how to like, yeah, Emini here. She might get jumped. But that's the thing. 'cause the last thing a baldhead bitch wanted to be told is, you baldheaded, you know what Emini here, because they already know that I been there. You know what Emini here. That's the last thing I wanted to hear. But if they're just really hating on her because she pretty, she really gotta, she gotta learn how to throw that sauce on. Jess is a thousand percent right. Jess is, is right. I, we, we had that problem with, with Madison and we had to have a roast contest at the crib and teach her how to roast where she, you know, throws them things right back. And like she said, 'cause she can't come running crying every day 'cause it's gonna make it worse.


That's right. So she gotta learn how to To roll back. Yeah. See And she don't try, she don't cry every day. She doesn't even tell me unless I ask her because I'm like really involved. I'm on her Instagram, her TikTok, I'm on everything I wanna know. So I asked. I'm the one that you know, tried to figure out. She doesn't really wanna tell me, but because she knows that me and her father are kind of crazy. Yep. And then y'all gonna make it a little worse, you know? 'cause y'all are adult Floridians. So y'all already are already crazy. No Uhuh baby. I ain't Uhuh. I'm from Virginia. You down there drinking the water, you crazy. But You know, just make sure whatever you teach her to roast, don't teach a roast. That will come from you like your mama ahoe. Like, you can't do things like that that they know came from you. Yeah. But like you could say like, that's why your mama drive a Toyota. Like, things like that are hurt. Like, It's crazy that this segment is called, well can I drive a to, I drive a Kia.


I can't tell a Toyota. That's right. You can't say nothing. You hamster listen to me. It's crazy. It's crazy that this segment is called Just fix my mess. And Jess is a comedian and master roaster. But you giving the advice. I just Jumped in a little bit. 'cause he, he could relate. I got a couple kids that been through it. That's all. Yeah. You got a clan over here, see? Yeah. They don't even know what their race is a lot. I just had a whole conversation. No, let me ask you a question, Tam. If you got a coworker that lies to your son and tells your son when you leave the room that you really Dominican, how do you handle that, Tim? Yeah. Well that happens to me all the time too. But they swear I'm, I'm Spanish too so I feel you. Oh man. Jackson just told us the bat. He didn't know he was Dominican. He's not Dominican. That's why Little Wisconsin. What, who's that? Which one is that? That's Brooklyn.


Brooklyn. Lil Brooklyn got the sombrero on. Shes embracing her heritage. Did you call her Little Wisconsin? They call her little Wisconsin. That is totally not the name. The Jess. All you gotta do when you see NB kids is name of city. Okay. Name a city. All right Jess, fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good Morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. Good morning. Hi Guys. You're What's up Today is bring your kids to work day. It Sure is. You didn't bring the baby for me. I Emini here. But your other kids are here and just didn't bring the baby for me.


I Didn't practice. I thought it was gonna be too many babies for you. 'cause he said he was gonna bring baby Peyton And I was gonna bring baby Marley. I'm Trying to be a mom of twins. Like, I don't think you could handled it. Yeah, you don't have no kids. So going from no kids to a 3-year-old and a eight month old is crazy. Yeah, you would've been Had problems would And I see how you carry your phone and laptop at the same time. No, No two phones. My goodness. All right, well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a street face. She gets them from somebody that Knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And She'd be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la Sometimes have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well, what's The latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. Alright, so the last hour we began to have this conversation because Michelle Obama has been talking about the fact that she's been not happy about certain things and she's choosing herself in her relationship and impersonal. So y'all started talking about what it's like to have to do things for your spouse that you don't wanna do. Michelle Obama talked about this a bit because she spoke out about not going to certain events. What you laughing at? Envy? Nothing. What Y'all planning? We Ain't planning nothing. Not, Oh, she's, she's talking about not wanting to go and do certain things when she's with Barack Obama.


Let's take a listen to Michelle Obama on skipping events. Unlearning some of those messages that I've been tell saying to myself. And so practicing No in a very different way. Intentionally my decision to skip the inauguration. You know what people don't realize, or my decision to make choices at the beginning of this year that suited me were met with such ridicule and criticism. Like people couldn't believe that I was saying no for any other reason. That they had to assume that my marriage was falling apart. Right. And it took everything in my power to not do the thing that was right or that was was that per, that was perceived as right.


I had to basically trick myself out of it. And it started with not having anything to wear. So I was like, if I'm not going to do this thing, I gotta tell my team, I don't even wanna have a dress ready. Yeah. She talked about having that dress ready. She said she had been so triggered to have to just do stuff for everybody else. That she would keep clothes. You know what Emini here, like there was no self-care. There was no boundaries as we talked about earlier. So question for the room. I know y'all have to do things y'all don't wanna do in y'all marriages. Right? But she's Michelle Obama. Is it 10 times worse? Does she, does she not get the know Emini here? Every relationship is different and people, you know, function how they wanna function in their relationship. But there's, there's times when I need to go to places And I'm sure my wife would rather stay home, but she goes, because we're a team And I, And I know there's times where, you know, she needs to go someplace where I don't want go.


But we're a team and we do, you know, we, we go it is what it is. Does it, do you get that? Like, like, 'cause it seems like a bit, it it started to affect her mentally. There's Not, there's nothing wrong with spouses having boundaries. Especially if those things will disturb her peace. Yeah. If they will disturb her mental, if they do disturb her emotionally. And honestly, if I'm talking to her and she tells me how she feels about a situation and why she doesn't want to go, if she feels very strongly about it, I'm gonna ask myself, well damn, maybe I don't need to be there either. 'cause that's my significant other, that's my better half. She may see something that I don't see. So I don't have a problem with it. Well, President Barack Obama couldn't say he wasn't going to the inauguration. I get that. You can tease to he's a grown man.


He can do whatever you wanna do. He Was going to that. That's a choice. Inauguration. You know what Emini here, like I said, every relationship is different, but I'm sure with you just, there's times where you, you gotta go someplace, Chris. Like all right, f it, I'll go. And I'm sure there's times the opposite you Like, but if it disturbs your peace, it's one thing that just not wanna go. 'cause you don't want to go. But if you're like, y'all, I am morally against this, I knows gonna disturb my peace, it's gonna disturb my mental health. And you still force the person to go, come on now. Well, One thing about Chris, he likes the gun range. I I, I don't like to go, but I do go because that's something that he really likes. He likes golfing. I don't like to go 'cause I don't even know what I'm doing. But you're doing it for him. Boring out. But it's like, like, you know. Yeah, it is like, all right, I'll get cute pictures.


But like, he be really into it. But I go because that makes him feel good that I'm right there don't, or I act like I wanna hit them balls. You know what I'm saying? I'm All right. Cool. Cool. And I think that's dope. I But none of those things disturb her piece. No, they don't disturb my piece. They're Not disturbing you mentally. But what he's saying is, what Envy was saying is like, yo, your husband was the president of the United States. It's not a soul, yo It is a soul. We see how, How miserable Melania look. Okay, alright, cool. You know why? 'cause she be going places. She don't wanna go. She needs to sit her ass home. She like, Michelle's The first lady, but Jess, you have a new baby, you have your older son, you are here at work, you're traveling the road. There are some days where you're just like, yo, I need to breathe. Yeah. And and Michelle Obama's point is she wasn't even taking nap time.


She was so, she was just going, going, going and carrying everything. Because women, that's what we're taught to do. Yeah. We can't Say no, but also we're acting, we, we know what Michelle was saying about President Donald Trump on the campaign trail. Maybe she didn't wanna look like a hypocrite. Maybe she didn't wanna be calling this man a threat to democracy, calling this man a fascist, but then sitting there cheesing in his face like the rest of them, they all, 'cause we all gave them hell for doing it. 'cause they all look silly. But that's, I gave Michelle Prox, like Michelle's the only one that stood on business. Said, said, That's fine, but nobody had the cheese. Nobody had the cheeses face. Even though you, you're forced to be there because of your country. You didn't have to, you know, get my high five and poke 'em in the belly. You ain't have to do none of That. Michelle was there and her face is anything but cheesy now. That's a whole story. And she talked about that too. How she, she could be cheesy drag when things are not perfect.


Absolutely. When she feels a certain way. When she says, when she talks about her Obama's relationship, she gets dragged. And she said she's tired of taking a high road all the time. She don't wanna No, no, no, no, no, no. See that, that right there. No. Hold on. Lemme finish. She finish. Let me go where? Finish. Why you don't Play our audio? Let, because we don't have the time. And y'all been talking a lot. What she said was that talking a, she said that she doesn't, she's tired of taking the high role all the time when it compromises her mental health and she doesn't wanna teach her daughters That. I'd much rather hear that from Michelle or Obama than you. You should have the audio. I'm just like, I'm senior. Newest producer. Don't blame that on that. Y'all just ain't gonna get the audio. No, we, that's what That was. Don't we? We have another clip but don't play. I wanted to get to something else. You all taking over my segment. Get to it. Get to it. Story. Thank you Jess.


The, so Michelle Obama related, it's Rari Lennox. Okay, what happened? Rari Lenox is no longer on Dreamville. Right. The story came out that she's leaving Dreamville Don't with your fan. I wanna get this in because when the story dropped, people thought that she released this announcement. It did not come from her. I'm told by a source close that. And they want people to know that that did not come from her. And she does not feel good about how it was released. And that is a big part of the reason of why she wanted to be separated from Dreamville. She wants control back over herself and over her music. And the story that was published was not Ari Lennox whatsoever. It came from somewhere else and she still signed to Interscope, which is a UMG Uhi like part of subsidiary. Right. So she's still gonna be releasing music and doing different things. But that Dreamville announcement was not her things are amicable or so she thought that that's it.


She's that needs to be said. Well good for Her. She's dope. She's dope. And she didn't feel comfortable in, she got out and she's doing things the way she wants to do it. She wants to control whole narrative and good luck to her. Absolutely. Yeah. And happy birthday to Keani. It is her birthday too today. So, you know, I just You're speaking of singers. She Mexican? No, she's not. Mexican is Mexican. No Egyptian. I trying to make everybody Mexican. Yo. I think she Latino, Mexican. Everybody's Mexican because you know you got a Mexican birthday calendar and you know all the Mexican birthday. True. Cedric, the entertainer is not Mexican. He's not black. He's 61 though. He needed that birthday shot. Thank you. So she know all the comedians and all the Mexican birthday That's On brand for Jesse Alaris. Yo. Yeah. Why when you said Chris likes to go to the gun, he opened up his eyes like that.


It looked like he was about to. You gotta watch him. He I know I do. He is the clown. He's trying to, no, he wants to protect his family. Yes, exactly. Just that didn't help that day. Dang. I knew what you, I knew what you was hitting at because he trying to do it ride along. No, he don't know where I live at. Oh, okay. He better not Up in my whoo. We have no more dumps. We have no more dumps. All guys. All right. All right people. Choice mixes up. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are Checking out The Breakfast Club Morning. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club today is bring your kids to Workday. I got my kids here.


I have Jackson, London, and Brooklyn. Hey Charlemagne tried to say that they Dominican my, my son is confused. He doesn't know what he is now. No he is not. Charlemagne. Ask him does he eat empanadas? They all confused. Ask your granddaddy where he from? Dominica. Dominic. You from Queens? No. Ask your grand. I am from Queens. Do you have shout outs? You wanna give everybody a shout out? Come on to the mic now. Anybody? Nah, I don know nobody. How y'all ain't named none of the kids? Santa Domingo? Yo. You get Shout out to anybody. You and Mom To mom. Brooklyn. You wanna give anybody a shout out? Come on bro. Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up. Why you Name why you ain't named Just dad? Alright. Why you say Port De Plateau? Y'all ain't named none of them. You know what man? Why are they named after just American Cities? Forget y'all. That don't make no sense.


You from the Dominican 8 0 3 3 R three Fresh. Shout to them for joining us this morning. Salute the 8 0 3 Fresh man. Make sure you go download Boots on the ground. I just wanna tell you 8 0 3 Fresh. I've been doing The Breakfast Club for what, 16, 17 years. And they came with the most people ever. What? You gotta understand it look like a family reunion outside Some People here because they all supporting 8 0 3 fresh. They happy for 'em. You know this don't happen for people from South Carolina too often. How they get all upstairs? All of 'em. All of 'em. Upstairs. It was like a Whole cookout. They should have bought the grills. Shoulda bought the hot links. Everything. I didn't know they was coming with that many people, but they, it's like they drove it's moms and it's aunts like they just happy To see that's, I said it wasn't an entourage. It was like a family reunion reunion. A great aunt out there.


Somebody grandmother you. That's Oh my god. It was, it was a lot. Really? Should have did a barbecue yesterday. A Lot of people. We should have A fish fry. That's what we should have. We could have right in front of the building. Yep. And Everybody had to bring their their cowboy boots on to do the dance. That would've been dope. Well salute to them and make sure you download their record or stream their record. Boots on the brand. Boots on the ground. Now Jess, I know you got a show coming up in Orlando, right? No, I, Detroit. Orlando? Yes. I was in Detroit. I'm in Detroit. So Mother's Day weekend, y'all come and join me at one Mike Comedy Club. We got three shows in one day that Saturday May 10th. Get your tickets at jess RS official.com. We got the 11:00 AM brunch, the Early evening show, which is at seven and then the Late show at 9:30 PM I will be doing meet and greet only after the nine 30 show.


Love you guys. Can't wait to get there. Detroit and This Saturday Charlamagne's in Atlanta. Yes, for the third annual Black Effect podcast festival, go get your tickets. Black effect.com/podcast festival. Sarah Jake Roberts will be on that podcast stage. Cam Newton will be on that podcast stage tanking Jay Valentine will be on that podcast stage. So join us this Saturday in Atlanta for the third annual Black Effect podcast festival, black effect.com/podcast festival to get you tickets. And the positive notice simply this. The secret of change is the focus. All of your energy. Not on fighting the old, but on building the new. That's Socrates. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all Done?


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Top reasons data nerds wanna move to Ohio? High Paying careers for business researchers, analysts, project managers, and more. So many jobs you can take your pick. What else does the data say? How about a bigger backyard, a shorter commute, and a paycheck that goes further. So crunch the numbers and our world famous pickles. It all adds up the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it. All. Dive into the data@callohiohome.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelley blue kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelly Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.