
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Everybody. It's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv iHeartPodcasts. An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called the Edge of Daybreak recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band surviving members are long outta prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The Air to daybreak eyes of love was supposed to been followed up by another Apple. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning Charlemagne Guy Beast of the Planet is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Fa. Happy to be here. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning. What's happening? Good Morning. What's up Jess? How you feeling? I'm feeling good. Feeling great. Good night's sleep. Absolutely. Yeah. Got protective hairstyle sitting though that it ain't move. Woo. That crazy. It look good when you was on the Zoom. It look even better in person. I ain't seen it. Thank you. Appreciate you. I I love the shortcut y'all. Shortcut is you like your shortcut. Yes. You gotta get ready too fast. No, no.


You wake up, take his scar off, you know, hit curl a little bit. Head there with the comb and then you just go Put some wavery on it. I don't do none of that. I don't. That was back in day a great compliment that he trying to play because he's still not over the fact that I had a Booy P like he's really not buying into that. I need to see pictures. I'm telling you. So you would go to the barber shop and like, let me get a number three. Yo. Yes. I was killing 'cause I got the the best head for It. So why ain't never put that up for Throw it back Thursday. I Did. I put it up before when I was pregnant. I put it up. Yo, this the one that I had this when I was pregnant. Oh no, that's not a one. That's like a half Ain't a one. That's a me. Yeah, No, That ain't you. That's a Michael. But it was blonde. It was blonde, it was blonde.


So it was like, it was short and you know what I'm saying? But yeah. Yep. Sexy. A movie Roll. Look at this. Yeah, look at his, look at the head though. Head shape. Perfect. Yeah it is. Everybody can't pull that off. You know what, Emini here. Oh, that's when you was pregnant with Ashley? Yeah. Was pregnant. Oh, got you, got you got. Yeah, I was 19. Yep. Okay. Period. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Pacman Jones will be joining us this morning. Yes. He's got a new show called the Pacman Jones Show on Bet Online. I thought it was called Politely Raw. I thought It was called Politely Raw too. Oh, politely. Okay. The name of the show is Politely Raw. It's on Battle, on Lines. YouTube. I think that's a good way to describe Pacman Jones. Politely raw. Politely raw. Absolutely not. No. There's polite. Nothing polite about the guy at all. No, he's a really good guy though.


Yeah, just straight, raw. Just should. There you go. Yeah. Extremely raw. Alright, that's the thing. We got front page news next Morgan Wood is back and we'll get to her in a little bit. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If Somebody, what if somebody done Mustard outta his sleep screaming his name like that? I'm Deep Sleep. His kid he got, yep. His son. They a video just went viral. He was in the crib. He was like mustard. Like he keeps saying it at night. Oh my goodness. They can't get him to stop h saying hilarious. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Good morning, DJ Envy. Charlemagne, the guy and Jess. Hilarious. How y'all doing? Happy Tuesday. Good, good. How was your Vacay girl?


Man, feels good. Feels good to be back. Unfortunately. You know what I'm saying? That's not so, it's the news is not so up. So, but first and foremost, let me Just say, shout out to Bria Mimi for holding it down. Appreciate y'all, but let's get into it. So the White House is standing on business when it comes to deportations. The Trump administration claims the President is acting within his authority within the bounds of the law to carry out deportations. Now this follows allegations that the Trump administration defied a federal judge. That being us District Judge James Boasberg, his order that blocked the deportation of Venezuelan gang members under the Alien Enemies Act of 19, or excuse me, 1798.


The White House says Trump did not refuse to comply with the Venezuelan deported word. Were no longer because they were no longer in the US territory. While borders are Tom Holman called the Judge's Order Radical for defying logic. Now, recent flight records and a timeline of event show that the two, two out of the three planes were already out of the country while the third had not yet departed from Texas when the order was announced. And later when the order was actually written up. Because that was a whole nother thing. Like is it in writing? When it actually was written up, that flight was still on the ground in Texas. So the White House press secretary Caroline Levitt, she addressed the matter saying in a briefing yesterday. Well, here's what she had to say in the press briefing yesterday.


The president is using every lever lever of his executive authority and his constitutional authority within the bounds of the immigration laws of our country to ensure that our streets are safer for law abiding American citizens. And as you saw this past weekend, the President used his authority under the Alien Enemies Act to deport foreign terrorist trend. UA is now a designated forestter foreign terrorist organization. Yeah. So White House Deputy Chief of Staff of Policy, Steven Miller, he also defended the deportations and slammed the judge in the process. Let's take a listen to his comments. He didn't know how much fuel was on those planes. He didn't know how many hours those pilots had flown.


He didn't know where they were over international airspace. He didn't know the security conditions on those planes. Either they're allowed to stay here one day longer and threaten and menace innocent American lives, or they leave this country where they cannot threaten and innocent, innocent American lives. This is why I wanna know more when it comes to the deportations because deporting illegal immigrants who have committed crimes, I understand that shouldn't be a problem, right? Shouldn't be an issue. So why are folks fighting about gang members being sent away? Like there are some other deportation cases I'm sure they could be fighting about. Like folks who've been in this country for a long time not committing no crimes, paying taxes, would've gotten caught up in the the the process. Those are folks they should be fighting for. Why they raising hell about a gang being deported? So the main thing is proof and making sure that the US is getting it right when it comes to deporting criminals, you know, and making sure that they get their due process, that you're actually deporting people who are committing crimes as opposed to just you running down on anybody just because they might be an A migrant.


So this is a bipartisan matter as Texas Democratic Congressman Henry Quar thinks this will discourage more Central Americans from making the trip north into his border district. Of course, you know, he borders his, he's on a Texas border town, so this can be a bipartisan matter. So let's hear more from Texas Democratic Congressman Henry Quar on this matter, Sending folks back on ice air, what I call ice air has certainly helped. The Trump administration has successfully gotten some of those countries that were not very friendly taking back their folks. I'm glad that the administration has opened up those doors so we can send people back to those countries as soon as possible, especially the criminals.


So the first of these flights, touchdown over the weekend marking improved relations between the US and Venezuela. I know in the last administration we didn't even recognize that they had had an, their election, the recent election where Trump has, they have been stopped in response to a move from President Trump to revoke Texas-based Chevron's license to operate in the country. So things, it seems like with all of this, hopefully relations between the two countries or EE even with El Salvador as well, who has said that they would take on some of the deported migrants, that those relations between the countries would get better. So the Trump administration has apparently been carrying out deportations under the centuries old Alien Enemies Act. The US district Judge, judge of course preemptively barred the removal of some migrants under the act for the next 14 days, now 13 days.


And he expanded the decision to apply to all non-citizens in US custody. Just to give you some more background on the Alien Enemies Act of 1798, they're calling it centuries old. Of course it was designed to be used when the US is at war or when foreign nations have invaded the us. So a court hearing was held yesterday afternoon and a judge pressed Justice department lawyer, AB Ab Behe, cabali out over the order now. And Kaley basically responded by saying he's the only, he's the only authorized to talk about what he's talked about in the filing, but claimed that he cannot use these proceedings to interfere with the president's national security and foreign affairs authority and that the court lacks jurisdiction to do so as well.


So another hearing is scheduled for Friday and we will see what comes of that. But experts, legal experts anticipate a lengthy, lengthy court battle in regards to deportations in all of this. So you're not wrong Charlamagne by saying, Hey, we gotta get some, somebody on to talk more about it. Yeah, I just want some clarity. Like I, I would like to know, you know, what were the Biden administration and Obama administration using to de deport people? And why wouldn't Trump use that? This is why I need to go on that ride along because I got questions for Ice Man. Oh Lord. Not the ride along. You wanna go in that ride? Ride along. I was gonna say it might not come back man. I think the whole thing is due process. I know they asked you. I think it's due process. People want them to have due process. But I'm with you. If they're a gang member and they have warrants and nah, just like who are we fighting for? Are we fighting for good people?


Are we fighting for people that's been paying their taxes or we fighting the people that's been here trying to stay here? You know, we fighting for it doesn't seem like there's Emini Here. Fight for anybody. It's just a fight for America first. Why you? That's what I'm saying. I just got questions. You know what I'm saying? Because maybe I'm missing it. They need to explain it the way you explained it, Morgan. You know, make sure these folks are actual gang members. Correct. Make sure they committed actual crimes. Yes. I would think ICE would've done that already, but maybe not. I don't know. You Got, you. Go on with ice. Just don't, you know, don't play. 'cause you're the type to be like in right there. Let's go get 'em. Yep. See that passport. That's front page news. Welcome Me in the building real quick just to scare him. Hey, shut up man. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines or wide open, call us up right now.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, char Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Hey, good morning y'all. If I get from 3 0 5, what's happening y'all? What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Hey man, I just wanna say Charlemagne envy. Jess. Good morning. Good morning. As far as you de the system was already working.


What this new administration is doing is the numbers are not numbering the by administration. By administration. They were already deporting illegal criminal immigrants by big numbers because they were emphasizing criminals. This administration is trying to, is not emphasizing criminals, they're just trying to get rid of everybody. And I know this because I work with ice, I work at CIS. Okay. So what happens is when I'm looking at paperwork nowadays, it's not just the illegal immigrants or criminals that are doing something bad, they're rounding up innocent people as well.


So this recent flight that just what El Salvador, that's because America and El Salvador basically worked off a deal and they paid him $6 million to send it to a country run by a dictator. Why do you think they, they didn't do a deal with a Mexico or a Columbia or something like that. So this, this administration's doing is jacked up. So let me ask you a question. Shouldn't it be more people being deported if he's deporting like everybody as opposed to, you know, a Biden or Obama who was just deporting criminals because Emini here, Obama deported more people than anybody. No, that's the thing. The emphasis was on criminality.


The Biden administration, Obama administration, they understood there were people that feared for their lives from different parts of Central America and Latin America and they came here to do good. So the people like that that were already here, unfortunately yeah, they, they came in here illegally, but they had the humanity to be like, you know what, these people, their law fighting sisters, they're taking care of the people and, and let's reward their, they came in here and they want to contribute to America. Why would we punish that? Gotcha. So that's why we had TPS, that's why we wanted to take care of our people. So that's not what's, that's not what's happening right now.


And very unfortunate. Gotcha. And you said you work, what is CI You said you work for C-I-S-C-I-S. So that's United States citizenship And I immigration services. That's basically where people become permanent residents and then eventually it becomes business, man. Got you. Every time I go to work, man, it's a blessing what I'm doing. I'm helping people change their lives, man. 'cause once it becomes business, man, that just gives them the opportunity to do great things this life. Well we thank you for your service brother. Thank you brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. We do actor Tracy Morgan was wheeled off of the court yesterday. The seen the next game in a wheelchair after throwing up all over court side.


So we are gonna talk about what went down. I Seen that. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight face Off Man. She gets them from somebody that knows Somebody well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything and she'd be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. So last night Tracy Morgan was attending the Miami Heat game against the New York Knicks in Madison Square Garden.


And he was wheeled off of the court in a wheelchair and he was throwing up. So what happened is he was sitting court side, it was like him and a friend or like there was a guy next to him. I believe it was his friend though. 'cause a guy was trying to help him. There's tons of video and he just starts throwing up profusely. Like he's like not even able to like stop it at a certain point. I see. So then there's like medics that come onto the floor and are like, they put him in the chair and they're wheeling him off and as they're wheel him off, he's like holding a towel and there's videos from behind him where you see like blood in a towel. Which, you know, that happens sometimes like when you're throwing up like really heavily. That's usually Yeah. Yeah. But, and then there were people there that were saying like, they saw him, like saw the blood in the towels where blood coming from his nose and he was just trying to get himself together as they took him off the court.


But of course it like stunned everybody like, you know what Emini here, he's, he's been dealing with some health stuff for like the past like year or two though. And I, I, I believe it was like since his first car accident. So what was it last night? Was it food poisoning? So the a rep for him has not commented on exactly what it was last night. Was he Celebrating St. Patrick's Day? AKA white Cinco de Mayo, Cinco de Mayo could have been Doing, I don't know when I saw it, I thought that too. I'm like, well maybe he just, you know, had little Bit too much to drink At good time with Some drinks. Tracy don't drink though. Oh. Oh, we don't Uhuh. So probably food Poison. Tracy don't drink. Yeah, I don't, I don't know the answer to that question as of Now. Might make food poison or something that say, well maybe he's sick, he got a flu cold or something like that. But Tracy don't drink. 'cause I, I, I remember somebody was telling me, 'cause he has a sweet at the game sometimes, but there's no lick his week.


But he does not drink so it's not so take alcohol out Of it. I know one thing strange as hell to see people just pulling out their phones to record somebody throwing up. Even Stranger is the blogs posting the actual like picture of him throwing up? Yeah, that's Emini here. It could have just been a picture of him in a headline, but they're actually like, like we all haven't been sick before. Yeah, The picture's insane alone. But the videos, it's like videos from every angle side front behind him. Like there was a ton. Yo, lemme get that. Yo Tracy throwing up son. Crazy. Why it's so crazy. Why would You record that? Yeah. Crazy. But as of now, again, there's no word as to like what caused the medical episode or whatever, but yeah, he was, he was taken out the, the game. So hopefully he's, you know, feeling better today.


Well God bless the OG Tracy. Absolutely man. For sure. Hope Everything is okay. Well last night the iHeart Music Awards went down. What? For Real? Yeah. Girls ain't know either. Damn. Who was on it must, it must have been just Pop. No, no, no. They had some of us over there. Oh damn. Yeah, it was actually I love that. I love they had, they had some of us over there. Damn. Yeah, yeah. Did. I thought it was just pop stuff. It was like all of us. So So it was hosted by LL Cool J. Okay. Oh wow. At the Adobe Theater in LA There was a lot that went down. Lady Gaga pulled up. This is not one of, I'm just naming some people that saw On the carpet. We know Lady G was not one of us Lady. Lady G got pulled up. Doce was there. Robin Thick Offset was there. Nelly Ashanti, His name Mariah Carey.


Maria. Maria Long Maria Care. Yes. Bunny, sexy Red, Mariah, Carey, Nelly and Taylor Swift were three big honorees of the night. I'm gonna get into their honorees, but I did wanna announce some of the winners. So Hip Hop Song of the Year, not like Us by Kendrick Lamar, of course Artist of the Year. Taylor Swift, hip hop, artist of the Real Glow, hip Hop Artist of the Year. Glow. Rilla. Yeah, glow. She also performed with Sexy Bread last night. Gorilla And I love Gorilla by the way, over Kendrick though. Hop Artist of the Year. Yes. Hip hop Artist of the Year was Illa. And I love, I love Glow. I'm not mad at it, but Globe been working Man. But Kendrick had a phenomenal year. He Did Best New Hip Hop artist. Boss Man Dlo R and b Song of the Year Made for Me Money Long.


Money Long was a part of the Mariah Carey tribute that we'll get into in a second. RB Artist of the Year. SA World Artist of the Year. Tyla Best new artist for bats. I saw him there with Anisia. I'm back outside his girlfriend. I know her best new artist, Teddy Swims our guy. Hey, country Artist of the Year. Jelly Roll. Nice Big Jelly. Yeah, it was a ton of stuff. Pop Artists of the Year. Sabrina Carpenter, wicked Won. Favorite soundtrack. Okay. Yeah. So it was a ton of things that went Down. I knew nothing about the iHeart Radio Awards. Who presented? Like who's the, like did they have any iHeartRadio talent? Was Ryan Seacrest there? Mario Lopez, big Boy, Durin. Anybody Emini here? I know we weren't there, but I did see some of the talent. But the presentations that I saw that we're gonna talk about the big ones, Mariah Carey, she was honored.


She won Icon, the Icon Award and they did like a big music tribute to her. Now the music tribute featured Money Long and Tory Kelly. Now some people weren't too fond of the tribute Tough task. Tough task to tough, tough task to do. Mariah Karaoke. That's What I, yeah, Tori. Tori ate it up. But Said she ate, she chewed a little bit to Tori was nibbling at it. Tori came close to the money. Now I love money, but like, can't do Mariah though. It sound like karaoke that too. Like I coulda did that. I felt like Tory Tory sounded, I I thought they both Sounded I could sing. If you don't do that you can sing just like as much as money can Yoing. We got a Mariah Care Instrumental Jess girl. No, it It might be your time because Not yet. I don't, I don I think when you listen to somebody do a Mariah Carey tribute, you should just enjoy them doing the song.


Like you shouldn't look to him to, you know, even be able to get close to what Mariah Carey, That's what tributes are To be Mariah's a 1 0 1 that's not happening. And then you nobody sounds like Maria, Ariana, Ariana Grande definitely did Mariah Care. She could have got closer. She could have got closer. Like, nah, you, you nah, we not gonna play. Like when you do a tribute, you expect for people to really show up that they'll never be as you know, Mariah Can shatter glass with her voice. Yes. She Can expect, I know that I that out. But we feel, we believe this. We've never seen it. We agree. Y but wait, I also, I wanna go into too, because Nelly also Tubby.


No, Nelly received an award too. He received the Landmark award and Ashanti presented him with the award. Nice. Let's take a listen to Ashanti. Okay, so he did not know that I was coming up here. He thought I just went to the bathroom. Back in the day when people thought about rap, they thought about the east and west coast. But in 2000 a rapper emerged out of St. Louis who would change the game forever and put the Midwest on the map. That rapper was Nelly. This year marks the 25th anniversary of his groundbreaking album, country Grammar. It topped the charts for six consecutive weeks and became one of the bestselling hip hop records of all time and sold over 10 million albums.


I'm so proud to honor Country Grammar and the talented guy who made it my soulmate, my husband Nelly with the iHeartRadio Landmark Award. Oh, get over there. So Country, I love that Salute to Nelly Country. Grandma old enough to drink. He still old. Dang I I thought Playboy Cardi made me feel old. But that one right different. Yeah. And then he performed some of his, his some, some of his songs. As we wrap up, I wanna say I did see Roxy on the carpet. Shout out to Roxy. She had a moment with Ashanti and Nellie as well too that started to go viral last night. And Lady Gaga actually R War iHeart, huh? Well she's My girl.


No, I'm just asking. I'm just asking. She the homie, But she don't work here at all. Oh, okay. What? Okay, I'm gonna mind my business about the point y'all trying to make. Taylor Swift received tour of the Century Award and it was actually two years of the Aris tour yesterday. So she received that as well too. Lady Gaga was also honored. So shout out to I heard music awards for 2025. Now Shout out to it.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst. As he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew of obviously. Mm pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I started to live a double life when I was a teenager, responsible and driven and wild and out of control. My head is pounding. I'm confused. I don't know why I'm in jail. It's hard to understand what hope is when you're trapped in a cycle of addiction. Addiction took me to the darkest places. I had an AK 47 plan at my head, but one night a new door opened And I made it into the rooms of recovery. The path would have roadblocks and detours, stalls and relapses. But when I was feeling the most lost, I found hope with community And I made my way back this season, join me on my journey through addiction and recovery. A story told in 12 steps. Listen to Krems as part of the Michael Luda podcast network. Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli is based on my cohost Mark's bestselling book of the same title. And on this show we call upon his years of research to help unpack the story behind the godfather's birth from start to finish. This Is really the first interview I've done in bed. We sift through innumerable accounts. I Said three, five pages isn't Very much. Many of them conflicting. That's Nonsense. There were 60 pages And try to get to the truth of what really happened. And they said, We're finished. This is over. Literally not gonna work. You gotta get rid of those guys. This does That. Leave the Gun. Take the cannoli features. New and archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, that was the Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


We wasn't there. We don't know. We found out at dinner yesterday that it was happening. Crazy. Okay. All right, well thank you for the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Pacman Jones will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Listen, what's up? Well, I don't know if it's up, if it's down, if it's stuck, I don't know what, but the ceasefire in Israel is over. Okay, so as Israel hit Gaza with what is being called a series of extensive strikes overnight while we slept Israeli war planes carried out airstrikes in the Gaza Strip.


Ministry of Health officials have told a B, C news that over 130 people have been killed in the widespread attack so far it's probably with those numbers expected to rise with more than 300 in injured. A statement from Israeli pri prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu said The latest military action is a response to Hamas repeated refusal to release hostages and rejecting peace officers made by mediators. So the airstrike follows a ceasefire of nearly two months during which dozens of Israeli hostages have been exchanged for nearly 2000 Palestinian prisoners. So that situation overseas has detentions are now tense. Again, I'm Not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but I do know that what I, what I never understand about this situation is aren't you possibly bombing the hostages too?


Yes. Yeah. Yes, that is true. It doesn't make no sense at all. Yeah, That is, that is true. Meanwhile, the White House says appease deal between Ukraine and Russia is close to being done as ever as it's ever been. Press Secretary Caroline Levit says Talks are on the 10th yard line of peace and added that talks with Russia will focus on land. Let's hear more from White House Press Secretary Caroline Levitt. We're Closer to a peace deal than we are in this moment. And the President, as you know, is determined to get one done. The president and his entire national security team have been engaged directly with President Zelensky and the Ukrainians team. And that has been part of the discussion between the president's team and the Ukrainians.


As for where those lines will be drawn or any specifics, I am not going to get into that from this podium. Now LT also didn't hesitate to blame the Biden administration for its handling of the Ukraine, Russia war. Of course this comes as Trump is set to hold a call with Russian President Vladimir Putin today. And on Sunday, Trump said discussions would center on land and power plants. So we will see what comes out of those discussion. Ukraine has already agreed to a US backed ceasefire proposal. So we waiting on Russia to see what they going to do. But switching gears, bringing things back home stateside. Anyways, guess what drops today, the files related to the assassination of former president John F. Kennedy will be released today. President Trump made the announcement while touring the Kennedy Center in Washington DC a concert venue that he recently took over as chair Trump said at about 80,000 pages will be released.


Let's hear more from President Trump While we're here. I thought it would be appropriate. We are tomorrow announcing and giving all of the Kennedy files. So people have been waiting for decades for this. And I've instructed my people that are responsible, lots of different people to put together by Tulsi Gabert and that's gonna be released tomorrow. We have a tremendous amount of paper. You've got a lot of reading. I don't believe we're gonna redact anything I said just don't redact. You can't redact. They're not gonna release any of the good stuff. I, I'm sure a lot of it'll be heavily redacted. For example, if JFK wasn't inside job, do you think America would admit that?


Do you think America would snitch on itself? Emini here we're trying to root out all the waste, fraud and abuse. So we, we might need to do so in order to hit that reset button. Right? Why would he do that? I think Trump would, but I think Trump would put all that out. I think he'll put it out on John F. Kennedy. I think he'll put it on Martin Luther Jr. Think, I think he'll put all that paperwork Down. I think you don't know Donald Trump then. Like why? I think why would Kids 30,000 pages keeps us busy. While there are other things going on, I just wanted to mention that of course, Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas in 1963. So, and of course Trump says he's disappointed all of this after actually touring the Kennedy Center. He said the building is in tremendous disrepair, vowing to fix it up. The facility has claims it's deteriorator deteriorated under bad management.


And of course the Kennedy Center underwent a $250 million expansion project back in 2019. And Trump didn't go into detail about his future plans of renovating the venue. But he is, this is comes after his first visit, visit to the venue after naming himself chairman and firing multiple members of the performing Arts institutions board last month. But if I can just plug something real quick, because all is, I think all is not lost on the Kennedy Center. I know a lot of people have stepped down from their board, I believe Issa Rae and there's other producers who have been involved but all is not lost on the Kennedy Center. Okay. A multifaceted artist and DC Native Nucci, he's hosting his front porch live series at the concert venue for one night only, April 4th.


This is one of those, if you know, type, know type deals, you know Nucci is a big deal in the DMV and of course go-Go bands and local artists have been on the front porch. But also Snoop, Selena Johnson, Robin Thick the locks, big Daddy Kane, even Ruben Stutter has graced the front porch. So shout out to the homie Nucci and yeah, you know, all is not completely lost. So y'all can still support some stuff. Girl Reuben was on the porch. Yes he was when he was big. Yes. Ruben, he's still big Emini here. I he not as big as it used to be. I ain't see Reuben in the man Ruben. I don't know. That's a good question. Yeah, Exactly. Tweet was, tweet has been on the front porch. So I'm just saying this, like I said, this is a DMV if you know, you know type thing. And if you don't go search front porch. Oh no, it's very, it is, it Is gotten his wings.


It's definitely started taking off. So now it's like the new little tiny desk. It's just like a smaller version. But it's coming up though. I think I just saw Snoop on that, didn't I? Snoop Oh, Oh, Snoop Dogg. No, no. Snoop Dogg was Snoop. That's what's Up. Yeah. So you know, just putting that out there that, you know, you got up and coming artist to be on Snoop, Snoop Will always be on the porch. No, for real. We call it the front. No, but bitch. But, but yeah, that's a big deal for, you know, artists like that to be performing and taking something like that to the Kennedy Center platform. So, you know, let's not just you be all mad and up in arms about everything, you know, it's still a little, a little fun to be had.


Absolutely. But I'm, I'm not gonna get too much into that. Let me just go ahead and digress. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BIN news.com. Thank you. All right, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, Pacman Jones will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. He's back. Ladies And gentlemen, Pacman Jones. Welcome back. Hey, I should just be on this goddamn show, bro. Like, I'm sorry for my, my my my words, but like, I'm you okay? I've been here a couple times. You definitely been here a couple times.


Appreciate y'all for keeping it real. Every time a camera go on your face pack man or a microphone goes in front of you, you say something thing you do too. You do the same thing. That is true that, so I took, I I I watch you and I'm like, oh okay. I don't think I've ever just straight up said person though. Well like, you know, you might've, no, I don't think so. Let me think. Ain't Nothing wrong with saying that. No, ain't nothing wrong with it. But you know, I'm from the bro, I'm from the west side of Atlanta. You bro, like it ain't no questions about come in. What is the problem? What time coming on? Like what Is the problem though with it? Baby ain't got no problem, you know what I'm saying? But I sit and hold a lot of in my pocket and then I decide when should I let it out.


You know what, Emini here. So I was at a up point in my life. Like I was really like outside when he was, I don't want to my crib and do all that. But like I Gucci have never made more money than me. Not per year. Like any year that he's been born, that I've been born, he haven't made more money than me. Is he out here saying that he has or He's Well he say he want his career end up like Pacman Jones, but I'm outside side, you know what I'm saying? I ain't talking about 40 music age either that time. 10. How long, how long ago was that lyric though? Man, I don know. When was that? Oh, that's what I'm saying. I don't even remember when it was. Why you bringing it? Well how did the beef was the beef that Lyric was after?


I don't really like, yeah, both From Atlanta. So usually people from Atlanta, when an artist comes outta Atlanta athletes It's like being from Brooklyn and being from Queens. Queens. There we go. We respect what y'all got going on over there. But like we ain't with that on our side of town. You know what, Emini here. So You haven't seen him? Y'all haven't had a conversation? Y'all haven't Actually I got a call the other day about a conversation And I ain't going to air everything out right now, but decent conversation. But y had a conversation. Decent. And you still up here talking about Gucci man. You still, Did you hear what I just told you? I Did. Alright. You also said you don't with the whole Decatur though. God damn. It's one thing to have beef for one person, but the whole Decatur.


The whole Decatur, it's just that side of town, bro. Like on the west side, like we all kinda like stick together, work with each other. That side over there. Steam is, they don't even know how to work with each other. You got a couple of 'em like it's only probably two people, three people I with in Decatur. That's Big D, Ike, Jody, one 60, Jody, that's it. Oh, okay. But besides that, nah man, I don't fuck with nothing on the east side Pac Man. You 40 years old. 40 my business bro. Let me be young bro. I don't feel bro. Look at me bro. Hold on. Look at me. Do I mother look funny? No, don't you don't. No you don't. And this bag might look funny heavy right here.


You don't, I'm always, I'm outside like my life is. And You here for politely raw, but you ain't nothing polite about you. You don't think so? You don't think that was polite Sir? No. Explain what that is though. How did you, what what, what is politely raw? What is It? So I came up with the politely raw, like all right, I could be like, not a ass but I could just tell it in my way and not cut it speaking up a politely raw. Shout it to my team. I bet on mine the ag. But like my show Pacman Jones show. It's just me. Like, y'all rock. I'm politely raw. I'm not. I'm a little nicer than y'all. I don say, you hear how you started the first 30 seconds bro. You should not even tell You're right. You absolutely right. You absolutely you are all the way rock.


You're right, you're right, you're right. All of all of, I'm trying to be a better person though. I'm trying to be more involved. But you gotta do your job, bro. Like I always tell people like when I get locked up, I know people gonna talk about me. If that's their job to do, now I get to talk about whether I like they music, whether I like the way they playing or they not playing good. How this play looked, what they did over here in PLL, how was the hockey game like? And I just, I try to kind of keep it a little different than everybody else. Like, like Pat McAfee is one of my best friends. His is way different. And if you watch Pat show you can tell like, all right, he just got his own look. You know what Emini here I with it. His own lane, huh? What? Especially on SN. Yeah.


Yeah. But like, And I try to take a little bit of what he done show me I should say. And like doing it my own way. I'm 90% right, about 90% of the, did I say do you think Stephen A. Smith was right since he has a job to do, was he right to say what he said about Bronny James? And, and how, how'd you feel about LeBron confronting him about it? LeBron gotta confront him. That's his child. What are we talking about bro? Stephen, they got a job to do too. I only thing I I I would critique with Stephen A is alright you, you can talk about the play and how you do it, but don't get into the family. Like there's no way I would've did I now if I would've said, all right Brony suck, that's cool, but I don't need to say, eh, your dad, I don't know what he's doing. Got you as a father, you can't do that because then that goes you ain't really critiquing the play.


You critiquing us as a father, A father. Then that's the problem. Yeah. I would've smacked the out Steven Smith if he would've said that about my son. Like that's just me, GP all right, cool what it is, let's go and take this ride. But I'm Finn I'm finna time I seen him it would've been premeditated. Like I was telling my cousin Earl, I'm like, it wasn't really about what he said about Brandon. It's all the other, he said to connect everything. You get what I'm saying? The article wasn't even about Brent. The article was about what he said about Bron to bring it to Brandy. So that's what I think about. I think critiquing his play is not wrong. The way you critique the play is I think he coulda handled that a little better. Like why, why do you even need to throw all the other in it? Just say up. But when you start throwing different things in there, then it become personal.


Like, like it is a personal vendetta. Steve ain't know what he was doing though. When you talk about you politely raw, you know some, some people can be mad at the things that you say too. Now I Don't give a fuck. Have you ever confronted somebody about what they said about you Pacman in the media? Nah. 'cause I don't give a fuck. And I, I I respect people like you do your opinion like you do do certain, certain things like your opinion. What you say about me is your opinion bro. I've been locked up a hundred times. You done said about me. I ain't never confronted you about hey bro you know you, you could have said this a little. I was innocent on that. Did you know that? Like, but that's the part of the game. But I come from a place where if you ain't being talked about you ain't you irrelevant anyway as you ain't doing nothing. Right?


Yeah. I don't mind nobody talking about me And I like talking. I'm probably one of, I'm smart as that. Who people really don't know about me. Alright, We got more with Pacman Jones when we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Jess Hilarious Charlemagne de guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking with Pacman Jones Charlamagne. One thing you said recently that I do agree with, I agree Sports leagues should stop testing for weed 100. What are your reasons for saying that? I'm saying bro, they give us all these Percocets like I got a script of hydrocodone right now. 150 pills a month. Mm Damn. So you telling me for what? Because I had C3 C four neck surgery. I'm, I'm fucked up. Okay. My body is in a lot of pain but what I'm saying is like they rather give me the perks and the hydrocodone and and then I can't even smoke weed but I can go ahead on this test before a game with these perks and hydrocodone in me and that that's gonna affect me way more than the we you take a Percocet and all before the game, you might feel a little jittery and like that.


Nah, how you loop Nok? Oh yeah. That smoking a joint you can't even perform on. No, no. Don't Just say that. Don't Just say I know a lot of people that perform on perk on on thirties play a whole game. Damn. Damn. What'd they mix the perk with? Nothing. Gatorade. What perk? Gatorade. I don't say no names. I swear to God. I swear to God like I've had, if I say the team I might Confessing right now. You They're in the league no more. It don't matter Don. I need to see some Dang. I swear to God but I've seen people take a perk 30 and play a whole game. You wouldn't even know it though.


Won't even know it. You know what's crazy? I wonder did the NFL help you If you get addicted to that? Like if you end up getting addicted to perks long after your career. This is what I will say though. The NFL will help you if you want to get hit. Mm. If you don't want to get helped they ain't stu your ass. They don't even give a, they don't. Damn You was talking about beating the urine test. Yeah. Killed you. Giving out some of the exclusive to people out there. The Secret. Well so now you see everybody talking about, well I never even, how in the hell lil lil bitty me come up with a conversation? I was sitting in in the studio with Dion before I did his show and I'm like, hey Pop. He was like, man you get over everything but that weed, huh? Said And I was just sitting there thinking, I was like, oh so let me really, I can tell him now I don't play no more.


You know what Emini here And I was just sitting there right here like how, how we sitting before I went and did the show And I was like, you know I never used my own pitch. He like, yeah I know that how you know. He's like, well you was smoking the whole time, Ain't never tried to hide it. Huh? He's like, bro, you been smoking the whole time. And I was like, oh okay. And I sat there And I thought about it for a second And I was like, you know what, let me tell these people like, And I can really tell everything 'cause I ain't want to give everything away. It's just so funny how trends set. And Tom, I said, everybody else said, oh yeah, we did the same thing. Same thing. I heard a lot of good stories though over this last week of how different people did it.


I made me wonder how much did the FL even care if it's so easy to beat? I Thought they would follow you into the stall to make sure that you all using your own urine. Yeah, they do bro. I, I tell you like this, if a go to jail, he can find out how to light a match. Right? Alright. Just think about it like that. All right. If I'm finna be getting drug tested for 14 years already for what, three years in college? Like it don't take a rocket scientist to figure this out, but like, all right, I know the piss gotta be warm first and foremost. I know the cups that they're using. I already Googled them. Boom, I don order these Already. You get what I'm saying? So I would take the cup. I would already have my piss like in the cup, go to the st steam room, make sure the mother hot.


You know what Emini here because that's the first thing that they check temperature on the temperature. So if the piss cold, it's a bad day. Mm. But like I had it down to a T bro. Like I would go warm my piss up, boom. Always wear words like jogging pants. I would let him see me piss. I want him to see me pissed. You get what I'm saying? But I got some right here for his ass though. You get what I'm saying? So on the way back, it's just a quick flip. Like boom boom. By the time we already there, I'm already there with the other cup. I made a lot of money to him. What? Selling piss? No. Helping people pass piss test. So why you giving the game away for free now? You can still No, I'm saying like, I ain't giving y'all everything. I ain't telling. They know, they know.


Anybody get caught man. Just imagine how many mother got suspended for weed? Like during our time. Like I played from 2005. I was the first player pick. I retired. And 19, it's a long mother time to pass the pit. You wanna tell me why I used to charge you? What? What you charge? What you charge? How much you think I charge? 35. 35. 35. They paid what? Next day in locker? 35,000. What? Who, who? That's six of baby. Who, who has reached out to you from the league? Anybody else reach out to you from the league after this revelation? Anybody say Something like, as far as me Like right now, like we're all, because you've been in the media like before now talking about this. How many people recently called you Like yo?


Yeah. Like yo, put me on like, What's up? I'll say like three players. Three. Okay. Like that's playing right now. But did anybody get caught outta my crew? Yes. No, nobody. I'm undefeated, bro. Oh wow. Have the policies changed? The policies did change, right? They they, they got a little lighter didn't it? It's a little lighter. It's the same though. It's like, I think what 10% now? It used to be 15%. Yeah. I think if, if you don't smoke walking in right now, you should be good. That didn't fail. Especially if you live in a state that's got it. Legal, recreational. And I don know, you know how that is. It's a private entity. I can't wait to hear what you gonna be talking about on politely wrong. This is crazy. Oh yeah. You, you doing political stuff too? 'cause you, you a Trump supporter, right? Yes I am. Okay. And I don't give a who don't like it? Like my opinion, my opinion.


Who I like I was somewhere two weeks ago and the dude said, man, I seen you with that Trump hat on. I said, okay, what, what, what is your problem? And he just went in on me like he, he ain't trying to take away social security. I said okay. Oh that's cool. You done yet. My opinion is my opinion as far as business wise. I agree with Trump. I got paper and all my folks that, that was in the hood, they good. You got the economy get up, you know they gonna get up. I don't know. You don't think so? Well well the last two motherfuckers ain't did for you. It was down when they was in this motherfucker. Listen, I don't, I think, I don't believe in none of 'em, but you know, I just think it's gonna get back up. I don't know. I think so. Only reason I say that is 'cause we have 11 recessions in this country.


10 of 'em have been led by Republicans and the economy does do better when they're a Democrat trade. Not, I was in that last time though. Hell yeah. We was right there to recession. The only thing that stopped the recession was covid. No, don't thing start recession. Was Trump getting checked? Covid? He gave the check up. Covid? Yeah, but I don't, COVID was planned. You see they goddamn getting rid of his ass, huh? Oh, COVID. No, the, the, the mothers fauci. Yeah. Oh no. Oh, you don't wanna talk about that. No, I know Emini here. I know Emini here. I don't know if they rid of, so you don't think Fauci put Covid like No. Dropped this in here. How you think Covid got hurt? It leaked from a, a lab in China. Man. Leaked from Mother Fauci. Yeah, I could have And I could have, have been a How fauci get all that money from that? Could have been a, could it have been a biological warfare?


Yes, but it came from a lab in China. The Wuhan lab. It came from Fauci. You think? Well he was in the crib. Hey bro. He up a lot of money off that bro. Is the Covid test really real? I'm just asking y'all. I don't know what real no more about, man, we, I ain't even gonna lie to you. We supposed to. Oh no. Like I still like got like six home tests And I swear to God the other day, this is no bull this four months ago when they was talking about all this was coming back. I'm like, you know, I'm just gonna take one of these motherfuckers to see if I got Covid. Surely is come back positive. I'm like, I'm not even coughing right Now. When did you do that? This was like three months ago. Oh Cool. Just say, come on. When did you quit? Why you had to come up and because some, you could be asymptomatic, but No.


Even during, even during Covid, people tested positive and didn't, didn't have symptoms. Yeah, bro. Yeah. So you didn't fi you didn't figure out a way to beat the Covid test. You could've really made some money with that. I did. We would've made killing with that right now. Alright. We got more with Pacman Jones when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club Gaon Morning. Everybody's DJ J Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Pacman Jones. Jess, you being a Trump supporter. Cool. But do you agree with all of his policies? No, I don't. Okay. I I I agree that women should have their own rights. I agree with all that. I think some things that Trump say, and like me being where I'm at right now, I understand how people can take twist.


And when I say take twist, I'm talking about a, B, C news. Cb CBS, all that is, I hate to say it, but like it's kind of corrupt. And I've had a chance to be on the other end. Like I was on ESPN for 60 days when I was around going crazy, acting the fool. Like I wouldn't even allow nobody to even look at ES, ESPN in my house. Like it, it was like a rule, but like, it was crazy. Like certain things. Now some of it was, was true, but a lot of stuff they took and just made they own twists on it. And just to sell papers or just to be in the headlines. And I understand that part. 'cause I know how to get clip break. I know what to say. I know what to ask you. I know what to ask you that's gonna say, all right, everybody gonna follow this.


Right. So I understand what they doing to a certain extent. Some of the I can agree with, but like I just don't believe in tearing a person down that I know is not true. That's what I'm saying. You are, you'll see a headline that, oh, PAC just beat these folks ass, da da da da. But it didn't even say, oh yeah, well he was approached by da da da da da. You know what, Emini here and like, it's, it is a gift and a curse I guess. But that's the one thing I hate, I hate about the media nowadays. You don't know who performing and who being authentic no more. Yeah. Because of exactly what you just said. People will say things just to get, 'cause they know it'll make a headline. Yeah. A lot of people doing that. Even I don I ain't throwing nobody up on the bus. But like when you start talking about your on the show and talking about like you having sex, and that's what I'm saying, like why would you even say that?


Only reason you'll say that is because, alright, somebody's gonna clip this in about, oh, oh, he got six pills or some shit like that. I ain't saying no names, but y'all know what I'm, I'm I'm trying to get in the circle, but like certain things I don know they saw I guess for anything though. Damn. But what if that really happened to you though? If you, like I you talking about when Ojo single was talking about getting the surgery on his penis? Yeah, the penis surgery. I wasn't talking about Chad. Chad my boy. I was talking about, I was talking about that. There's a lot of people talking about their that that that circle though. Yeah, it was, it was you, you caught it, but you ain't Oh you, okay, there you go. You caught it, but you ain't catch it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I just, I don't know like certain things like what do you get out of telling somebody about what you're doing sexually?


Hmm. Depends what the topic is. I, I don't know the context. Well, tell me what you mean. I'm asking you a question. You said it depends on the context. Oh yeah. It depends on the topic. On on on the topic. I don why would you tell me about what, who you Emini here, what your look like. Do you think I know that Pause. I got reason to be telling you what my look like. Alright. That's my point. Yeah, yeah. Oh nah, come on. So you think, you think that Shannon sharp up the whole live thing you think was all Kaha ain't doing all that? They funny. Okay. You think you think that video was real? Oh no, I I told him he knew he was gonna lie. No, I'm asking you a question. Oh, do I think it was real? She was trying to run around the question. I'm not running around. I'm telling you.


I know he knew he was on lie. I'm asking you. No, no. I'm not asking you about the lie part. See you missing it again. I'm not missing it. What about no nigga, I'm asked you do you think that video was real? See I don Well lemme ask a better question. Would reason would he have to fake it? I don't think he was fake. I don what reason, what reason would he have to fake it? I don what would he be trying, what would he be trying to prove? I don't, yeah, I don't think it was fake. I think that he knew he y all know the rumor man. The man been walking around with the little dogs and everything, man. Tight hands. Oh my God, y'all. If y'all, if y'all really think, if y'all think now y'all smarter than me, man, don't do.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the new Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Mber 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst. As he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew of obviously. Mm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall. Hi, I'm Tia Skar. I'm Taylor Gray. And I'm John Lee Brody. But You may also know us as Harrison Doula Specter two Sabine Renz Specter five and Ezra Bridger Spector six from Star Wars Rebels. Wait, I wasn't on Star Wars Rebels, am I in the right place? Absolutely. Each week we're going to rewatch and discuss an episode from the series And share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jelle and many others. Sometimes we'll even have a lively debate and We'll have plenty of other fun surprises and trivia to Oh and Me.


Well, I'm the lucky Ghost crew Stowaway who gets to help moderate and guide the discussion each week. Kind of like how Kaan guided Ezra in the ways of the force. You see what I did there? Nicely done John. Thanks Tia. So hang on 'cause it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue The music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. Leave the Gun. Take The Cannoli is based on my cohost Mark's bestselling book of the same title. And on this show we call upon his years of research to help unpack the story behind the godfather's birth from start to finish. This Is really the first interview I've done in bed. We sift through innumerable accounts. I See three, five pages isn't Very much, many of them conflicting. That's Nonsense. There were 60 pages And try to get to the truth of what really happened. And They said we're finished. This is over. Literally not gonna work. You dare get rid of those guys. This is That. Leave the Gun, take the cannoli features, new and archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes. That was the Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


That shade man, bro, I love them. But like, come on, let's, let's call a, a fade of faith. Come on bro. Don't do that bro. Don't do that. Do not, don't call Michelle Fade. Fake. Fake. I'm saying Jesus Christ coulda because we never seen her. So we not like the fullest Gump. Like the Fullest Gump. Jesus Christ. What are we talking about? Come on bro. That that to me. That was funny. You need to go on nightcap. I'm going to see you on nightcap. I've been on that show before. But you ain't going back. Not on. That's crazy. No, I they have, they will have me back 'cause I, they know what's up with me like I am.


I don't hide and nobody and then, then they gonna but they gonna go viral. I'm gonna tell what I'm telling you. Yeah. I'm gonna tell him on his own show. Hey, so with that said, do you think the NFL should get rid of the tush push? Yes. Damn. I do though. Why? The tush push is just like they, they talking about concussions and like that's immediate impact. Like you, like you getting hit in the top of your head. They all the way down. Hey, even at a short distance like that. Yes. That still hurt. Like let me, you run, let head but your ass lemme head but your ass, you see which one of us have a concussion but the took push is like inches bro. But you gotta realize like that's, it's, it's different. Like I, me personally I think should be bad.


Wow. What's name Jason Said was the most difficult thing he had to do in the league? Huh? Jason Kel said he was one, one of the most difficult things he had to do in the league. Yeah. 'cause he started, they started that shout out to Kelsey that he a good dude. I used to chirp his ass every game. Oh, punk ass. Let's go talking to you Kel. Oh, I thought you said he was saying that to you. I like God dang. Nah, I probably would smash. I was a, me and him have a really good story from like pre-game. 'cause I was like mentally I was trying to see like, who can I with. That's always been like a part of my game as far as football wise. Like I, I'm a big chi And I don't think I've played against nobody that I haven't chirped. Like all my friends.


My, my cousin Rashad Jones played with the Dolphins, never talked to him before a game when I played against him. I'm on demon time and I've always been like that. But like Kelsey, Kelsey, he, he talk a lot of shit to me. But we had a good little pre-game. What happened? What happened to you after the Jin Paul fight with Tyson? You got arrested. What happened? Some racist ass Mexicans. Racist Mexicans? Yeah. Dang. And I ain't even smack him. I still got locked up. That was the bad part about it. So I'm at the Lowe's hotel, which Jerry Jones owned of course. Which I'm stand up on the, so we, it was after the fight we had the hotel, we in the lobby and, and I backed into like I was, I'm standing at the bar And I backed up like this And I kind of like, it was a lady and two dudes.


I was like, damn my bad. And the dude was just, he just, he just went off, went off. So he just kept going chirp chirp chi. And then, and then like, it just got to a point where I forgot like they locked me up for like some bullshit. But it is all getting held. Was he Going off in his language? Like what? No, This you can see it in the video. No, he was talking in English. Mm. For you two understand. Yeah. For me to understand. Yeah. Like and like everybody know what I'm on bro. Like, one thing I do not tolerate though is nothing racist. I went to West Virginia, 90% of my friends are white And I hate to say it. Damn at, at what point do you say to yourself like, you know what? I gotta back outta these situations 'cause of who I am.


Alright bro, you can't just go on everything though. Pac, I'm Malcolm X bro. I'm not Martin Luther King. That's the best way for me to put it for you ain't playing terms. So respect. Gotta be You won't respect it all the times. I get you. Yeah. I've never been nowhere. And they were like, man, this is so rude. He don't know how to treat people. Never had that situation in my whole entire life. Like I love hard And I hate hard. Like it's hard for me to explain like mentally like how I move around every day. But like, either it is, it's, it's on and an off switch. It's either I fuck with you or I love you or I don't You Pacman you a good dude. You a crazy mother, but you a good dude. Oh good. Most crazy mother out. Who else? Crazy. Who, who are you considering? Crazy. You said I'm crazy. I think I'm pretty smart, but I I I'll take the crazy.


You be crazy and smart. Yeah. Who else do you consider crazy? I have many Like YouTu Michael Jackson. Yeah. Well ladies and gentlemen, it's Pacman Jones. Listen to his podcast. That's right. Yes. Better line. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hey Ma. What's happening? What's up? Who's the Pacman Jones for pulling up? Man, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. I wanna salute to Don Staley. Okay. You see what I'm holding in my hand right now? Yes. Is that her book? This is her new book, uncommon Favor Basketball North Philly. My Mother and the life lessons I learned from all three drop on the Clues bars for Don Staley. Can I get that to read it? Yes you can. Thank you. This will be out May 20th via Black publishing. My, my, my book in print with Simon and Schuster.


And it it's available for pre-order right now. I know Don, I know Don got a lot of things going on right now because the NCAA women's basketball tournament is about to start. But her book will be out May 20th. If you are a Don Stanley fan, you should go pre-order this right now. You see me holding it in my hand? I see You. Maybe What you got over there? I'm I'm holding my book in my hand. Okay. I like the book flexes that's happening in here. Yes. Real life real family. I'm actually being honored by Hampton University salute to my very own HBCU Hampton University. They're doing their 43rd annual black family conference and we're being honored tomorrow. Me and my wife. So we're heading down to Hampton University and we're just gonna talk About are they go to A-H-D-C-U historically Dominican College University. Shut up. So they are, they have those. No they don't. I don't know. But yes, HBCU Hampton University is honoring me tomorrow.


And we could just talk about our family. We have six kids and how we raised our, our oldest is 23. Our youngest. Is He not Dominican? Huh? Okay. Just talk about the Raising our family. And our book comes out April 15th. So you could pre-order, you know, real life, real love did exceptionally well. So I appreciate you guys. And this is the second installment, so definitely pre-order. Lemme see That cover. It's a dope cover. I ain't know you had the whole family on the cover. Say Something Ate. I remember you dropped these online. This book need to be defaulted. That's what I'm, yo man, let's get to the latest. My book back man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the the latest with la Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details.


Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. What, what's the latest? Me and my wife got four kids. But this, this looks like Wu-Tang clan. This looks like the a de talking About the cover of Envy's new book. I'm Like, how many people on that cover? Real like it never Stops. You know, envy got six kids and they all dress alike. Yes. All The time. So that's what Charlemagne is talking about. For the listeners who don't see the book. Now getting into the, you about to show us something in the book. I thought you had some news coming out the book, get into the latest. This is a left turn, Jonathan Majors. So yesterday my man Jonathan Majors had just started getting back into graces and working again and boom, there's a audio that released of Jonathan Majors.


This audio released by Roland Stone is a, is a audio of him allegedly admitting to putting his hands on his ex-girlfriend, grace Jabari admitted to admitting to choking his ex-girlfriend Grace Jabari. Let's take a listen to this audio. I'm ashamed. I've never, I've never gone out, I've never, I've never wrestled with a woman before. Again. It's just, I've I address you like you Stranded me personally against The car. All those things are under address. Yeah, yeah. You know, like that's never happened to me. So I'm I, because I said something sarcastically. If in your Answer clearly it's more than that. Yeah. Clearly that something inside of you.


Yeah. Towards you. Yeah. So in I, what did I hear? Okay, so you heard him say that he's ashamed he's never been. This is all per rolling stone. They transcribed it. He's never been aggressive with a woman before. I've never aggressed a woman. I aggressed you. And then you hear the woman who was Grace Jabari say she mentions like being strangled and or being choked and he's like, and, and a couple other things and, and he's like, yeah, that's all a part of Aggressing. So She secretly taped this call. I I I doubt he be, I don't know if he knew he was being recorded, but I doubt this is while they Were together. Yes. This is while they were together. So this audio's actually from 2022. Apparently this was after like a big blowout that they had in London when they were still together.


And they were talking about like the aftermath of the blowout. So this is an older audio. All of the outlets that I read this from said that they had reached out to Jonathan Majors rep for comment and hadn't heard back yet. I personally did not reach out myself. But last week he just did his first big major interview since all of this stuff. He, he sat down and talked about like, you know, his own domestic violence, the domestic, his domestic violence convention, but conviction but also like sexual assault and things that he went through in his life. And I thought finally he was starting to be able to like come back around and then boom, this drops. Why can't he still come back around though? Everybody deserves redemption. That man's not perfect. Nor is he ever claiming to be, I'm not reducing anybody to their worst moment.


Well I hope there are a lot of other people who think like you And then he get charged and everything for the assault don't matter. They doing that. Yeah. So yeah. So the charges that he received for this, he was ac so he was acquitted. So he was convicted of assault and harassment and a verdict of that happened in March, 2023 after the fight. But he was acquitted of two other counts of assault and a aggravated harassment. And he didn't go to jail as we know. 'cause he's still here and he's working now. But he was sentenced to probation and he was ordered to complete a 52 week domestic violence intervention program. Yeah. So Listen, if you are willing to do the work to be a better human, it's not about what other people think. That's between you and God. And if he continues in the industry, which he will because his movie magazine Dream comes out next week.


That's what Emini here. He got back, he's working now, he's back, he's doing, you know what I'm saying? So y'all feel like, 'cause he's working now, they just wanna throw some more a smear campaign on him. 'cause This, I don't know where this came from. I Emini here. I Don't know anything about that. All I know is that if you want support his work, you will. If you don't wanna support his work because of what you're hearing, you won't. And it's really just that simple. But as far as him, everybody deserves redemption. That man's not perfect. He's never claimed to be perfect. And I'm not reducing nobody to their worst moment. Hmm. Speaking of blowout. Yo, you right Jess. Yes. No you didn't. I've been Juicing. You just blew up the bathroom all day. Yes. You heard about it. I've been juicing And I can't juice this early because I didn't know like I know juice, like beet juice and all that, kale and all that stuff.


Like it's a detox. But like I didn't realize that it goes through you that quick. Oh, so you drank beet juice. So you scared yourself just now when you went to the bathroom. Literally Like, what is that? I'm like, yo, what is going on? Oh my God. Because then the be Like Chris have too much fun Is red. Like it is really red. So it colors your what? What so it, I missed it too. Oh my god. Yo. But juicing is very healthy, but yo, it goes through you. So definitely How Fast did it Go through you? What? I drunk it at six o'clock this morning. You need a big wipe. It's not even eight o'clock. Yeah, I got wipes, thank God. But I'm like, yo, this is crazy random observation. I didn't drinking bee juice. Same. You're fighting In that bathroom. Like random observation. Like how did I get here?


Like oh my gosh. Yeah. We glad you made it through everybody just making it through This hour. Thank Yes. That's what we trying to do. Yo, please. Y'all gotta grow up. All right. You gotta grow up. We can't be, please grow up. Hell. Well I was gonna say speaking of, but this is not speaking of what? No, Nothing. See if you had a blood to talk about right now, that'd been perfect. Anybody in the industry? That's a blood. Where Does K? Oh my god. No. Kendrick's not a part of any of those right? Ist. He he Pru right? Something like that. Is that Segway? Okay. Yes. So speaking of real quick, there we go. There Was a, there was a motion filed yesterday by a universal music group in the Drake Kendrick situation. And they are I think Charlemagne, I think you wrote this motion. Oh you should, You should hold that one. Okay, let's talk about that next time.


As soon he started drinking, he said I need more. No, when I, y'all, when I read this motion I'm like, is charlamagne friends with the attorney or something? Because word for word. They been saying what you was saying a word. Listen, we gonna talk about it. The attorney, somebody. Oh word for word. They've been saying what you've been saying this most. It's crazy. We gonna talk about it. Alright. You look like you dating the blood, the all that's the latest with Lauren. Who you giving your dog to villain over there. Listen, We need a woman named Kristen Ann Middle stat to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with her please. Alright, We'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Craziest people in America.


I already got Bronx trouble. Dang. It's time for donkey. We in the y'all in the craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all. Why Does the Sunshine State consistently produce Such strange news? If I catch all As in traffic a whisper Y'all it just one of be many Wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Oh man. Yes, donkey today for Tuesday, March 18th goes to Kristen and middle stat. Kristen is 35 years old and she hails from the great state of Florida Ladies and Gman.


What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. I was always taught that insanity is doing the same things over and over and expecting different results. And when it comes to drug use and how drug use is criminalized, that line applies. I'll explain in a minute. See, Kristen was recently arrested after committing two of the exact same crimes she was previously accused of and out on bond for I repeat. Kristen was recently arrested for committing two of the exact same crimes she was previously accused of and out on bond for. Kristen was already out on bond for fleeing to allude and knowingly driving while her license was suspended, revoked.


And she just got arrested again for fleeing to allude and knowingly driving while her license was suspended are revoked. Now let me talk to y'all about drug use and the criminalization of drug use. Okay? Drug use is an addict. Addiction, it's a disease. And the reason folks don't get cured is because the sickness, the disease is criminalized. Kristen is a meth addict. Okay? Full stop. She doesn't need to go to jail for being on meth. She needs to go to rehab. Okay? If you keep sending Kristen to jail because she has a drug problem, how would she ever get clean? I would rather taxpayer dollars go to getting people help as opposed to getting them locked up. So when I say insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results and regardless of drug use, I can't help it.


I'm sick, I'm addicted, I can't help myself. But yet I keep making the same mistakes over and over. I need to stop this insanity and get some help. But it's up to us who know better, who aren't sick, who don't have this disease called drug addiction to help. Okay? It's up to us to help those who aren't in a position to help themselves. See, if we keep sending people like Kristen to jail for drug use, then we are the insane ones because we not even trying to fix the problem. Now that has nothing to do with why she's getting donkey today. See, getting arrested repeatedly for drug use. I understand you addicted, I get it. But you knew your license was suspended or revoked. Okay? You knew you were out on bond for having a suspended license. You know you not supposed to flee from cops because you have already been arrested for fleeing from cops.


You out on bond for fleeing from cops and you decided to do it again. Anyway, Kristen spoke and she said she fled from law enforcement because she did not want to go back to jail for her revoked driver's license. Hey Kristen, I am not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I the purest meth on the market. But here's an idea. If you don't want to go to jail for driving with a revoked driver's license, how about simply don't drive? Not a tough concept. Right? Kristen also admitted that she had smoked meth earlier that day. That's a tough habit to break. But driving when you know your license is revoked, that's a choice. Okay? Smoking meth is a choice too, but it's a choice that's outta your control because you are addicted.


But driving with a revoked license after being out on bond for driving with a revoked license, that's a choice. You ain't even gotta do that. Okay? I seen plenty of drug addicts riding in the passenger side of their best friend's ride. Okay? Kristen, your driver's license has been revoked since 2009. Okay? Like you're not even trying at this point. Okay? You've been riding dirty for so long that you forgot what clean looked like. Hey, maybe she's born with it. Maybe it's the meth, I don't know. But what I do know is that we need Kathy Griffin to give Kristen and middles the biggest hee-haw. Please Give this giant jar of mayo the biggest. He haw You can't be out on bond for a crime and then commit the same crime that you out on bond for.


No crazy. All right, well thank you for that Donkey of the Day. Now I wanna open up the phone lines eight hundred five eight five one oh five. One hour cameraman and one of our producers, Nick. Nick, come here. I'm gonna hold the camera while you talk. Come here. Oh boy. You gonna switch it up? I'm gonna switch it up. Hold the camera. Go. Now he turned. Turn Nick's mic on. Now Nick wanted to do something special for his girl and gave her a shopping spree. Yes. Oh Shoot. They paying big money. They paying big money up Here. Yeah, the camera man money. But Nick did a little something a little different to explain. Nick is white. Yes. So explain. Explain what happened, Nick. Okay, so I just wanna know if I'm crazy, right? We go for the shopping spree. I give her the credit card. I said, okay, you have this much money to spend.


Yeah, but you gave her a limit of what she spent. I gave her a limit. Yeah. Okay. I gave her the whole credit card. That's just your girl period. Well, Yeah. You know we've been together for about three years, a role. Things are getting serious. So yeah, I gave her the card And I said, you know, go crazy. So we go from this store to that store. She's like, all right, a hundred here, a hundred there. End of the day comes and she's like, I have $80 leftover. I would like to spend this on, you know, something on Amazon we need later. And you told her And I said, no, No. That's not how this works. Oh, it Doesn't mean that's not how this works. Emini here talk that like it's a shopping spree. You, you gotta spend the whole money, the whole allotted money by the end of the day or else that's it. You gave a 20 $80 for a shopping spree, First of all, A little more than that.


80. There was A couple of stores that we went to. Okay. Okay. So yeah, she had a little bit leftover. Am I crazy to say that? That's it. Nah, you gimme me the change back by the end of the night. That's right. That's what it is. I gave you a limit and a time and a time and you still ain't spent all that in that time. So now gimme my 80. You were in a whole Long go crazy. Nah, but the mall closed. So now I could use Amazon more closed so I could use that. The last bit of money on Amazon. No, no, no, no. That's not how they go. What you mean? You gave me a living. Go crazy in the mall. This a shop in Spree. Go crazy. There are A hundred stores in a Mall. You got to the end of the day. And then the mall that they went to, she should have spent all that money there. Okay, can I say the mall? Sure. American Dream. But this is the thing. Who are you talking about?


But this is the thing. It's nothing on Amazon. That's not American Dream. She a smart, she's a smart shopper. She coulda went and just balled out. But she said, I wanna get discounts and this, that and the other. So she's trying to save money and try to make that money last a little longer. So she said, I'll get the rest in Amazon instead of wasting your money on bs. You changing the rules. Changing the rules. Go crazy. The mall means go crazy in the mall. Whatever you got by the end, gimme my change. Thank you. And then you gotta wait till the other shop is be rolled around next year. So what Happened, Nick? How did it end? Did you get your change back? I got my change back. Oh you dirty. You're crazy. That can only happen in the white relationship though, because I'm not ever giving no change back. But I understand over there things are different. Let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051.


Nick took his girl on a shopping spree. Gave her a budget. She didn't reach that budget. I love it. And she said, I wanna use the lap the rest later on tonight at Amazon. Nick said Uhuh, no way. It's not happening. Gimme that change in the mall. Charlamagne, you are so ugly. Is that in the mall? Let's talk about it. 805. 8 5 1 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Pull out. Pull out your phone. Call in right now. You call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us. We were talking about Nick, our camera guy and producer. He has a girlfriend. And over the weekend he said, Hey babe, I'm gonna take you on a shopping spree. They went on a shopping spree at the end of the day, she still had money left. Well, Nick said, well, the shopping spree is over. I need my change. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Should he let her keep the change? Yes. He should let her keep the Change. I think so too. Yes. 'cause it's not about the shopping spree, it's just about, yo, I gave you this set amount of money And I told you to go do your thing. So if you shopped over here and then she wanted to take the rest of the money, which Nick said and shop somewhere else, which was Amazon.


Who Cares? Yeah, I I'm with you. Okay. And that mall is big. Getting around that mall is difficult. Well, and if she wants to save some money, 'cause he says she's a smart shopper. That's the risk you take when you go into a mall that big. And I think it was cute And I think it's fun. You know what, Emini here, you only got this amount of time to spend this bread. You don't spend it, you give it back. 'cause this was a bonus nine times outta 10 that, that was a bonus that he gave to her. Give him $80. You know what that means? Next time you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go to one store, I'm gonna buy everything. The next day I'm gonna return it so I can get the money and then, and then take my time with it. She's Actually very trustworthy too though, because she didn't even have to tell him that she had change leftover. Yeah, she Didn't. Well she, it was his debit card. That's how he know. Oh, I asked the same thing. I like she told you. Oh, so he, oh, I thought he had gave her cash. No, it was the debit.


It was a car. Okay. Okay. So she can only use so much money. So then at the end of the day, he took the debit card back. Oh. Oh. So nah, that's even better. There ain't no change. Just gimme my come back. Ain't no change. That's it. That's it. Hello? Who's this? Hey Man, this is re Red. What's up man? What's your thoughts? My thoughts is first and most on the show, but he ain't wrong. I have got my goddamn change back too. That's right. All right, bro, you, I don't think y'all understand the definition of shopping spree. Well Nick said shopping spree, meaning you only had one day to do it. He had it with rules when that mall closed, that means it was over. He gave her rules. But if I wanna go shop, did y'all, did they talk about the fact, okay, what if I wanna go shop on Amazon later? Did he say you can only spend the money here at American Dream Mall?


Yes, he did. At the mall. He told her like, this is what we doing. I'm, I'm then this this ain't something that she asked for. He just surprised she gave it. You know what, Emini here. Hello? Who's this? Jay? Hey Jay, what's your, what's your opinion? What's your thoughts? Jay sound on mad already. I don't think he was petty. I agree because It's $80 Emini here. He wasn't trying to get none or something. I I don't get it. That's his girl for three years. So he wasn't trying to get none. That's that's his bay. Yeah, But didn't she say she was trying to get something for them, something For the house and everything? Yeah, but he, he wanted it to be just for her. Like, nah, he, he got, he already got the house. So at this point, don't worry about the house. Worry about you. And when the mall closed car, It's $80.


So what? $80? What $80 is to you may not be $80, you know, to the same person. It may be different. It may be worth it. He Said he making cameraman money. He was proud to spend his money. I just felt like Emini here, it was petty to not spend the rest of The World. $80 money. Now you what? I tell You, I hope Nick's girlfriend, What I tell you when they black is different. I hope Nick's girlfriend remembers that lady and be's petty and doesn't tell completion. Get him right there. Be like, nope, I'm gonna leave a little Change. Leave a little, keep Your change. Okay. I'm 80% done. Y'all are so nuts. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name? Mama Shanae. Hey Shanae, what's your thoughts? What change?


Oh, you what? Change. There's no change. I'm, I'm saying if you gave me the money, you put it in my hand. So what changed? It wa it wasn't no cash, it was his card, his debit card. Giving card money at Card. Money is money. Plastic money is money. Right. So You put it under my hand. So when you, matter of fact, don't even worry about it. I'm gonna go ahead and transfer that before I give you back the card. How about that? See that's why Where you from? Y see that's what I'm saying. That's why you got break out with them. I to Brooklyn. Where you from? I live in Charleston, but I was born in Brooklyn. I can Oh, you live in Charleston, South Carolina. 8, 4, 3. You Know that I'm on my way to work right now. You trying to get over on my Geechee Bre down there, huh? No, I don't need to get over because if you put it in my hand, that's my money.


That's, that's my Money. All that transferring though. That's it. She scammed before. She didn't did that before. Oh. Oh, you hiding in South Carolina, that's what you're doing. That's right. There's no witness protection out here. I, I'm not, you know, I wanna go to Arizona one day. Maybe. I don't know. Can I have your first and last name please? No, don't do. Can I have your first and last name? I'm calling Ice Shana. Last initial is CC Okay. I'm calling Ice. That's all you gonna get. Yep. They gonna deploy right back. Ice your As. Gimme my my knee. 805.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagine kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv iHeartPodcasts An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst. As he unravel the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew of, obviously. Hmm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This is Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli is based on my cohost Mark's bestselling book of the same title. And on this show we call upon his years of research to help unpack the story behind the godfather's birth from start to finish. This Is really the first interview I've done in bed. We sift through innumerable accounts. I said Three, five pages Isn't very much. Many of them conflicting. That's Nonsense. There were 60 pages And try to get to the truth of what really happened. And they Said, we're finished. This is over. It literally not gonna work. You gotta get rid of those guys. This is that. Leave the Gun. Take the cannoli features. New and archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, that was a real horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun. Take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I started to live a double life when I was a teenager. Responsible and driven and wild and out of control. My head is pounding. I'm confused. I don't know why I'm in jail. It's hard to understand what hope is when you're trapped in a cycle of addiction. Addiction took me to the darkest places. I had an AK 47 pointed at my head. But one night a new door opened And I made it into the rooms of recovery. The path would have roadblocks and detours, stalls and relapses. But when I was feeling the most lost, I found hope with community And I made my way back this season, join me on my journey through addiction and recovery. A story told in 12 Steps, listened to REMS as part of the Michael Luda podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


8 5 1 0 5. When we were talking about Nick, our camera and producer, our camera guy and producer, he was talking about this weekend. He gave his girlfriend a shopping spree, gave us some money. She didn't spend all the money and he said, I need my change back. Is that foul? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


If you're just joining us, Nick, our camera guy and producer, he was talking about a shopping spree that he gave to his girl. Let's, let's go back to what he said earlier. We go for the shopping spree. Okay. I gave her the credit card. I said, okay, you have this much money to spend. You, You gave her a limit of what she just spent. I gave her a li Yeah, I Gave her the whole credit card. That's just your girl period. Well, Yeah, you know, together for about three years. So yeah, I gave her the card And I said, you know, go crazies end of the day comes and she's like, I have $80 leftover. I would like to spend this on, you know, something on Amazon we need later. And you told her And I said, No, no, that's not how this works. Doesn't Mean that's not how this works. Emini Here talk that is Nick. Like it's a shopping spree. You, you gotta spend the whole money, the whole allotted money by the end of the day or else that's it.


So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 was Nick Foul for keeping the change and we got a resident to The Breakfast Club. Mellow on the line. Mellow. What up, Yo, what's the vibe? Envy. You know the word. What's up Melo? What's your thoughts? I'm not gonna hold you. Give me my change period. Give me my change. Because there ain't no way, like in the history of have anybody ever gave you all this free bread? You feel me? Especially during this economy. You want to sit there, talk about you want to keep my change period. Like What? Hold on. She didn't say she wanted to keep it. She had another plan. And her plan was to continue shopping on Amazon. Correct. Okay. Why couldn't you First off, like, I agree with Jess.


I've been to American Dream like respectfully, like American Dream got more stuff in it than Heaven do. Like they ain't no way in hell you couldn't find what you need in American Dream. I'm not jacking it. Right. So You been to heaven and hell, you been to heaven and hell mellow. You said that the mall got more than heaven do and then you said there's no way in hell. Mm. So you been to both? Yeah. I'm not gonna hold you. Try to get my change back. Been through heaven and hell through thick And I'm That through heaven and hell. Thick and thin. He's stupid. Hello? Who's this? This G. G. What's your thoughts G? Man, I think he dead wrong in this one man. Mm. Yeah, it's like if you get a bonus or an allowance to any kind, you don't spend it on what you supposed to spend on, you still got change.


So what's the difference? What You mean Expound? Like as far as, okay, if you get an allowance from somebody and you go, you have to, you say you got a certain time you gotta spend it on or something like that and you don't spend it, you gotta get that back. Emini here. I agree with Jess. Now it's only happening in the white relationship. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. For sure. Alright, thank you GI got you. But I don't think it's, I don't think it's right to get to get change back. Okay. Okay. Hello? Who's this It? Sonya from Detroit. Hey Sonya, you from Detroit. You money back. How you, you not giving no money back? It would've been spent, but he mad corny for that because that's your girlfriend. Three years. She said she was gonna buy something from Amazon for y'all.


That's right. Come on man. That's mad corny. And then don't get no shoppers free with some limits. Man, you, you might not be on baller status. Damn. Damn. So you can't even just appreciate that I I took you to American Dream, which is I dream something. An amusement park mall bitch. Damn. Just buy something. No, don't gimme a free with limits. That's corny. When the last time somebody bought you a shopping, SP Mama Never. But it don't matter. I'm just, It gonna be no limits. But there, there should be limits though. You know what I'm saying? I don't care how rich you are. There should be limits. Gotta be I guess, I guess. But then to, but then to Reneg and take it back. Emini here, the $80, it wasn't even like a thousand.


This 80. Now Re nigga is telling you, take all that shit Emini here, you know, go take everything back to Doing. Right, right, right. What Emini here, take them all back. But the $80, that's like, that's not even some shoes Where you be shopping at. That's not even some shoes. Whatcha shopping at? I'm just saying $80. What can, what can she, what Can she feet? Nah, it's some shoes y'all. What's the moral of the story? If there's a moral I the moral of the story, I would've let her keep it because she had a plan and her plan was to continue to shop ESP Spree on Amazon. You know, let her keep shopping on Amazon. And I bet she feeling a way right now because I know she don't do that to him. She's letting them hit raw. She's fucking him the completion God. Okay. And, and he won't let her spend that last little $80 on them.


Well The moral of the story is they white we black so they not like us. So we can't, you know, really decide for them. You know what, Emini here, Nick's like, gimme that money back and you going to die. He gonna find you in the trunk somewhere. Jesus. What? Excuse me. Jesus. All right. Alright. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. So Universal Music Group is saying that Drake's lawsuit against them is bs. That he's just very bothered and upset that he lost his rap battle against Kendrick Lamar. Seems like they picking a side of me. We gonna talk about it. All right, we'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fish. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She Gets into Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on this. The Lord the latest With Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What Was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. So Universal Music Group has filed a motion to dismiss Drake's lawsuit that they filed, that Drake filed against them because of Kendrick Lamar is not like us. Now this is the lawsuit where he's saying, y'all put all this money behind, not like us. Y'all did all this wrong stuff to make this big.


Its defamation, it hurt me, all that stuff, right? So they opened this lawsuit by saying, instead of accepting the loss, like the unbothered rap artist, he often claims to be, he has sued his own record label in a misguided attempt to salvage his wounds. They point to the fact that Drake was outside too. He encouraged the feud. He participated, he dropped songs. He dropped a song while we were waiting for Kendrick to respond. And I believe that was a Taylor made freestyle. Now they also say Drake has been very pleased to use G's platform to promote tracks. The leveling similar attacks at Kendrick Lamar. Duh. Now when I tease this, yeah, last hour, I said I felt like these attorneys been listening to Charlamagne's Donkey today.


Mm. So what I went and did is I found some of the audio from your donkey of the days that I, I do believe paid. Yo, it's not donkey The other day. Yo, it's Don Donkey. Donkey or From Delaware Donkey. Oh yeah. Yo say donkey, donkey, donkey. I don't say donkey. It's donkey. All right, but go ahead. Okay, so listen to this Charla on Drake using the label tricks, But even with Drake's huge fan base. Don't think for one second whatever the label UMG was doing to promote not like us, they were doing the same thing for you your whole career. Okay? If one of those disc records you put out would've taken off and been a cultural phenomenon, like not like us, the record label would've pushed that too. How would you be clowning Kendrick right now? If Kendrick said, you know, UMG, you didn't have to let Drake put that record out accusing me of beating my lady.


You didn't have to let Drake put that record out saying my child isn't really mine. I'm trying to get you to see why you look like a complete and total sucker. Drake, there was a time when Drake was on the cover of every playlist on the browser page of Spotify. Okay? They did it with Apple two, I think it was called Scorpion season or something like that. And he took over multiple playlists on the same day. All I'm saying ARB is stop acting like you haven't been the beneficiary of record label Triology. I hear a lot of common sense. That's all I heard just Now. Now in this lawsuit, they also directly mentioned that after losing the battle, Drake is now claiming that the psalm is, is this fa defamatory? And they make it clear it is not. Period. Let's take a listen to what they actually point to as def defamatory in their lawsuit from the words of Charlemagne on the Person who has the real defamation case in this situation is Kendrick's woman.


Because Drake not only said Kendrick was beaten on her, he said that Dave free Kendrick's business partner and friend was the real father to one of Kendrick's kids. So if you're gonna accuse somebody of defamation, you must first make sure you two aren't guilty of defamation. Okay? Drake's saying that Kendrick defamed him is indeed the pot calling the kettle beige. But that's not even why I'm giving him Donkey of the Day. Okay? I'm giving him Donkey of the Day because Drake is proving without a shadow of a doubt that he simply doesn't understand culture. I think you're trying to prove that we in cahoots that me in the label, I Don't know what is happening. Sounds like you're On G'S attorney team. Yo, when I read This, I was Like, this sounds so That's what it sounds like. That's the story I'm Going with.


They're like, bro, Boogeyman. Charlemagne. Yes. I'm just back behind the scenes pulling all the strings I believe. Aren't I? I believe him. No, They, they reminding the boy, like, remember you said all of this. First of all, he is Not the boy. That's What they call him. They call Boy. He's a man. He's almost 40. Okay. Okay. You wanna argue about his age too? Continue on Lauren Emini here. That's pretty much all I had. They also make sure that, they mentioned that Drake had signed that petition for Young Thug where artist lyrics shouldn't be used against them in like criminal filings and court filings. And they mentioned that the house that Kendrick used for not like us, that like, you know, Drake was like, he showed my house. They're like, obviously that's a distorted image and that nothing was said as a fact in any of these songs on both sides. That's what dis records are. They're not facts.


They're, you know, you insinuate things, but they're not set as facts. So it's not definition. So they filed a motion. So did, did the judge answer the motion yet, or No? Not yet. This was just filed Monday. It's, it is really just that simple. He's just a so loser. That's it. And it's amazing how fast y'all wanna make everybody a revolutionary. Like, like y'all want Drake to be raging against the machine so bad. Y'all was on podcast sounding all dramatic saying, oh my God, UMG is gonna kill Drake. Y'all so dramatic and dumb. Crazy what you mean by kill Drake. What they was saying about what they mean. That's what They was saying. Like, he's gonna, he gonna end up missing MG was gonna take him out. Yeah. Like, whoa, cut him out, man. Emini Here Drinking party out here right now, selling records, getting radio play, doing what they do.


He's just, no, now that's what I'm saying. Like, I saw something yesterday that was like Nokia's charting at like number six or something with no radio play. Who not playing Nokia? Well give radio all The time. Well, that's the, the mixes. But I think Gimme a hug is like gonna be a number one record, but Nokia's climbing the charts. Yeah, it's a dope record. I actually like Nokia better than gimme a Well, it's two different vibes, but like, yeah. I, I I like that album. It's all right. It's Cool when you start writing legal letters and motions. I didn't do that. It Was so, Mine would've been way better. Oh my God. I I would've had some of that Emini here that would've been in there, but I would've been throwing a lot more different jazz. I'd been like, he's not a revolutionary Red Bo. Okay. He wants to be r beat Graham, Martin Luther King X the so bad.


I would've, mine would've been, I've been, what's wrong With you man? What's Your issue? I know that I'm new here, but when did you start like hating Drake so bad? Revolutionary Red Boone. He was Drake. Why? Gotta be hate. Why can't just be entertained? You Say you're the number one Drake Hater said yes. That's what he Said. I'm a hater of waffle colored Negroes across the globe. Equally. Ask this guy. Nobody ever had remorse for envy. Ain't nobody ever got it worse than this canary colored, my canary color comrade over here. But envy set himself up a lot so that Drake does it. Yeah. No envy got long sleeves on day though. He ain't set himself up today. What's That mean? Long sleeves. His arms. Remember he had what about his arms? What about his arms? Lauren? The video, he had the no arm shirt on. What happened happened?


That was the only time I saw Envy set himself up. Tell Me, how did he set himself Arms? Tell me more. Lauren. When I saw that video, I was like, y'all remember the was like, no, no, no. I was Like, Emmy, why you do that? They was like, why? What you mean? He had no muscle tone Or nothing. Emmy put that came with a G Unit. Wasn't that bad. His Podcast with his wife. My Arms out. I'm comfortable. My, I'm comfortable was comfortable. When overweight people take their shirt off and they jump in the water. Do people say, oh, he is overweight kids, kids Just out here topless. That's when you see a fat man with no shirt.


I be like, I'm putting a shirt on you. I here topless. I normally positive words behind the scenes when I see hate online. I couldn't even say nothing to you. I just had like, he need to see this, but okay, but I don, But anyway, I don't hate Drake. But this is foolishness issue. All of this because you lost a rap battle. Yeah, Well they're asking for it to be dismissed where it cannot be brought up again because they're saying that it is misguided and it has no standing. And his and the attorney Drake attorney is saying that this is just UMG pretending that this is all about a rap battle in order to distract its shareholders, artists, and the public from the simple truth. A greedy company is finally being held responsible for profiting, for dangerous misinformation that has already resulted in multiple acts of violence. I told y'all he was gonna sue months ago though, just because I understand the Arbery And I understand waffle colored Negroes worldwide.


Oh my, So you started the problem and then you Poke the problem. You, You, what did you Say? You started the problem because you encouraged the suit and then the suit dropped and then you called him all types of Red Bull. No, I thought you said something about poking a problem. I'm like, excuse. You did Poke the problem. All right. All right. Thank you. That is the latest with Lauren. Go back to Envy arms though. That was funny. I like that because I remember that better. Stop. I did Stop. Stop. You know I'm shooting at, I just looked and then I, I left you, I told you I got the long sleeves On the deck. Oh my goodness. This is not long sleeves. It's Longer for you. Longer for you. You know what? Send me that picture. 'cause I might find that Video. It's a movement. Oh my goodness.


There Like this. Just Talking. You look like that thing outside the tax people's choice. No, I hate this place man. I know. I'ma see y'all. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and again SLU to Hampton University tomorrow. They honoring me at their 43rd Hey annual Black Family Conference. So me and my wife will be heading out there to get honest look to my HBCU and my book Real Life Real Family is also coming out April 15th. So you could pre-order that now. It's all about raising kids and the struggles and the trials, the tribulations and all that stuff. You know, we have six kids age from 23 to three, so we've done our research extensively.


Absolutely. Yeah. And also us Luther Pacman Jones for joining us this morning. That's right. Make sure you check out Politely Raw. That's right. That Online's YouTube. Politely raw. May I please have sex with you without a condom. Anyway, Hey yo, Jesus Christ. And this weekend I'm gonna be out in Cincinnati, Ohio. Y'all, we got two shows this Friday at the Funny Bone Comedy Club and we got two shows on Saturday as well. That's four in total. The shows are already almost sold out. Y'all. I need a videographer when I land in Cincinnati. If you know any good ones, make sure you hit up my email that's connected to my page or just DM me some people who shoots and, and edits Hot Fire.


Y'all. We looking for a, a videographer in Cincinnati And soon to everybody who listens to to us on one oh 0.10 2.3. The beat in Cincinnati. Okay, y'all pull up on just this weekend in Cincinnati. Yes sir. Absolutely. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. You got a positive note? I do. But I want to tell people, first of all, man,


make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Okay. Sarah Jakes Roberts will be on stage with her Woman of Ball podcast tanking j Valentine will be doing their r and B Money podcast Live. The Good Moms Bad Choices podcast will be there. We got the Black Effect Marketplace. We got Picture podcast panel with Nissan. What else? We got a lot of good things, man. If you've been there for the first two years, you already know what the energy is. If this is your first time prepared to be blessed. Okay? So we'll see you Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards. Go get your tickets right now, black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Now the positive note is simply this, discerning the truth. Okay? The problem we're making assumptions is that we believe they are the truth. We make an assumption, we misunderstand, we take it personally, then we react by sending emotional poison with our word. This creates a whole big drama for nothing. So learn to discern the truth. Have a blessed Day. Breakfast Club Bitches. You all finished or y'all done?


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to he unravels the mystery of his Vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called The Edge of Daybreak recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business, the edge Of daybreak, eyes of love, but supposed to have been followed up by another app. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it would be like to be mentored by today's top business leaders? My podcast, this Is Working, can help with that. Here's advice from Google, CMO, Lorraine Tohill on how to treat AI like a partner. I see AI as an incredible co-pilot. You may use different tools or toys to get the work done, but AI is just the latest flavor of that. You are still the judge of what good looks like. I'm Dan Roth LinkedIn's editor in chief, my podcast. This Is Working Leaders Share Strategies for Success. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why would you Do that to me? Los Angeles 2021, A friendly neighbor appears out of nowhere and promises to make all my dreams come true. Let's not forget that David Bloom was a professional con artist, so you didn't stand a chance, But my dreams soon turned into a nightmare. I'm Caroline De listen as I take down my scammer on Once Upon a Con on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.