
Welcome to Good Game with Sarah Spain, your one-stop shop. For the biggest stories in women's sports every day I'm bringing you the stake stars, stats and stories to keep you up to date. If you're new to women's sports, welcome and if you've been around, let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect the teamwork competition and rivalries that we love to watch. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip Play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Yo, It's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect Podcast Network each and every Monday perspective with bank podcasts, with feature individuals, all walks of life who come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. This podcast will explore all type of conversations from everyday people, your favorite celebrities. Every Monday, listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, wherever you get your podcast. Presented by at and t connecting changes everything.


Hi, I am Katie Lowes And. I'm Guillermo Diaz. And we're the hosts of Unpacking the Toolbox, the Scandal Rewatch podcast where we're talking about all the best moments of the show mesmerizing. But Also we get to hang out with all of our old scandal friends like Bellamy Young, Scott Foley, Tony Goldwin, Debbie Allen, Kerry Washington. Well suit Up gladiators. Grab your big old glass of wine and prepare yourselves for an even more behind the scenes stories with unpacking the toolbox. Listen to unpacking the toolbox on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, Or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, parents, looking for something fun to listen to in the car with your kids? Blippy and Mika have a brand new podcast, Blippy and Mika's Road trip. Each week the Blippy Mobile will take your kids to amazing places your kids will learn awesome new things about the places and things they see and hear. It's a fun, interactive listening experience for the whole family. Listen to Philippi and Mika's Road trip on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


DJ M, just hilarious and Charlemagne the Duck. They're listening to The Breakfast Club. Thank y'all for being like cultural leaders, family. The. Breakfast Club is where people get the information on the topics, on the artists and everything like that. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like You guys in Atlanta, Let's not show watch. You're locked into the world's most dangerous morning show. More dangerous than the Bronx If. you wanna break this flu? You ain't gonna bring it. 120 minus will not come up here. Jesus. This what y'all grew up To. That's right. Get up out the beds and Listen to the greatest show on Earth. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo.


Just hilarious. Hey all. What's up Charlemagne? The guy. Peace to the Planet is Thursday. Yes, it's Thursday. Yes, it is. What's happening? How you feel? How you feel, Jess? I feel good. I'm okay. I'm glad to hear that your lighting this morning is giving very much Tuby. No, It's not. No, it's Yes, it is. Quiet storm it very dark. Very You know candles led and Well, we had a really, really big storm. I'm already waiting on my ring light to come, but we it us. I usually have natural sunlight coming in by this, by this time. But we had a huge storm last night. Did y'all catch any of it? Yeah, we Caught a lot of it. A lot of rain, thunder, lightning. It was nasty. It was crazy. But the roads weren't that bad. I thought I was gonna see a lot of falling trees, but it wasn't as as bad as I thought it was gonna be.


Oh, Okay. Now Charlamagne, you were out late last night. Yeah, man, my dumb ass. I was doing a Stephen Colbert show drop on a cruise bonds for Stephen Colbert, my South Carolina Bren. He had a live show last night. You know. 'cause he wanted to come on after the Republican National Convention so he could talk about it and stuff like that. Right. And so, yes, I was on the, the live show last night. So I was there at like one in the morning. Wow. Yeah. Jesus. So you little tie, A lot tie it. But it is what it is. Okay. Okay. That's what we do. We don't have to do it, but we choose to do it. We enjoy it. So I'm not gonna sit here and complain about the choices that I've chosen to make in my life. He Come in here, he hang out late one night, come here on time, one time, and now he, no, he had the choices that we make.


The choices. You always late. You usually be Late. The choices you wouldn't Not out late. He's late. Destiny is not a matter of chance. It's a matter of choice. Okay. I'm not gonna complain about the choices that I make. I knew that I do a morning radio show called The Breakfast Club. That is syndicated in a hundred plus markets. Yes. And so I chose to go do Colbert's show last night because I enjoy, I really do enjoy doing Colbert show, man. That's what's up. That's my guy. Well, we got some special guests joining us this morning. Oh man. De we, We have Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo, The legend. The legends will be in the building. They have a, a new show on Hulus called Unprisoned. The season two. Actually, Delroy will be in the building. Carrie will be virtual because she got Covid.


Yeah, she has Covid. Yes. Now Delroy Carrie's been here before. She's been here in this studio before. That's right. Delroy has never been here, but You know Delroy has been in so many great movies from Malcolm. The Crooking to Rodeo must die. But that's Aaliya and DMX. You can't say that. Sure. But when I say crooking, Malcolm X five Bloods, you can't say Romeo must died. Now, were there some legendary people in it? Yes. I'm just talking about, I'm talking about just classic films. Jesus You know. But no, he's, he's a phenomenal, phenomenal actor, man. That's right. So we gonna chop it up with them in a little bit. Then we got front page news when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's the Breakfast local. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Aria.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's getting some front page news. And I. Just wanna start off with, I wanna salute to Philadelphia's own Kevin Sullivan. He is the youngest player ever to play in a professional sport. He plays Major League soccer. He's 14 years old and he's playing a major league soccer and already got a deal with Manchester. When he turns 18, he'll go overseas, but he's 14. Congratulations young Man playing Major league baseball. Good morning. Morgan Baseball. AKA soccer. Playing soccer. The Ball ball. Yes. Okay, let's get into the front page news. Top of the headlines, Ohio Senator JD Vance made his first campaign appearance yesterday at the RNC speaking to supporters in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


The vice presidential nominee criticized the press and said there is an obvious contrast between the two presidential hopefuls. Let's hear more from JD Vance at the RNC. The Guy who actually connects with working people in this country is not fake. Scranton Joe. It's real President Donald Trump. The media has lied more aggressively and slander about a guy and he keeps on coming through it. The contrast between the lie that the media tells about President Trump and the man that all of us actually know, of course we saw it in really, really stark definition on Saturday.


What about him? He once compared Trump to Hitler. Now they are running Mac. Now how you go from calling somebody Hitler to giving them that hawk tour that Caught, I Mean, I mean, full throated endorsements. Right? Whenever I hit him last night, kept saying, don't put your hand like that. They kept saying full throated endorsements. All I keep thinking about is that Hawk tool. Ugh. Now. Pretty much. Yeah. So that part Vance did say that inflation has become outta control under President Biden's watch hurting, hardworking families. And he said that president or former president Trump rather, is still working on his speech for tonight. So he Trump is expected to address the Republican national convention tonight.


Now, meanwhile, the Trump now Tonight might be the night we get many men. Tonight might be the night with Donald Trump walks out to many men. Okay, I know everybody. It's for real this time. Don't believe that stuff that y'all seeing on social media. Well, IIII said it would, it would be he would walk out when he does his speech. Now, I ain't talk about the other three nights. You Wasn't talk about Monday. You I'm Just saying there are there there are other fakes that are You know. Have it? No, this might be the real one tonight. It's possible. All right. So meanwhile, the Trump campaign said they are not committed to a date for a vice presidential debate. As uncertainty hangs over President Biden's reelection bid. Now a Trump senior, a senior Trump campaign advisor that they don't know who the Democratic nominee will for vice president will be suggesting they believe Biden will drop out the race.


Now, the advisor added that locking in a debate would be unfair to quote, whoever Kamala Harris is picking as her running mate. Now this comes as Biden is facing calls to step aside from a growing number of Democrats due to concerns about his age and mental fitness. Yeah, You said uncertainty. There is no uncertainty. Biden is up outta here. Okay. But we're talking, he's up outta here and they need to hurry up too because You know, like you said, it might be time for Kamala Harris to start campaigning and, and, and And I don't even like when they keep saying You know they, they Biden's gonna have to move aside 'cause of his age. It's not about his age. It's about can he win? Doesn't seem like he wants to move. It seems like he's doing everything not to leave though. Oh, We'll definitely talk more about that in seven. But more support, I'm sorry, more reports about the secret service protection at Donald Trump's Pennsylvania rally are coming out during a closed door Senate briefing on Wednesday.


Republican senator John Barrasso of Wyoming said FBI Director Christopher Ray had some troubling things to report. Let's hear more from Senator Barrasso. The shooter has been identified an hour before the shooting occurred as a suspicious person. They lost sight of him. He had a range finder, he had a backpack. The kind of things that would be suspicious to anyone. Yeah. They just let him walk around. They said that it was suspicious. They had You know they, they called it in. They did all the things that they were supposed to do, all the protocol but didn't follow the man. I mean, honestly, they should all be fired. If. you think about it, how suspicious did he really look at a Trump rally? White guy, young You know he was black Saying been a different Story. A rifle. Like how did he really look?


Suspicious Butler, Pennsylvania. Did he look suspicious? Did look like he just fit right in. But the fact that they noticed him shows you that something was off. Like, 'cause you said if they all looked like that, yeah, that's true. But the fact that they noticed him with the range finder and he was You know, looking around, looked like he was casing the joint and they were watching him and then all of a sudden Everybody says that after the fact though. Everybody says, but they Called him not suspicious, but they called him in. They was Because he was climbing on the roof. Different videos. No, before he was climbing on the roof. When he went through the metal detectors, they, they were Watching How about that roof? Should, that roof should have never been open the way it was. Not at All. Hell no, Russ, sorry. Secret service agent Jason Russell. He is warning people that who attend the Trump, the upcoming Trump rally in Michigan, they will face unprecedented, unprecedented security screen screenings at the Van Andel Arena this weekend.


Now Russell is the founder and president of security, a secure environment con consultants in Grand Rapids and says that being inside an arena will make the job easier for law enforcement than an outdoor rally. And he expects that all candidates to hold their rallies inside for at least the next several weeks. What do you think about that? You think that'll be a better safety? Yeah, They should. Absolutely. Absolutely. Like I said earlier this week, You know when you have somebody like You know Donald Trump who has created an environment of political violence. Well he's created an environment of political violence that nobody is safe from. Nobody. Whether you, democrat, republican, anybody, nobody is safe from the environment that he's Created. And then what happened to the glass?


I thought there was like bulletproof glass that they kind of stood in so that You know nothing could affect him in front of him and on the side of him. I thought that was a glass there. Maybe not. I was gonna say on outdoor what I've seen anyways in outdoor and that's usually the actual president. I have not been to a rally. So I can only go based on my account. But yeah, on the outdoor events there is some sort of glass or there are snipers on the roof. Every roof. Alright. Alright. All right, well last front page news. We'll see you next hour, Morgan. Yep. Talk to y'all in a bit. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. 8, 5, 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Yes sir. It's J from Indy. Hey, J Ja. What's up? Ja a What's that? What's up man? I gotta get off my chest. My son's home from college and he started to have girls come over and he's starting to think we friends. How, how old's your son? 19 man. And. I came home the other day and he had some talent in there and I'm like, oh, Calling young girl talent. It's crazy. He call some calling him talent off a bad boy in the nineties.


Jesus. I Don't know if that's what I meant, but that's what we call it, man. It's just a, it's just our metaphor. Okay. So that's all I got. I need some feedback. Envy help me out. I mean, You know my son ha has had a girlfriend. So Yeah, she, she's been over the house and I mean, as long as he's telling you and, and asking permission, he ain't just bringing her home and you wake up in the morning, you walking around in your boxes and she's there. I mean, you should have that conversation. And they gotta be parameters. What time she gotta leave? You know If you, If you mind if they in their room, the door close or, or whatever is, is whatever makes you comfortable. What makes you comfortable brother? Right. Leaving the door open. I guess I just gotta remember he's 19 but this is not your dorm room. And now he's getting an apartment this summer as he goes back to school. And I'm just trying to hit reset.


'cause I wasn't like this. I didn't bring nobody up at my mama house. You didn't bring nobody in your mama house? I used to bring women in my mama house, but I used to have to keep do in like NB just said. Well yeah, Bringing up in your mama's house. Charlemagne, respectfully, you was disrespectful bringing women to your mama house. That that's all I got. What Lie disrespectful My mama Bringing women to your mama? Nah, because I mean, well look, GIA was, I was 16 and 15 and Gia came by the house. Exactly. Yeah. I mean I've Been with the same woman since 1998 And my mom knowing, like Charlamagne said, it was, we, we didn't close no doors. It was You know doors was open. Well, I appreciate y'all listening to me. I I'm dealing with it. It's, it's tough but have a Conversation. I'm tell him what you don't what what you have a problem with and what's disrespectful. You know set the, set the parameters so he knows.


And Truth be told, the way you call that young lady talent, you want the door open just so you could see what's going. You wanna see for yourself. You know freak Freak gotta go freak that. Hey, y'all nasty man. Oh Man, That's messed up. Hello? Who's this? What's going on? This him? What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Hey man, I got some beef with Charlamagne and us Sean too, man, but They, four three, what's happening? I can hear that Geechee in your throat. Shit. Yeah, man. Oh man. It's all I love to do Manchar. Man. What's up man? What's up my brother? Talk to me. Ain't too much man. Hey man, you, I see you do your thing for, for like November and things, but what, what's up with the other days? You know the other days in year.


See I do my thing in November, but what's up with the other days? What you talking about? I Thought he said was seven Turkey drive or so, man. Oh no, I do my Turkey drive. I do my book bag giveaway. And I got something else coming real soon. I'm gonna be announcing something real soon. I got something coming for the fall that I'm, I'm gonna make a, I'm gonna make an annual thing in the city. What's up with a book? Can I get a book? Yeah, you can get a book. That's what, is that what this is about, sir? Is this That song? Get a book. That's all he wanted A Book man. Get a brother a book. Eddie. Eddie put my 8 4 3 low country brother on hold. But How you gonna call and say all you do is a Turkey drive? That's not, But I mean he does so much More for the city. And you mean only a Turkey drive And then ask for, but I Know, I, I knew I'm from the city.


I know what's going on Here. Okay, all you playing. But I do got something. I do got something in the fall. I got something big in the fall that I'm about to announce in the next, next month or so. And hold on brother, we'll put you on hold. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, char man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get on the phone right now here and tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Tone? Tone. What's up? Get it off your chest to Good morning Evie. Good morning Uncle Charla. Good morning. Yes. Congratulations. Good Morning.


See you about to have. Thank you. You should wait until like September to have that baby. That's what my birthday is And it's not up to me. If it was up to me, I'm not sure. I, but it is not up to me. When's your birthday? Ver what's your, what's your date? No, Virgos over here bro. Libra gang. Oh, I'm sorry. 9 28. Oh, All Right. Oh, you got, you, me, you, you and one of my daughters got the same born day, man. I got two Libras at the house. Oh, that's what's up with some cool people, right Shea? I Got a 9 23 and a 9 28 Nice Fire. Yo, I just wanna know Envy. Yep. Why do they have you doing all these poles? Why do they have you doing all these Magnum commercials and you got like 10 kids bro?


I tell 'em that all the time. But you see, I stopped 'cause I had to put 'em on. See that? I only got six kids. And. I have to stop now. Now enough is enough. So I gotta wear some type of protection to make sure I ain't got no more kids. Why Don't you just get a vasectomy? Enough Is enough. You contradicting yourself. You out here telling us to strap up but you out here just Now. I'm not raw dogging no more. I'm strapped up now 'cause I can't have no more kids. I'm done at six. Six is no More what's before being Married And then, nah, he out here that stay all by his Wife. You know. Right? They all by my wife. I'm out here. I'm out here. I got six kids for my wife. That is so funny. Nah, that's fire. That's fire. Love y'all man. I just wanted to get that off of my chest. All right. To peace. Hello, who's this? Good morning. This is Vern. How we doing this morning? Everybody.


What's up brother? Get it off your chest. This one is for shout to God You know He always says that the the lie is more better than the truth. I got a question for Y'all. I say, I say nobody cares about the truth when the lie is more entertaining. I apologize sir. I mean I apologize. I can make a mistake. I You know. I try to listen to y'all every day when I can in the morning. Thank you. But this one is for you. Lemme ask you a question. When Puffy started having his problems didn his problems kind of start around 2020. I don't know how would I know when Puff problems Started? Okay, well I kind of think when the problems with everything kind of started, but who, who died in 2020 That was very close to Puffy was his mentor that should know everything about my Guy, my guy, my guy.


The late great Andre Harrell. Okay. So wouldn't you think he would know if Puffy was doing anything under the books or anything on the table? Because Andre Harrell started Uptown Records. He gave him the support when he moved the Brooklyn. Right? Wouldn't he know that's his mentor? Rest In peace to the late great Andre Harrell. I don't know what Andre Harrell knew, but I mean I think that there's probably a lot of people who knew what was going on. So please don't try to just put that on the late. Great Mr. Harrell. Let the the let the let the dead rest. Please. No, I got you. I'm just saying I'm an old school guy that knows a lot of old school stuff from up here. Uptown Records. But also I wanna put out this too. If President Biden wants to win the race, he needs to have you up to the White House and give you whatever kinda award he can give for mental health.


Because brother, you are one of the best sponsors for you support mental health more than anybody in this world. And you are really the only person I ever heard say that. The people from the hood need to really have support and people to talk to because mental health is something that serious out here and the people in the hood really don't do it. But y'all all stay blessed. Thank you. And Jess, congratulations to that newborn coming out. Thank You. Thank you. Have a so much get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. You can hit us up now. Jess, we got the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes. Cory Hardrick saw all the backlash from Rotten Tomatoes and said I'm already working on another project with Tyler. So what's up? Okay. All right, well we'll get into that.


Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Sorry Steph Curry. I am thoroughly still enjoying not like us so we shall continue to keep playing it. Okay. You like skinned dudes. Really? You beige brothers really don't like not like us. They are sad. Yes. It's like when one of y'all take a L, all of y'all take an L together. He Didn't say he didn't like it. He just said he was tired. He Just said he tired of hearing it Though. Oh well we're not. Okay. Alright, well let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real. Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Worldwide. On The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off. Okay. Okay. So we reported yesterday that Tyler Perry's new divorce in the black movie scored a 0% on Rotten Tomatoes with a 54% rating from the audience. It was also number one movie on Amazon Prime video. Drop a clues bomb for that. Let's go Tyler. Nah, that's what's up. That's what's up. The movie is currently sitting at number two on Prime and grew to 72% rating from the audience, but still has zero percentage from critics.


TMZ caught up with Cory Hardrick, who's the main character. He plays the husband that I was giving y'all a little backstory on in the film and they had asked him about like how he felt about seeing the 0% and this is what he had to say. Doing very well, getting a lot of love for people. Right, right, right. But it is also gotten a 0% on Rotten Tomatoes. Where do you think the criticism is coming from? I don't know nothing about it. I didn't see that. I mean the people love the movie and we do it for the people. That's who I do it for. Okay. It's the culture rocking with it. It's all love. Shout out to Mr. Perry. I love Mr. Perry though. You don't care nothing about the critics. Nah man. The critics man. Everyone has an opinion and they're entitled to it, so it's fine. Okay. As long as the people see it. My neighborhood See it.


South side Chicago, LAC. Everybody see it then it's ha. Then I'm happy. So it's all up. I had mad people hitting me after that conversation we had yesterday saying how they thoroughly enjoyed the movie. They enjoyed it. Our guy Red, who's our board off here, he said that he loved the movie after, after we, after we closed the mic. Because he don't, he don't, not a personality. So Right. He didn't talk. He said he liked it. That's what's up. I liked it too. Red was saying that that was


Welcome to good game with Sarah Spain, your one stop shop for the biggest stories in women's sports. Every day I'm bringing you the stake stats, stars and stories to keep you up to date. If you're new to women's sports, welcome. Can't wait to show you around. And if you've been around, let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. We want good game to be just like women's sports. The best of the competition, teamwork and rivalries that we love. Minus the toxic masculinity in drunken brawls. Where else but women's sports? Do we see a player passing our ex-wife on the WBAs all time leading scorer list. And then watch her new fiance, teammate and MVP candidate talk about it afterward on SportsCenter. Shout out to Dawana Bonner and Alyssa Thomas the tee. Y'all thet is so good. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect those stories and all aspects of women's sports. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to good game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode is a promo You. know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds like you never Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. Culture. What point Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like I oh God, this. See, I mean to push shots of road. We'll see, I'll be down You know gonna be racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurred perspective. I, I think if Bold Male hadn't got fired, Kevin Pie would be in trouble right now. Preach. We Giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I'll stand for Lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad, I hate you so much. Right? Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black in Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


But we loved is a podcast about queer history. I'm Jordan Gonsalves, your host. Growing up I thought being gay was the worst thing I could ever be. The gay history I learned was tragic. Jerry had died of aids and it's like what is happening? It was survival. That's why it's called survival sex. But as I interviewed queer elders, I realized there was another history that I had never been taught. A history of courage and perseverance. I wanted to take control of my story and not be ashamed of it. And it was a history full of love. The joy we found in saying husband again and again and again was incredible. And while learning this new queer history from my elders, I realized they had so much wisdom to pass down. The key is to understanding yourself, learning to love and embrace yourself. For my heart podcasts, I'm Jordan Gonsalves and this is, but we loved listen to, but we loved on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Andrea Gunning host of the all new podcast There and Gone. It's a real life story of two people who left a crowded Philadelphia bar, walked to their truck and vanished. Nobody hears anything. Nobody sees anything. Did they run away? Was it an accident or were they murdered a truck and two people just don't disappear. The FBI called it Murder for Hire. It was definitely Murder for hire For Danielle, not for Richard. He's your son and in your eyes he's innocent. But in my eyes, he's just some guy my sister was with. In this series, I dig into my own investigation to find answers for the families and get justice for Richard and Danielle. Listen to their and Gone South Street on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Gone.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds. All walks of life will come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. What you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is? I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. I like my work as a music artist and executive. I unlock diverse, thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feelings supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, At the same Time. But You know what I'm saying? But you got, they just want a woman period. Every Monday. Listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, wherever you get your podcast.


The most incredible movie that he saw his year. Really? Yes. Oh wow. Red is Puerto Rican also. I just want to put that out There. I see. Listen, I don't see the problem. It's got Listen, what clearly what Tyler Perry is doing is working. That's an understatement, correct? Yeah. Did you watch it? Like you said you would last night. I Was out last night. You know. I did Colbert show Tell one in the morning. So I was like out all day. And I was at the gym. But I'm gonna watch it this weekend though. I'm gonna watch it this Weekend. Keep on pushing the back. Keep pushing the back. All right. That's what's up. He also said that he is working on something else with Tyler Pride For me, hopefully it's a number two. It's a part two to the voice in the black so they can expound on his story. But this is what he said to TMZ.


So now this being your first time working with Tyler Fair, does this make you not wanna work with the beginning of Future? No. I love Mr. Tyler Fairy. Stop. We working again on something for sure. I can't really speak on it, but it was the most incredible experience I've ever had on the film. He takes care of his actors. It's a loving set. And You know we're gonna do it again. So big shout to Mr. Perry. Man, y'all stop playing with that man. Trust me. If y'all wanna see a ridiculous movie, just watch this movie me and Jess working on for Tuby. Okay. Why you had to say, me and Jess, first of all told you don't tell about it. You call us Tubby Perry. Okay. Hey, yeah. We gonna make something ridiculous. Yes. On purpose Co. Cory was the playing.


Cory was in my comments like, yeah, all right, stop playing. Whoop. Oh, he did. He did. I ain't see it. He did he Comment twice? He dropped a meme of him from the movie and then he was like, yeah, so go ahead and watch it. He was like, you saw how I acted in that movie? Don't play with me. Yeah, Don't play with me. That's why you were a little nervous. That's why you nervous. That's, I was like, no, for real. It is the best movie ever. Everything around. Lemme go look on your page. Oh my goodness. Yes. He sure did. I pinned it too, just in case anything happened. Oh, He did? That's hilarious. He said, just in case anything happened, I it. He said, millions are watching, so it's fine. Love The. Breakfast, Club. Am we the number one global film in The? World? There you go, period. Oh no, let's talk about this comment underneath it though. Why is Cedar the God so beautiful and majestic? The facial hair?


You ain't telling me about that one. No. Now look at all the comments under that. Everybody's saying that they High liar, Liar, liar. Drunk. They was like, girl, what you high, What are you talking about? Somebody said, because you high and be like that sometimes somebody said, girl say go to drugs. I don't know what she talking about, baby. She said, beautiful and majestic. Somebody said, you need your eyes checked sis. Yeah, somebody put every pot has a lid In her hand. Jesus. I had depend that one. Hilarious. Okay, moving forward Pretty V addresses criticism. So she recently sat down with Young Jock on the morning takeover and he kicked the interview off asking her about the backlash that she received from earning her honorary degree.


And that's what she had to say. When you do service in the community and you get acknowledged, that's what it comes with You know. And it's an honorary doctoral degree. And I. Think people need to know the difference. And, I, And, I wanna really You know say that. Thank you so much Jock, for even acknowledging that because people don't understand the work that we put in. We're not just Instagram influencers. You know we impact You. know we are, we are opening up the doors for the next generation to come on in and do what they do best. Absolutely. Because they're there watching the Dessi Banks, because they're watching the country. Waynes the beat. Simone's the just hilarious. They blame it on Quas. They lift the Drew skis, the funny Marcos. I mean we are doing so much behind the scenes. So I wasn't surprised when I got that phone call to say they wanted honor, that they wanted to honor me real doctor degree.


I wasn't surprised because I know the work that I put, Why you to zone her out like that? See, I Fade her out like that. But yeah, she was very adamant about that. I didn't even, I didn't really have a problem with her answer. I mean, she, right. I mean, and listen, remember that that conversation that we had about it? Yeah. On there up here? Yeah. I never, me personally never discredit anything that you all do for getting honorary degrees. I never did. I just said it's not the same work that the students put into actually earn a degree. So I'm glad that she did get that out. But Young Jock kicked off the interview with that.


I said, okay. That was funny. V Got a show tomorrow too. Yeah, she does. She sent it to me. She got the Is is it in New York? No, it's in Atlanta at the Center Stage Theater. It's like a one woman show at 8:00 PM tomorrow. So I think you go to Ticketmaster and get your ticket. She's taking it on tour over, I mean like she will be coming to New York. Yeah, exactly. And she gave me a little bit of, a little, not a, not a preview to the, the show that she's doing, but Sharon, which is her most popular character, the Jamaican lady. That's like, who going to be, I ain't even gonna say nothing. It is gonna be funny. It's funny if y'all follow pretty v y'all know she does a a bunch of characters. But Sharon is the one that she is going to be digging into into this play with this play.


So I'm excited to see it. I'm excited for her. You Think people to go out there and protest people that are upset, she got an honorary Degree? No, man. Oh my God. Outside her show. Yes. No. You think they'll go out there and Protest? No, it's just, it's just people's opinions. What if all the students, what if all the students show up playing? They not like us. Y'all students Versus the honorary Students. Yo, that's Justin the show, Right Jess? Thank you. All right, when we come back, we got front page news. I want too much to do that now. No, don't do that. I'm don't like that. No, don't do that. Don't do that. You'll throw her off. We got front page news when we come back and then we also kicking in with Kerry Washington. Delroy Lindo. So don't move us.


The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NB, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. So as previously mentioned in the last hour, we're gonna talk about President Biden in this hour. In recent comments, he said that the only thing that will keep him out of this presidential race was a medical condition. Well, moments later, he tested positive for Covid. Biden was scheduled to give a speech yesterday afternoon in Las Vegas, Nevada when, when the head of the Latino Advocacy Group Unidos US announced it was canceled. Now the White House says that Biden is vaccinated and boosted and he is experiencing mild symptoms.


The statement goes on to say that he's at home in Delaware where he will self isolate. Now the White House adds it will provide regular updates on the president's status as he continues to carry out the full duties of the office while in isolation. Now, meanwhile, house Democrats are circulating a letter that urges the Democratic National Committee to slow down on nominating President Biden as the party's candidate. The letter has received 20 signatures, including from representatives in California and Pennsylvania. Now speaking with NBC's, meet the press recently California Congressman and candidate for US Senate, Adam Schiff. Describe the sentiment within the Democratic Party. Let's hear more from him. The Performance on the debate stage, I think rightfully raised questions among the American people about whether the president has the vigor to defeat Donald Trump.


This is not just about whether he gave it the best college try, but rather whether he made the right decision to run or to pass the torch. This is about whether this country remains a democracy. Whether we veer off into some kind of pseudo dictatorship. I know people feel an urgency, I feel an urgency, but I would tell the President, slow down and take the time to make the right decision here. Vi my ass. That's those polls and him losing the Trump in every single swing state. That's what, that's what got them wanting to pull him. Right now The polls You know, You know the polls aren't accurate. But anyways, Schiff went on to tell the Los Angeles times that he has serious concerns that Biden can beat former President Trump in November.


And there has been a flood of Democrats asking Biden to step aside. As of two 19, lawmakers have come out publicly calling for someone else to run in November. Now Biden is up against the deadline that could make or break this 24 presidential race for him. Reports say majority leader Chuck Schumer was among the Democrats who pushed the DNC to delay a virtual roll call officially nominating Biden. But DNC officials warn Biden could have also have problems getting on the ballot in several states as that virtual call, if that virtual call does not happen by August 7th. Now the DNC is actually scheduled for August 19th. So those states would either have to adhere to that virtual call or Biden might not make it on the ballot.


This is not unheard of. This has happened before. So chances are he will probably make the ballot or those states will probably make some sort of call for some sort of legislation, emergency legislation. Anyways, I don't now this, I don't know if Biden can win in November. If, you ask me, I say no, but I'm also a Dallas Cowboy fan who thinks we'll win the Super Bowl every year. But I don't believe he will win the Lulu. Exactly. I don't believe he will win in November. So if they remove him from the ticket, it will bring some type of energy to the campaign and it might signal a sense of urgency to the voters. Mm Yeah. But this is also like not something that happens often. And then when it does, it doesn't go well for that new candidates. So at least historically speaking, so this comes as reports say Biden is now receptive in recent discussions about his political future.


CNN reports, a senior democratic advisor told the outlet he's being receptive, not as defiant as he is publicly. Now the report goes on to say he's gone from saying Kamala can't win to, don't you think Kamala can win? The advisor adds, it's still unclear where he's going to land, but at least he seems that he's is listening. I Just don't understand how all of these smart people did not see this coming. They should have been You know saying this a year ago. They should have been saying this two years ago. You know. I I thought the whole purpose of Biden winning was for him to be a transitional president. Like it's not like people weren't asking these questions. My dumb ass was asking these questions a year ago. Simply can b the Biden Harris ticket win in 2024?


I simply said back in December, I thought he should have gave America the greatest Christmas gift and step down back then. How do you just get to this conclusion? You know four months from an election. Now what did, what did they see that we didn't see? Does Kamala have enough time to, to do what she needs to do to win though? That that's another affair, right? By The way, I don't know if it's gonna be Kamala, but if, if, and Is she likable? That's the thing that is You know. She's she's, she may not be bad. Joe Biden ain't likable, but y'all think y'all wanna run out there and vote for him. So how all of us, how come all And? I'm not talking to you Morgan. I'm just saying how come all of a sudden likability, You know is, is a factor and that's a one out of four people don't like Biden are Trump. 70% of all Americans did not want a Biden Trump rematch. So why all of a sudden does Kamala have to be the likable one?


And I don't even know if it's gonna be Kamala is what I'm saying. But I do think four months is, I think four months is more than enough time, especially if she's at the top of the ticket. All right y'all, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, be sure you're following me on social at Morgan Media and you can follow the Black Information Network at Black Information Network for more news coverage. And be sure to visit us@bnnews.com. Alright, well thank you Morgan. Thank you. Alright, when we come back, Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo will be joining us. Unprisoned Season two is out now in Hulu and we gonna kick it with them when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guest joining us this morning. That's right. We have Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo. Welcome. Thank you. Woohoo. Now, season two of Unprisoned is out now on Hulu for people who've never seen break down what Unprisoned is about. Start from season one. This, this show is inspired by the life of a woman named Tracy McMillan, whose dad was in and out of prison her whole life. And it's really about this kind of intergenerational relationship between a dad, his daughter, and his grandson. And when the dad comes out of prison, he comes to live with them and kind of how the three of them figure out how to coexist.


So it's, it's about what it's like to be a returning citizen. You know when you're leaving the system and trying to reenter into The World, but it's also about what it means to love a returning citizen and be in a family that's grappling with how we are impacted by this. So-called Justice system, it's so meaningful to me because there's so many of us who have been impacted by the system, who have family members who've been incarcerated or been incarcerated ourselves. I mean, we did a, we, we were at a film festival last year when the show first aired, and we did four sit down interviews and three out of four of the journalists had a parent who had been incarcerated. And they were all different races too.


I mean, this story, I'm very proud. This story is very much the story of a black family and the particular challenges and joy that we experienced. But this is also an American story. Like we are all dealing with the tragedy that is the justice system in this country and how it impacts us. And and for generations you wouldn't think having said all that, you would think it's like, like a very heavy show. But part of what made me fall in love with this show is that it's a comedy. I mean it's a dramedy, but it's, there's, it's, there's a lot of like joy and love and laughter because that's also who we are as a people. Like we are resilient, we are survivors. And this character that Delroy plays Edwin is like such a beautiful example of how we may have stereotypes about who's in the system.


Well think we have stereotypes, we think we know who those people are and we do not. That's right. Well, you talk about You know, I I was watching you talk about breaking generational curses, right? That that was seems one of the things that was most important. Could you touch things of of family members going to jail? Yeah. And how a lot of times when they come out, people feel ashamed. You talk about biracial relationships, fathers trying to get back into their daughter and do those things. Yeah. So why was that all important? 'cause those are all topics in our community. Sometimes we don't necessarily talk about outside the House. Amen. So as Carrie was, was speaking, she, she talked about the process that is, that's alive in this, in this work of these three individuals, myself, my daughter and, and my grand and my grandson, Kerry's son.


We're also unpacking what it means to love what does love look like. Yeah. And when you talk about the intergenerational blockages to that and how, for instance, black men as an example, how we are socialized to believe we are supposed to be a certain way. And our gener your generation, my gen, we're all trying to interrupt that. And this show is at the heart of that because we're trying to figure out, and you say it Carrie, in the, in the first episode of season two, that we need to break this chain. We need to break this process of this intergenerational pathology repeating itself over and over and over again.


So there are all kinds of aspects to this work that Yeah. Speak to the condition of being an African des descendant person and what we deal with as families, as individuals. But it's human man. It's human. Right. I love, I love the, What I loved about your question was that you said these are things that we don't necessarily talk about outside the home. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And the reason we don't is because we think we're the only ones. And so we have this shame, right? We have, we have shame that causes us to keep our secrets and not air our dirty laundry. The power of a show like this is that we get to, we get to provide people with an opportunity to see themselves reflected on a larger scale.


Right? Right. So people get to be in their homes, but they know that they're not alone. 'cause we're all dealing with trauma of some sort. We're all trying to figure out how to love our kids. We're all trying to figure out how to love our parents. We're all trying to figure out how to free ourselves. Whether it's free ourselves from prison bars or free ourselves from the limitations that other people have placed on us. We're all on these journeys of like Trying to figure out how to eat, love each other ourselves, All of it. Yes. Yes. So, so we get to, with joy and humor, we get to kind of say to somebody like, here's the dirty laundry. Every, every family has it. We're all navigating it. If we can put it out there and talk about it more freely, we can actually free ourselves.


That's the joy of the show is like this family's drama is out for you all to consume and take in feel less alone. And then we all move forward together. And it plays That in therapy too. I was gonna say that it plays that in therapy. Like You know, we've, we've been talking about in the last couple of years, more and more about going to therapy, but it plays out in therapy. And one time that was something that nobody ever talked about going therapy, getting help. So the fact that as a family y'all go together is, is is I think is big as well. Before we get to the therapy aspect, I, I wanna go back to the intergenerational thing because You know Carrie said something just now. We don't talk about it outside of the house because we don't talk about it inside of the house. Amen. Right. And that's what I love that y'all do in the show. Y'all are having those intergenerational conversations within the house.


So just talk to people about how important it is to have intergenerational conversations to not be so segregated in the home. As we're all talking this morning, we get to examine these dynamics within the construct of this television show. Frankly. And partially my answer to your question is that I get to investigate for myself as a human being on the planet, how intergenerational trauma pathology has impacted me. And, I get to use the conduit of Edwin, the characters that I'm playing to investigate some things that are very personal to me as a result of that. I come on a show like this and we, in this case as as black men, as a black woman, get to discuss these things.


Right? And honestly, sometimes I feel I can be more articulate in my work addressing certain issues than I can as a regular human being. Mm. Because when I take a half a step back and recognize that, acknowledge that, then I ha then I'm faced with the challenge of, okay man, you did this in an acting job. Now address it for yourself outside of the process of acting. You you open up the conversation, you open up the conversation. Yeah. You open up the Conversation. Yeah. I mean I think one of the things that's powerful is that for me, when you watch the show If, you watch it with loved ones. You have in the same way that Delroy is saying, like he can explore his issues through Edwin.


You also, somebody watching the show can explore their issues through Paige, my character. Right? Like all day long you can have a conversation all day long with your husband about something that Paige is going through and it gives you like space to kind of hide behind Paige's crazy. 'cause she's a little bit neurotic and crazy. And that way it makes it easier Lot. I think And I think when, when Ourto, when the storytelling that we're exposed to is telling the truths about all of us, then it makes everything easier to talk about. Whether it's in our home or Outside our home. That's Right. Right. All we got more with Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo when we come back. Unprisoned season two is out now on Hulu, so don't go anywhere. It is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We are back. We're still kicking it with Kerry Washington. Delroy. Lindo. Now Delroy, I gotta ask you a question. You know you sure you're, you're in your seventies. You look amazing. I don't talk about that part, Man. Okay. I'm sorry. My bad. You look good, my mother. You look great. Really good. I'm looking at you like inspiration. But the reason I say that is, is my father is, he just turned 80, my mother's in her seventies. God bless him. Thank. Yeah, absolutely. So when I, when I look at them, their way of thinking and their way of doing things Yeah. Is totally different from us. Right. I hear you. So how was that? What you acting? Because things evolved. So You know when my mom and dad, it was like You know a kid's place is a kid's place. Yeah. They didn't talk about things, but my kids is a lot different. So how was it for you evolving to a different way of thinking, a different way of learning and seeing The.


World? Okay, so I have a son who's just turned 23. The joke that I tell and, and Carrie And I as parents have, have had these kinds of con conversations as parents, our relationship to our kids, right? What I always say about, for instance, Welcome to Good game with Sarah Spain, your one-stop shop for the biggest stories in women's sports every day I am bringing you the stakes, stats, stars, and stories to keep you up to date. If, you're new to women's sports welcome. Can't wait to show you around. And if you've been around, let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. We want good game to be just like women's sports, the best of the competition, teamwork and rivalries that we love, minus the toxic masculinity in drunken brawls.


Where else but women's sports? Do we see a player passing her ex-wife on the w NBA's All-time leading scorer list. And then watch her new fiance, teammate and MVP candidate talk about it afterward on SportsCenter. Shout out to Danna Bonner and Alyssa Thomas the tea. Y'all. The tea is so good. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect those stories and all aspects of women's sports. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to good game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast.


This is not an episode, it is a promo You know what it is, promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds real, he never hurt. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. The World Point, Tarantino squashes his beef with Mar and be like, I God this, see, I mean, to push shots a road we see I'll be dealt, man You know, gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective. I, I think if Bold Mayo hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Freak we giving you Reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews.


I'll stand for lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude. I hate you so much, right? Listen to The Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black in Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What we loved is a podcast about queer history. I'm Jordan Gonsalves, your host. Growing up I thought being gay was the worst thing I could ever be. The gay history I learned was tragic. Jerry had died of aids and it's like, when is Happening, It was survival. That's why it's called survival sex. But as I interviewed queer elders, I realized there was another history that I had never been taught.


A history of courage and perseverance. I wanted to take control of my story and not be ashamed of it. And it was a history full of love. The joy we found in saying husband again and again and again was incredible. And while learning this new queer history from my elders, I realized they had so much wisdom to pass down. The key is to understanding yourself, learning to love and embrace yourself. For my heart podcasts, I'm Jordan Gonsalves, and this is, but we loved listen to, but we loved on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the all new podcast there and Gone On. It's a real life story of two people who left a crowded Philadelphia bar, walked to their truck and vanished. Nobody hears anything. Nobody sees anything. Did they run away? Was it an accident or were they murdered a truck? And two people Just Don't disappear. The FBI called it Murder for Hire. It was definitely Murder for hire for Danielle, not for Richard. He's your son and in your eyes he's innocent. But in my eyes, he's just some guy my sister was with. In this series, I dig into my own investigation to find answers for the families and get justice.


For Richard and Danielle, listen to their and Gone South Street on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, Yo is Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank Podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds all walks of life who come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. What you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is? I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically, if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail.


I like my work as a music artist and executive. I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our supposed change at the same time. Yeah, at the Same time. But You know what I'm saying, but you got, they just want a woman period Every Monday. Listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. My father who did not raise me, what I took from the way that my dad did not raise me, he gave me a really good lesson in what not to do in terms of raising my son.


And that's valuable. I would say that because my son is 23 and I've been raising him for You know 20 plus years. My philosophy, my weight of being with my son has evolved and developed way before I started doing prison. However, And I don't wanna tell anybody how to raise their kid, but communication is everything. Everything, everything, everything. You gotta, we, we have to talk to each other. We gotta talk to our kids because frankly, as you all know, kids see everything they do, whether they articulate it to you or not, they are watching and they see everything and they know. So challenge number one for me as a parent is to try to be as genuine and open with my child as I can be.


And that's one of the challenges. And by extension, how do we do that with our friends? Mm, that's right. How do we do that with our loved ones, man? How do we do that? And it's, it's an, it's an ongoing process. But I gotta say something. You guys have not seen the second season, I'm assuming, right? No. Okay. So I looked at the, the episodes from the second season a few weeks ago. And I gotta tip my hat to the fact, Kerry, that you do not shy away from Paige's neurosis. You don't shy away from that. It's admirable and it all contributes You know what's interesting, Delroy, I wanna tell you what's interesting for me is there's something, I think there's a little bit more of that for me in this season. And I. Don't think it's unrelated to actually the last time that I was here at The, Breakfast Club, I don't think it's unrelated to my memoir because there was something about me writing my book and being like, as fully vulnerable in The World, right?


I could possibly be. That allowed me to understand that Paige also was ready to be vulnerable at a different level. Like this season, she's ready to be like more raw and to, because she really wants to heal. Like so much of what this season about is about guys, is that my son is struggling. And so even though my dad, And, I have been like dancing around each other trying to coexist when his grandson, my son starts to struggle, that's the thing that gets us in family therapy because we're like, whatever stuff we're working out, whatever issues we have, it should stop with us.


We should not be passing this on to the next generation. And the only way to do that is if we show up and, and like unpack it. If we wrestle with the stuff that is limiting us, that is preventing us from being who we wanna be, if we can unpack that stuff, then we can prevent ourselves from passing it on to him. You know. I think a lot of it is like I was doing that work in between season one and season two in my own life so much. But I really understand this like need that Paige has to do the work to really figure out who she is so that she doesn't irresponsibly just pass her issues on to the next generation.


I want to ask about that, Karen. 'cause You know Paige is a therapist on the show. Clearly she's a therapist who needs a therapist. So I want to ask you every, All of them do, lemme tell you. That's right. If your therapist doesn't have a therapist, get a new therapist. That's what I was gonna ask. I was gonna ask how do you believe therapy's gonna help Paige, but in real life, If, you go to a therapist who didn't have a therapist. I, one of the things I love about this season is I think our therapy scenes are some of the funniest episodes this season. They are like, last time we had a big dance battle scene. This season we have a, an episode where we're in family therapy and it actually turns into a wrestling match, like a WWF wrestling match. I've seen that. Yeah, I've seen it. It's So much fun. And it really is this idea of like, we have to wrestle with it.


We have to wrestle with this stuff. And I think a therapist. Nobody's perfect. So to me, I always wanna make sure that my therapist is in therapy because nobody is perfect. Everybody Therapy is not about being wrong or bad or broken. It's about perspective and growth. So everybody should be bouncing your ideas off of somebody so that you are fully responsible for the time you're with your clients and you're not projecting your stuff onto your patient. One, one thing I I did see that is gonna be, it's gonna, a lot of people are gonna really take to it is when I guess there's a scene where your son wants to talk to his dad and you're like, Nope, it's not gonna happen. I don't like him.


It's not gonna happen. And I know that happens in a lot of relationships where women might not mess with their baby daddy. That's not right though, Carey, But you, but you're like, No kids need their father. And he's like, I want to text my dad. And that's the wrestling master that I seen. So talk about that a little bit and, and how that scene came came about. It's so, so again, this is like inspired by Tracy McMillan's life, but also we have this incredible room of writers all also led by Yvette Lee Bowser, who is like Amen. A comedic goddess. Like she was behind living single, like all the shows in the nineties that we love the most. Yvette Lee Bowser had her fingerprint on them. And so she, she's part of why we're able to have this incredible comedic tone in what we do.


Also, Tracy's just hilarious too, but this, this issue of like You know Paige has issues around control and she feels like her baby daddy hasn't been present in the way that she's wanted him to be. And so she has a block on their relationship, which is so ironic, right? Because she knows the issues that she deals with from her own dad being in and out of her life. And yet she's repeating that pattern with her son by preventing his dad. So I will let You know that they worked through it, okay? And, and we do get to meet his dad this season, okay. Which is amazing and it's very humbling for Paige to, to have to You know, be open to that. And one, one of the things I And I wanna toss to you Delroy, because this is one of the ways you see where the intergenerational village is so important because there are ways in which Paige doesn't know how to walk her son through this journey.


Amen. But her father as another man can walk her son through this journey with a different kind of wisdom and a different kind of presence. And so you realize why it's so important for us to be able to work on our family connections and heal our family wounds. Because the more that we're able be in community with our family, the more growth we can have. All we got more with Kerry Washington, Delroy, Lindo, when we come back, it's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with actress Kerry Washington and actor Delroy Lindo Unpr. Season two is out now on Hulu. Charlamagne You Know another theme in this show, man, I love any conversation about dealing with your inner child.


So, so Carrie, talk about the significance of the interactions Paige has with her inner child. That little girl is brilliant. She's Jordan Macintosh, she's phenomenal. She's and You know If. you haven't seen the show yet. For anybody who's listening, go back and watch the first season. Also because we get to meet Edwins inner child as well. And it's to, it's one of my favorite episodes of the series, but working with Jordan is so joyous for me. And what we realized in that process of casting, we had to ask ourselves like, what is the point of little Paige on the show? Hmm. And what we wanted little Paige to be was we wanted her to be You. know that part of you that exists before society tells you that you're not enough.


Absolutely. That part of you that is brave and bold and fearless, and it's before a teacher tells you you move too slow or you're too loud or you're not pretty enough or you're not like all the ways that society gets in your head. Yeah. And that's what Jordan was. Jordan was that fierceness of Paige of me before The. World told me a lie that I was not enough. So the relationship with the little Paige, with my inner child on the show is so important because it's part of how Paige is doing the work to grow and move forward. What about you Mr. Lindo? My first response is, I don't know. I dunno.


And on some level that's a, that's a scary place to be. But it affirms that throughout all of my foibles, all of my insecurities, all of my neuroses as a, as a human being, something in the work centrally has some value to my fellow human beings. And that's why one wants to be an actor in the first place is is it because the character, Edwin, is forcing Delroy Lindo to have to deal with some things that Delroy Lindo has never dealt with? Because I was gonna ask, like even with the inner child thing Yeah. You know you being a a, a elder, does your inner child ever get the healing they deserve and 'cause they say when you, great question. When you get to your age now, it's like you go back to being a child.


Great. No, great question. Great question. And I would say that I'm navigating that as we speak partially through the work, but I'm also running a, a memoir right now. And, and Carrie And I have talked about this somewhat, but in and in engaging in that process and engaging in stuff that happened to me when I was 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 years old. Oof. I Right o Yeah. First, how does one understand that? How does one get to a place of understanding with that stuff? I'm unpacking all of that right now. It's an unfolding and evolving process as we speak. But even that, as I sit here watching you as one of our greatest, for you to have the courage to sit at a table and say, I don't know, I'm in process.


I'm unpacking, I'm unfolding. That gives so many of us permission to be in process. I think that's one of the things that I love about our show is that we're so in process. We are a family that is so in process, but there's so much joy, right? Like we're not pulling our guts out to suffer. We're doing the work because you get to see all through the season. Every time we do the work on the other side is more love, right? Is more joy is more acceptance, more belonging. True. Even when the love is flawed. Right? Love is flawed. It is flawed all day long. Right? We're in the mud man and we're trying to see see it and and, and mold it and fix all that.


And that's profoundly human. You said something that that's connected to what we are discussing right now. You said I'm going on Stephen Colbert. Did you say that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So given the event since last Friday, right? And Saturday and Sunday, and you are going into a, a sphere and I'm wondering how much realness do you bring to that? All of it. Because it, this is a moment that's way bigger than us right now. It's way bigger than us. Way bigger than us. And You know I'm scared right now, y'all. Yeah. We're at a very pivotal point in our, in our society right now. But it's more pivotal than the pivotal than how pivotal it was last week. Yes, of course. Yes, of course. It's sharper now. Absolutely. Because the way this has come down in the last four or five days, absolutely scary.


Oh, it's, it's terrifying On top of what the Supreme Court is doing, who I what I don't even think is in a legitimate court anymore. No. So on top of project 2025 on the way there's a Yeah, it's a lot. Right? It's a lot. A lot. And, and, and what we are, what we've been talking about in this conversation has to do with a certain kind of truth that we as actors are trying to get to truth for ourselves as human beings. Truth for ourselves as, as as creative workers. And we're trying to bring all of that together and we're putting it out there. And now another dimension of having messed around with that truth is now dealing with how that truth has impacted our audiences, which Is crazy.


Is is You know Kerry? A lot of this seems like scandal. Like whoa, whoa. A lot of it seems like we've seen it before on your show. Can you talk about that? How this seems like it's like it's reliving again. Yeah. There was a whole episode of Scandal that this happened. Yes. Art imitating life. Yes. Because people were saying that, people were saying it's staged, but we, we know it's not staged. But it was episode of Scandal when he did stage it. Yeah. Yeah. I I think You know one of the things that, that I want us to be talking about more is that too many of us are not participating in the process, are not, are thinking that it's okay to not vote. What concerns me is that so much of it stems from this belief that we have internalized that we don't matter.


And that's part of why this work that we do matters to me is because we tell these stories so that people see themselves. Yep. So that they know that they matter. Yep. And, I want people to participate in our democratic process because I want you to know that you matter. Like this word democracy is getting thrown around. I what, what I wanna remind people is that what it means is a government for the people by People. By the people. Now we don't do that perfectly in this country. I know that. We all know that. But we don't fix it by stepping out of the process. And I know that that's hard because life is very hard for a lot of us.


Us Right. Exci right now. Excruciating. It's Excruciating. And and we feel like we wanna step out of the process because the process isn't made for us and the process isn't, isn't working for us. And the process doesn't include us. We have to force ourselves into the process. Because the alternative is not a government by the people, for the people, but an autocrat, which is like a, a president authoritarian rule who does That's whatever he wants. Whenever he wants, whenever he wants, Wants however he wants. So I Just want y'all to know this is the black dinner table. Yeah. When you, you think about all the issues we covered in a matter of 40 minutes, That's therapy. Biracial coming from jail, everything. Oh my God. I mean we, we appreciate you guys for joining us so much.


You guys gotta go to, We need you guys back and especially You know individually so we can talk about your, both of y'all careers. It the 30 Year anniversary Kirklin, we gotta discuss. Romeo must die. Oh, I, no, I Got we I know y'all gotta go. I do have to ask the Romeo must die question. 'cause Mr. Lindo, you worked with Aaliyah DMX and DMX, you played Aaliyah's father, does it make you appreciate life more because you're still here at 71 and those two Yes. Beautiful individuals have passed on. Yes, yes, yes. A thousand times. Yes. And that I didn't know DMX as well, but that young lady was such a beautiful spirit man. And I. Don't know she had this, I didn't know who she was before we did the film.


Extraordinarily beautiful spirit. She was like a sponge. She just wanted, she wanted to learn, she wanted to, she wanted to move herself forward in, in terms of whatever her image was. The young lady that I knew that I interacted with was an ex profoundly beautiful spirit. Mm. It broke my heart when we lost her man. Alright, well There you have it. Season two. Thank you. Just thank you Miss Lindo it out now. God bless y'all. We thank you for joining us. Kerry Washington Delroy Lindo, Mr. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank you guys. God bless y'all. Thank you. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess Aria Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Let's get to just with the mess. News is real weather.


Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do no Lie. She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it door. So Pop Smoke's mother speaks on his killer during interviews. So she sat down with TT Torres, his mother's name is Audrey Jackson Tt. Yep. See she recently did an interview with TT and during the conversation TT bought up the fact that block star who participated in my pop smokes murder has been doing interviews since his release from prison.


If, you don't remember This is some of what he said in an interview with Adam 22 that we reported on last week. I'm not sorry about nothing. No it should never happened. But I ain't sorry. Like if I could go back, I'll go back. But I ain't sorry like die every day like he was rapping about it all type of shit. So I ain't, I ain't sorry about it but You know I sent my condolence into the family. And I wish it never happened. But I don't regret nothing. He ain't learned Not a damn thing. Nothing. The last four years he was in prison. How old is he? The Be like what, 2021 now I guess.


Guess what A clown Like 17 they were 17. 18. 16. Yeah. I think it was like 2021 now. Yeah. And you want to say he don't know no better but that is the age to know better, right? Yeah. Especially if he sat down for a couple of years. You would think he would James mentality to think about it. Yeah, it was kind of Why you an interview Because it was like he I, I don't know but he was on no Jumper. I have no idea. But it's contradicting because he was like, if I could go back I would, but I'm not sorry 'cause the things that he rapped about, like so like what? What are you talking about? It just, are you sorry or not? Would you go back and do it differently or not? 'cause he said the same. He said both of them in the same interview.


So I have no idea. But this is what Pop smoke's mother had to say about it. I'm not tuned into that. It's not so much that I'm closing it out, it's that it's just not a part of my world. And I felt a way when you just said that he was being disrespectful. 'cause I've been told that he's been interviewing and being disrespectful. And I gotta let that go. 'cause that lead me up. Yeah. I gotta let that go. Yeah, because the bottom line is your life is over. If that's his approach to what he's done, life is done for him. Yeah. Don't none of this sit right with my spirit. I don't even like the, I don't even like the energy. Like some things you just gotta ignore. But the thing is like as his mom, how can you ignore it?


And he is on like he's doing interviews. Oh no, I'm not talking about his mom. I'm talking about he by Himself. Like I don't want that you there. I'm burnage. Yeah. I mean it's sad for his mom that his mom has to keep, I'm sure reliving this each and every time they hear it or somebody talks about it. So definitely always sending condolences. Absolutely. New Judge Reuses. Now is the Baltimore coming out in this word reuse or Reuse? Recused. Rescue. Yeah. Recused. Recused. Recused. Yo said it's rescued. He Yo you must said rescue. What's that rescue he tried to fix you rescued Recu. Recuse me. Wish it was Rescued, but it is Recused. Reuse the case. So me Judge Reuses herself from YSO case Judge Cha.


And she Might be rescuing herself though. Yeah. She might be at just two days. She has been taken off of the case or whatever. We have the report, The new judge set to oversee the YSL Rico trial that we just told you about this week. Well she just Recused


Welcome to good game with Sarah Spain. Your one-stop shop for the biggest stories in women's sports every day I am bringing you the stakes, stats, stars, and stories to keep you up to date. If you're new to women's sports, welcome. Can't wait to show you around. And if you've been around, let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. We want good game to be just like women's sports. The best of the competition, teamwork and rivalries that we love. Minus the toxic masculinity and drunken brawls. Where else but women's sports? Do we see a player passing her ex-wife on the WBAs all time leading scorer list. And then watch her new fiance, teammate and MVP candidate talk about it afterward on SportsCenter. Shout out to Dawana Bonner and Alyssa Thomas the tea y'all. The tea is so good. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect those stories and all aspects of women's sports. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to good game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This Is not an episode is a promo You know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece Trap Nerds. Trap nerds real he never hurt. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. The World Point, Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I, oh God. Just see, I mean the push shots of Road. We'll see, I'll be down. Make You know. Gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective. I, I think if Bold Male hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Breach. We Giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I, I'll stand for Lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude. I hate you so much, man. Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


But we loved is a podcast about queer history. I'm Jordan Gonsalves, your host. Growing up I thought being gay was the worst thing I could ever be. The gay history I learned was tragic. Jerry had died of aids and it's like, what is happening? It was survival. That's why it's called survival sex. But as I interviewed queer elders, I realized there was another history that I had never been taught. A history of courage and perseverance. I wanted to take control of my story and not be ashamed of it. And it was a history full of love. The joy we found in saying husband again and again and again was incredible. And while learning this new queer history from my elders, I realized they had so much wisdom to pass down. The key is to understanding yourself, learning to love and embrace yourself For iHeartPodcasts. I'm Jordan Gonsalves and this is, but we loved listen to, but we loved on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Andrea Gunning host of the all new podcast There and Gone. It's a real life story of two people who left a crowded Philadelphia bar, walked to their truck and vanished. Nobody hears anything. Nobody sees anything. Did they run away? Was it an accident or were they murdered a truck And two people just don't disappear. The FBI called it Murder for Hire. It was Definitely murder for hire for Danielle, not for Richard. He's your son and in your eyes he's innocent. But in my eyes, he's just some guy my sister was with. In this series, I dig into my own investigation to find answers for the families and get justice for Richard and Danielle. Listen to their and Gone South Street on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds all walks of life who come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. But what you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is? I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. Unlike my work as a music artist and executive, I unlock diverse, thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change, we for our feeling supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, at the same Time. But You know what I'm saying. But you got, they just want a woman period. Every Monday, listen to perspective with Bank on Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Herself only two days after being assigned to this case. The person now assigned to oversee these proceedings is Judge Paige Reese Whitaker, who's also served on the Superior Court of Fulton County since 2017. So a new judge here, judge Shakira Ingram, she chose to step away from the case citing her court's former assigned deputies allegations relating to A YSL defendant in a written order. Judge Ingram said the deputy could be called as a witness in any future proceedings. So she had replaced Judge Oral Glenville, who was recused from the case on Monday. His removal came following complaints about a private meeting he held last month with prosecutors and a witness, but not with any defense attorneys present.


Well that's good. She recused herself. Yeah. That's the second one though. So I'm, I'm wondering where does this case go? Like You know you think about it, thug just gotta sit there while they gotta find another judge go through the process again. I don't understand why he can't, he can't at least get a bond at this point. At this point. At least give the brother a bond so he can come home. You know, I, I don't know, I guess beyond house arrest or something, but like to be sitting in jail, having to fight this case when they don't even have this case together. It's Not even a case. They can't even fight. Yeah. Can't even fight a case. 'cause they don't have a judge. I tell you one thing though. I saw the judge that they got on the case. Now The white woman, that White woman, she don't look like she play. Yeah, she I seen that Yesterday. Don't look, she playing good. Yeah, that didn't look, that didn't look too, too promising.


But I still feel like they don't have no case at this point. I really don't know why they haven't dismissed this case all together and it's been, it should be a mistrial. And it's been what, how long they been going back and forth for? Two, two years. About two years. Two years. Two. Jesus Christ Feel like longer than that. I don't even Know for Yeah, it does feel like. Yeah. And nothing has come about anyway. Brandon, Casey accident. So Brandon from Jagged Edge revealed that he was in the hospital recovering from a car accident. Yo, this is crazy. The way this car looks. These are his injuries. He has a broken neck, broken ribs, skull fracture and scalp lacerations. He was recovering at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia. He also shared that he was in the ICU for five days following accident.


And on social media, he wrote, after he posted the the car, God got me. It's like something Keep trying to take me off this planet. God keep telling them, nope, not him. Not yet. All praises to the most high, most awesome, most wonderful God. Thank you Lord from your most loyal soldier. Yo, if y'all could see this car, it's like, it was like the hawk got mad and Mm. Y'all see it? Hell yeah. Oh Wow. Crazy. Yeah. And he said he usually don't post things like this, but he wanted to know that. He wanted people to know it just wasn't no law fender bender, like he should be dead. Did he say what happened? Was he did somebody?


Nope. He didn't hit him or nothing. Nope. Nope. He did not clarify that. He just posted a picture of the wreck. Wow. And he wanted us to know how serious that it is. But God always got him Hooked. So God bless. Bless that brother. I'm, I'm glad he knows he's still here for a reason. Absolutely. Absolutely. That's what most of his posts was about. So I love seeing that. But yeah, so prayers to him and his family, but that is just for the mess for the second hour. All right, thank you Jess Charlamagne. Who even that donkey too, Man. Four after the hours, man. Four after the hour is just a another reminder of why I feels good to be a faithful black man. We'll discuss. Alright. And then after that, You know Jess, fix my mess. If, you need relationship advice or any type of adv advice you could get on the phone lines right now.


(800) 585-1051 donkey. The days up next. The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same people in America. I already got Bronx trouble. It's for donkey day. We in the suck. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Four. He laughed. Why does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange views? I Dunno If I catch all As we traffic. I whipper my y'all. It's just one of the many wacky news Stories out Of Florida on The Breakfast Club.


Oh Man. Oh, Kodak doggie. Today for Thursday, July 18th goes to a Florida man, simply known as aj. Now what does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. See, I saw some body cam footage. Okay, there's some body cam footage that was released that shows two female Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission officers questioning. A man identified his AJ and his girlfriend on a boat somewhere in the Florida Keys. It all started because the two officers told the couple they were searching the area for a different vessel in their jurisdiction. And lo and behold, cops discovered that AJ and his girlfriend didn't have IDs on them and the boat he was operating was breaking a number of codes.


So AJ starts to get agitated and ask the officers if they're just out here trying to catch people breaking laws on the water, the cops replied and just let AJ know, Hey, we're just doing our job. AJ starts to get pissed off. So one of the officers asked AJ say, bro, you got a warrant out because people only start acting like this because they've got a warrant. AJ's girlfriend tells him to relax. You're freaking out. So AJ being the Florida man, he is tells the officers, so what happens if I jump in the water and just swim away? The officer tells aj, I'm gonna follow you. I'm telling you you're not free to leave. Then the cop looks and realizes AJ does have a warrant out. So AJ says, I'm going to swim home. AJ's girlfriend says, aj, I swear to God, If, you jump in that water.


I'll be gone tomorrow. Then AJ's girlfriend did something that is one of the greatest sources of anxiety for men all around The. World. She asked for the password, the AJ's phone In the middle of all this. Yes. What happens next is insane and 99% of the country. But it's just a perfectly normal Sunday in Florida. Let's go to A B, C News 25 Columbia for the report please. A Florida man jumped into the ocean. Why? To avoid getting arrested for priors and more importantly, being jailed permanently by giving his girlfriend his phone passcode. Oh goodness. Now this video from the Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission shows AJ's girlfriend repeatedly trying to get him to calm down with his attitude leading the officers to try and arrest him for an outstanding warrant.


He said he'd rather not go to jail on a Sunday because he'd have to spend the night. His girlfriend then pulled out his phone and repeatedly asked him to unlock it, telling him she can't help him unless it's unlocked. So what does he do? Well, he grabs the phone, then feet on the edge, bend at the knees back stiff as aboard and spring. He dove right in the water where he proceeded to try and swim home. Cops jumped in, handcuffed him and passed him off to a police officer waiting on the shore. The thought of that Florida man, AJ having to give up his passcode. Turn that man into Michael Phelps.


Okay? I read stories like this and all I think to myself is, damn it feels good to be a faithful black man. Drop on a clues, bombs for us. Faithful black men don't have those problems and don't want those problems. That's right. Nothing makes you feel more free than just handing you a woman your phone with no worries or guilt. You be like, baby, look at this video and just hand her your phone. Video can be a whole minute. 30 seconds, sometimes even two. When you a faithful black male, you don't care. You walk out the room, let her walk, let her look at it, come back. If the phone locks while she's walking, when she asks you what's the passcode, you can't wait to tell her. In fact, if you're really doing it right, she already know your passcode. Okay? But if she don't, you say it loud and proud. Like Mike Jones used to say his phone number.


(281) 330-8004. Okay? When you a faithful black male, you are excited and happy to share the password to your phone. The same way those of us born in the 19 hundreds was proud and excited to share the contra code. Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. Ba start. B-B-A-B-A. Select start. Sir, it's ba. A b, a select start. Yeah, ba. A ba. Select start. Damn, I'm still lying about my passcode. Think about all the sharks, stingrays, gators, NAOs. That could have been in that water and he would've rather the G his eat his ass than have his girlfriend catch him eating some ass. That's not hers. Last time I saw a man jump in the water with no hesitation, like that was the young brother from the Montgomery riverfront brawl drop on a coose bombs for that young brother.


By the way, he might not have been cheating. He just didn't want his girlfriend to see his web browser history. That alone can be a red flag. Okay? Nope. You heard him say nobody wants to go to jail on a On a a Sunday. Right? 'cause he wouldn't get out till Monday. That's very true. Nobody wants to go on to jail on a Sunday. But in that moment, he had to weigh his options. Spend the night in jail. Okay. With a mentally ill person. Nickname Stink shank. Mm. Or give your girlfriend the four digit PenFed to get access to your phone. That man chose swimming with gators and shocks. Okay. All right. He didn't want option A or B, he had other plans. God bless. And we don't have to play a game of, guess what race it is because we know black men don't cheat and black men can't swim.


Psych. Psych. Okay. That is a false stereotype. We came out to penis swimming. All right, I've been swimming since I was a sperm. All right, please give AJ from Florida the biggest. He haw. All right, GHE. Did they break up? Oh yeah, she gone. He said, he said they They said that in the news report. Damn, They so nosy. You sure it was a select starting that contra car? I don't remember. No. Select. I think it was up, up, down, down. Left, right, left, right. Ba start is ba. A, b, a. Select start. Nah, I think it was just ba start. It's ba. It's BA, BA. It is BA, BA.


I don't think it's no ba A, B, A, bro. I think it's up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. B, a start. It's select Start pagers and beers. It's BA B next. I think it's two bas bro. It is two bas. I don't know not to get 30 lives in contract. Yes it is. What Are y'all talking about? A video Game. Contra code. It was came out before you were something Born. Something in the nineties. Oh, 1900. Born 19. What year was you born Jeff? 92 When Contra came out. Contra might have came out in the late eighties. Yeah, up there it is. Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. It's, this is not right. This Is right. No, this ain't never, never wanted to be right when I'm right. This it was never it. Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right.


Ba start. I don't remember. No bas ba select. No, it's ba Select Start. No it's not. It's up, up, down, up, down, down. Left, right, left, right. Ba start. I bet somebody I'm Gonna pull my video game out later. Right now. I can't remember now. Now you confused me. Alright all, well thank you for that donkey today. And if you're on social media, please hit hit me up. I would love to know If, You weather the right one. The code to get 30 lives in Contra was up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. Ba thought some things you don't forget like your house phone number growing up. I still remember that You. Know what I'm saying? Your grandma phone number growing up. I still remember that. And the Contra Cult. I thought I remember that. All right. But anyway, up next is Jess. Fix my mess.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If, you need some fixing of your mess. Call Jess right now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club X about me. Relationship problems X about me If, you need To beat your coworkers ass. Ask about me. Your Coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up Dr. Jess. I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my Mess. And we have, what's your name bro? Kylen. What's up Kylen? What's up? What's your question for Jess?


Yo, what's up Jess? What's that? So I'm 21. I, I was dating this girl like before the summer for like a month. It was like my first time dating, but then like randomly like after or we, we went on, we were like talking for three weeks and then went on one date. Then after the date she, she like, I asked her, would you wanna do another one? She was like, nah, this summer I wanna focus on the Lord and and work and stuff. This, this summer And. I was wondering, summers almost up And. I was wondering if I should, yeah. But she was like, I, I appreciate your friendship, but I was wondering if I should hit her up back up after this summer and see if she wants to like date again or I don't know. Yeah. What have you been doing this summer? I've been doing an internship and yeah, just hanging out with family because we're, we're in college so I haven't been able to go back up there.


Okay. Well I think you should. I think you should. I think I, I like her honesty. I like what You know. She told you she just wanted to focus on the Lord. Whether that be may be true or not, she still You know, told you, gave you a reason that she didn't wanna be in a relationship in the summer. Now whether she a city girl or not, we don't know, but You know how You know the summers get with the girls and they young y'all only 21. Is she only 21 too? Yeah, she's 21. Yeah, I mean she could be telling the truth, but You know. We don't know. But I think I like, I mean I like how she kept it honest with you. You hit her back up, you missed her. You wanna see her again, you about to be back at school. Yeah. I don't see a problem with you hitting her up. Okay. Because I was getting like a lot of mixer responses from my, my boys and stuff.


So like, yeah, don't Listen to your boys. It's all Right. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. And then listen, maybe she had to get that, had to get that out her system for the summer. You know school is stressful. I imagine that y'all, y'all go through things in school and y'all be needing You know some vacation and maybe her summer was her vacation and she didn't wanna be feel obligated to be in a relationship. You know maybe she ready for it now. Maybe the Lord told her it's time to sit down and see what's up with you. So hit her back up. Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. All right. Yeah. Thank you. That's good advice. No problem. Alright brother. Good luck. See y'all solo man. DJ Mv Thank you. Shout out Akashi. Shout Out what? My akashi. It's a new rapper. K kw.


He's in blowing up right now. Time out you To get me. You think you're about to get me? You're not about to get me. You wasn't about to get me. You thought you about to get me. He not about to get me. Alright, Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need some mess to be fixed. Call her now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Pull up In your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it. Fix my mess. Fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix your mess because my advice is real Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. When it we're in the middle of Jess. Fix my mess. Hello. Who's this? Yes, this is Alito McCoy. I'm calling from Berg on North Carolina. Hey, what's up brother? What's your question for Jess? My question for Jess, I need her to help me fix my mess.


My wife is 42. I'm 48 and it's her fourth child she's pregnant with and it's my eighth child. And You know when the pregnancy first started, she was very happy and was happy all the time. And just treating me, giving me all I want You know. And then now whenever I come home from work in the evening time, she's like, as soon as she see my faces, like she's mad with me. So I'm sitting out on the doorstep and sitting in the car You know just to not stress her out because I know her blood pressures went up a little bit. Her iron is low and stuff like that. And I'm just trying to figure out some things that maybe I can do to You know, make her feel better with, with just being pregnant. Also, You know I did the flowers candy, she and a candy person, I rub her feet sometimes that work, but it last for just a little while.


What would Jess know About this? She's Jamaican. Would I know about this anyway, so I'm 32 and pregnant. And I get irritated when I see my man's face sometimes just because You know we're hormonal but she's 10 years older than me. She's also in her forties and pregnant. First of all, congratulations on the fact that she's even like willing to have another one of your kids, sir. That's amazing. And I. Imagine that she's happy You know this is something that she wanted to do. Something that y'all both wanted, I imagine. But she's getting closer to birth, right? I mean what, what trimester is she in? How far is she? Hello sir. Damn. Yes. Her due date, her due date is September 3rd.


I'm sorry, my cheek mama hit the mute, but no, It's all good. So she's seven months pregnant? Yes. Yes. She's in her third trimester. Third. She's, you don't wanna be bothered with anything, anything i, I say just be there. Flowers probably won't make a difference. Keep on doing it 'cause it's the thoughts that, it is the thought that counts. Cook for her. Rub her feet. She's probably tired. Does she, is she a stay at home? Does she work? Yes. We actually have a business. She run that store like every day and then she come home and cook dinner. And I try to get her do get hire somebody to do more work and just do more managing. But she's just so independent. She, she's Jamaican, she's rock stuff for us. So You know, You know she's stuck in, she's gonna do it her way.


You know. Yeah. So let her do it her way, but Right, exactly. Let her do it her way. But you, you kind of like, you you gotta gotta like fall to her feet with this at this point until she give birth to this baby, she's doing a lot. So do what you can. Yeah. Rub her back, massage her, rub her down after a hot bath at night. Try to help her cook. Dammit. Damn. She run a store. Does she come home and she cook? Yeah. Well she, she won't, she won't eat my cooking and she showed me how to cook but she won't eat it. True. Like I cook country stuff like sausage and rice. She like hell. That's disgusting. You are not Jamaican, are you? Nah, I'm from North Carolina. I'm, I'm Charlemagne's next door neighbor. Oh my gosh. Okay.


So, so yeah. I can see why she's pissed all the time but like just until, until she had this baby or you just gotta understand it ain't really nothing that you can do but just be there. Even if she make it seem like she don't want you there, we really do, but we just get it's hormones. So you just got And I. I think that she wants me to get a vasectomy. That's What she said. And I. I, yes, she You know we talked about it around family You know. And that's, that's something that it's, it's something that happened in my family in the past. And I just can't, I haven't been able to make myself do it. And she says, well it's harder for you. It's harder for you than it's me. And I think that's part of it too. But we, we like got a stalemate with that. Like her getting her too tired of me getting, getting that done.


So I'm getting one. That's another issue. I'm getting one brother. If it makes you feel better, your country cousin getting one. Yeah. Yes sir. Yeah, I I'm, I'm thinking very serious about it. 'cause she says, well I'm having the babies the least you could do is that. Yeah. And that's making me feel some kind of way. So You know maybe that'll, maybe that'll work. But it's a story in my family that where my, our family member got one way back and it never worked no more And I. I'm like, I might lose with it. You know. Yeah. Well y'all need to. That's Something that I might Well y'all need to be careful with picking where y'all go to get it done. I mean, she's only getting older. She's not getting younger. I'm not saying she's old, but she's up in age. You know to keep care, having to carry children and actually take care from, take care of them You.


know what I'm saying? Like I imagine that's a lot of wear and tear on her body. She had four of 'em, you got eight of them. So yeah, y'all just off You. know what I'm saying? But we gotta carry these little mothers like we have to carry them. So I just want you to be mindful of that and that don't mean just because it happened to your family member or something like that, that it'll happen to you. So just be careful and didn't even y'all gotta go to therapy about it. Just talk to her about it. Be open-minded. Thank you. No problem. Appreciate You listening. Alright. I love y'all. Listen to y'all every morning. Thank you brother. Thank you. All right. That was just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Bobby Schurter said Rick Ross got him kicked off of a show.


All right, well we'll talk about that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the EJ Vy. Just a Larry. What? What you say? Oh's rapping off. What? What's wrong with you man? What? He he been kinky all more long behind the scenes. I Boy, shut up boy. I ain't no freaky ass dj. What's happening? How y'all Feeling out there? Good morning. You are. Let's get the J with the mess. You music real Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't She Don't spend nobody, nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship.


Welcome to good game with Sarah Spain, your one stop shop for the biggest stories in women's sports every day I'm bringing you the stakes, stats, stars, and stories to keep you up to date. If you're new to women's sports, welcome. Can't wait to show you around. And if you've been around, let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. We want good game to be just like women's sports. The best of the competition, teamwork and rivalries that we love. Minus the toxic masculinity in drunken brawls. Where else but women's sports? Do we see a player passing her ex-wife on the w NBA's all time leading scorer list. And then watch her new fiance, teammate and MVP candidate talk about it afterward on SportsCenter. Shout out to Dawana Bonner and Alyssa Thomas, the t y'all. The is so good. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect those stories and all aspects of women's sports. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to good game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode, it's a promo You. know what it is, promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds, trap nerd nerds real like you never Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. The World put Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I, oh God. Just see, I mean to push shots a road. We'll see, I'll be dealt You know, gonna be extra, extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective, I, I think if Bold male hadn't got fired, Kevin probably would be in trouble right now. Preach We giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I'll stand for Lightning. Why does she have three games? 'cause she a bad dude. I hate you so much. Listen to The Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black in effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


But we loved is a podcast about queer history. I'm Jordan, your host. Growing up I thought being gay was the worst thing I could ever be. The gay history I learned was tragic. Jerry had died of aids and it's like, what is happening? It was survival. That's why it's called survival sex. But as I interviewed queer elders, I realized there was another history that I had never been taught. A history of courage and perseverance. I wanted to take control of my story and not be ashamed of it. And it was a history full of love. The joy we found in saying husband again and again and again was incredible. And while learning this new queer history from my elders, I realized they had so much wisdom to pass down. The key is to understanding yourself, learning to love and embrace yourself. For iHeartPodcasts. I'm Jordan Gonsalves and this is, but we loved listen to, but we loved on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the all new podcast There and Gone. It's a real life story of two people who left a crowded Philadelphia bar, walked to their truck and vanished. Nobody hears anything. Nobody sees anything. Did they run away? Was it an accident or were they murdered a truck and two people just don't disappear. The FBI called it Murder for Hire. It was definitely Murder for hire for Danielle, Not for Richard. He's your son and in your eyes he's innocent. But in my eyes, he's just some guy my sister was with. In this series, I dig into my own investigation to find answers for the families and get justice for Richard and Danielle. Listen to their and Gone South Street on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds. All walks of life will come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. What you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is? I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically, if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. I like my work as a music artist and executive. I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feeling supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, at the same time. But You know what I'm saying? But you got, they just want a woman period. Every money. Listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. So Bobby Smurter on being kicked off tour, he hopped on Instagram yesterday to address Rick Ross after he claimed that he was kicked off of Rick Ross tour. That's what he said. Rick Ross, bro. Like I really, so it was like, why you ain't calling me big homie? Why I gotta get the call from talking about Yo Rick Ross kicked you off the show. I I, we, we, we worked with, I got the call from Barbados. They like, yo You know we do a lot of business with Rick Ross and we don't think Bobby's good for the show and this and that. Like, come on bro. Bro, I I don't no beef or none of that independent. First of all, I'm beefing with higher powers in the industry already.


I already know who I, I talked to. I already got You. know what I'm saying? But my whole thing is though, why like they like yo MMG called and said, yo, we don't want Bobby sch murder on the show, bro. I'm 30 years old bro. Why you got, you could have called me big homie. Yeah. He apparently believes he was kicked off the tour because he made a video laughing at Rick Ross after his altercation in Canada. Okay. Yeah. It's supposed To be audio of that. Oh, we got audio Of that. Yo, I just see what happens son. Yo, Yo.


Okay, so if he did something that upset Ross and Ross decided he didn't want him on a tour no more. I, I can understand that. I could definitely understand that. And that laugh came from the diaphragm. Like the diaphragm. Like that was funny. That's the same way I had laughed. His main issue with being removed from the toys that Rick Ross didn't call him personally. 'cause apparently he called him to put him on there. You know. So he just basically had somebody tell him, You know like a middleman or whatever. Like, nah, we don't want you on the tour. But Bobby since then has deleted the video addressing Rick Ross. So I guess we gonna wait to see if he back on there or if he ain't. But I mean, I agree with the decision. I mean it is what it is.


Salute the Bobby s murder because It was very embarrassing. Yeah. Salute the Bobby Sm murder. Bobby Sm murder been having the time, man. Like not only this, but he said he, he be beefing with other powers too. Like people trying to stop him from making music and all That. He changed his life. He changed his life since he came home. He's been trying to do nothing but positive trying to stay away from the streets. So salute Bobby Murder, he just look happy does, he's a person that's happy to be outta jail. Some of y'all get outta prison and y'all just be looking like y'all want go back. You talk like you want to go back. You act like you want to go back. Bobby don't act like that at all. Bobby Ab the time of his life moved to Bobby Schmurda Having all the fun and other Bobby News. Bobby Elof addresses rumors. So You know the girl. Y'all know the girl who does the, the dry witty interviews like funny Marco.


All right, so she was recently Doing an interview with NLE Chopper to promote her next interview. No, she did some behind the scenes footage with him to pro promote her next interview with an Ellie Chopper. And in the video she had on a T-shirt and it say, is we effing or what You know. So of course people speculate. People already been talking about her saying that she like to f people that she interviews or whatever. And this specific comment didn't sit right with her. It said, damn, get divorced. Choosing fame over your now ex-husband just to get passed around by different guys weekly. Now Charlemagne, you always say this like, we don't know these people, but this is a frequent comment that she has ignored for over a year and she got fed up.


She said, I never respond to this comment that I've been getting a million times a day for the last year, but I'm really sick of seeing it. Anyone who says stuff like this is so effing ignorant. You don't know why my marriage ended we're both so much happier apart than we ever were together. That's now our kids. It's good now that our kids get to see us to be happy instead of seeing zero happy with us being together. I've never slept with someone that I interviewed. And, I don't sleep around. And I rarely even go out. But you guys can't effing believe that a woman can be around men without sleeping with them. It's so frustrating. I can't post a single thing without comments about how I'm being passed around.


Maybe you guys do that in your culture, but not over here. Say No, Shane ain't say that. You said That. She Said that. No, I don't, I don't know about No Shane say that last part, but she is pissed. Like And I would be too. I don't know about the rarely go out part because I mean, like you said, yeah, she, we don't see these people every day, but every time I see her, she outside, she, she ain in places I wouldn't go. Yeah, Absolutely Facts. But I mean she wore a T-shirt all we after or no You know and she wore That's a song though. That's a song lyric. Well, she please, She's wearing it to play into the, the stereotype and people ask questions like, what do expect? Well, she should've wore a Hawk to a T-shirt. Okay. Then they would really think it All right, real, real. Get you one. You really into that one. And You know what NLE Chopper is big on his sexual content.


So everybody was just assuming that they had been messing around and things like that. But I, I really felt full 'cause the, this, the last excerpt that she had wrote, she said like, do you really believe that it was my dream in life to be a divorced mom of two kids by 25? Obviously not. I'm obviously insecure about it and wish things played out differently in my life. Somebody thinking of they stuff she wanna be black so bad, She was pissed about. They all leave that girl alone. York leave Her alone. And The Greater News Usher is nominated for three Emmys for his Super Bowl halftime performance. Drop a bomb for Usher for Us. Love it. What, what? Ever since Roc Nation Nation took over the Super Bowl performances, they all get nominated for What'd you say that was?


He eat three different nominations. So outstanding variety. Special, but what Award out Oh, Emmy's. Emmy's, yes. They always eat those. Yep, Yep, yep. Three Emmys. Yep, yep, yep. And this is his first time being recognized by the Emmy's, like his first Emmy recognition. But the categories are outstanding variety, special outstanding lighting, design, lighting direction for a variety, special and outstanding technical direction and camera work for a special Whatever it is. He should win all three. Yes. Oh, a hundred percent. He definitely, he definitely, I don't even know who he's going against, but he should win all three. And it was the most watched Super Bowl halftime show in history. 129.3 million viewers. Wow. Yeah. I think they've won for every one thus far.


Rihanna won one. Dr. Dre Snoop won one. Won one. Yep. Who else had, who else they did so far? I can't remember right now. Mm. Did the weekend one one the weekend one was the first one, right? Or was the first one? I didn't, I don't think he won one, but, but yes, I'm actually proud of Usher. So that's what's up. That's good to end the day on that. That's Jess with the mess for the third hour. Thank you Jess. Mm. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in. Now is the Breakfast Love. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We gotta salute Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo for joining us today on prison. Season two is out right now on Hulu. Those are the type of people that I can have macro conversation with for a long time.


Like I could sit here and have big conversations with Delroy, Lindo and Kerry Washington literally for all day. Like You know, they, their publicists had to pull them out. Yeah, yeah. I know That's, they literally, but they tried 10 minutes beforehand and we just For a little bit Delroy was in here having a great conversation, man. That's right. So it was Ms. Washington, so thank you. And yeah, like NBC go check out Unprisoned. Absolutely. On Hulu. Alright, we come back, we got the positive note. It's The Breakfast Club. You say, hold on, hold on. You say Jeff, I saw the preview. It looked really good. It does. Yeah. This is season two. Season one looks dope. I'm, I'm gonna try to watch it this weekend if I have a, if I, if I get some time because it looks really good. All right. When we come back, we got the positive note in more.


So don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's TEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Now it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Yeah, I just wanna thank my guy Stephen Colbert. I was on the Late show last night, the live late show. So I was there at one in the morning and then waking up at four in the morning to come here to talk to y'all on The Breakfast Club. So appreciate everybody who checked it out last night and make sure you go get my new book, get Honest Us or Die Line Watch. Small Talk sucks available everywhere you buy books now. Now my positive note comes from the great Wayne W. Dyer You know I love Wayne Dyer. He wrote The Power of Intention. I want somebody to remember this on this fine Thursday.


It makes no sense to worry about the things you have no control over because If, you have no control over them. It makes no sense to worry about them. And also it makes no sense to worry about the things you do have control over because If, you have control over them. It makes no sense to worry about them either. Okay, have a blessed Day Breakfast Club Bitches. I'm Finish. Or y'all done


Welcome to Good Game with Sarah Spain, your one-stop shop for the biggest stories in women's sports every day I'm bringing you the Stake Stars, stats and stories to keep you up to date. If you're new to women's sports, welcome and if you've been around, let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect the teamwork competition and rivalries that we love to watch. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Yo, It's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with bank podcasts will feature individuals all walks of life will come together to share their unique perspective and engaging, enlightened conversation. This podcast will explore all type of conversations from everyday people, your favorite celebrities. Every Monday, listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, wherever you get your podcast. Presented by at and t connecting changes everything.


Hi, I am Katie Lowes. And I'm Guillermo Diaz. And we're the hosts of Unpacking the Toolbox, the Scandal Rewatch podcast where we're talking about all the best moments of the show mesmerizing, but also we get to hang out with all of our old scandal friends like Bellamy Young, Scott Foley, Tony Goldwyn, Debbie Allen, Kerry Washington. Well suit Up gladiators. Grab your big old glass of wine and prepare yourselves for an even more behind the scenes stories with unpacking the toolbox. Listen to unpacking the toolbox on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, Or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, parents, looking for something fun to listen to in the car with your kids. Blippy and Mika have a brand new podcast, Blippy and Mika's Road trip. Each week the Blippy Mobile will take your kids to amazing places your kids will learn awesome new things about the places and things they see and hear. It's a fun interactive listening experience for the whole family. Listen to Flippy and Mika's Road trip on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.