
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, oo, ODU has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com


J's hilarious and c The Breakfast Club. Thank y'all for being Coach Family The. Breakfast Club is where people get the information on the topics, on the artist and everything. Like You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like you guys watch, You're locked into the world's most dangerous morning show In the Bronx. If. you wanna break this flu? You ain't gonna bring it. 120 minus will not come up here. Jesus. This what y'all Grew up to. That's right. Get up out the beds and listen to the greatest show on Earth. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo.


Just hilarious. It's still on maternity leave. What's up Lauren Osa. Good morning. Charlamagne is running a little late and it's Monday. Yes. How you feeling, Lauren? I'm still a little tired, but I do feel, I feel great, but I am still a little tired. It Was a long weekend. It was a long, the weekend felt like it was like five days this weekend. Yeah. It felt, it felt very long. First salute to everybody out in Vegas. We had our iHeart radio festival over the weekend, and iHeart Radio Music Festival, I should say. So many different artists performing from Big Sean, Victoria, Monet, the Weekend, Doja, cat, Shazi. It was just a dope experience. The new kids on the Block, that's what we, they have the festival each and every year in Vegas.


They mix all genres of music. So you might hear r and b, you might hear rap, you might hear country all on one stage. The legends new artists. So I was out there for that on Friday, which was pretty dope. Rick got, got to run into a whole bunch of artists. I seen Gwen Stefani perform and Kill It. I seen Camilla Keo. She killed it Big. Sean killed it. Then after that, I flew to dc. I was in DC for the Battle of the eight U Hampton University versus Howard University. 25,000, over 25,000 people in the building at Audi Field, salute to Audi Field. Sold out Their stadium was so, I was so, their stadium was so big, like my school games, Uhuh, we, I ain't never experienced, like, never seen that like that.


No. I'm like, this is like a huge, And Stadium tailgating had like another 20,000 people out there. Oh, see, I missed all that. Yeah, you were late. I was a little late now, Lauren, but I was right on time. Lauren came and she came three hours late. Fashionably late. It's never late. Three Hours late to the point where they shut down the, the the box office. Yes, bitch. I had to send somebody to actually go get her, because I got There and then they were like, oh, tickets can't transfer anymore. And I was like, why? And she was like, because it's like fourth quarter. I was like, but that means they're still playing. Right? Jesus Christ. Yeah. So did you, did you find somebody out in DC is a great place. There's a lot of bachelors out there, A lot of alumni, a lot of HBCU Alumni. No one, not no one at the game, but You know you were right. You was like, you should come to dc.


I think it's cool people here. I definitely like dc It's okay. It's a nice place. All Right. So, okay. Alright. So you have somebody. So you, you had a great time. I Had a amazing time. I had a great time. And I. Gotta see my family too. Okay. I, my cousins and my aunt lives there, so I got to see them as well. But yeah, I love dc. It's a great place. Okay. Alright. Great things happen. I told you now I salute to Hampton University. Of course, we won. I think this is like the seventh or eighth year in a row that Hampton actually won. So hopefully we'll be with you guys next year as well. Well, let's get the show cracking. Of course. We got front page News. Morgan, what will be joining us? Your breakdown, everything that happened over the weekend, we got a lot going on, so don't go anywhere as The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jessa. Let's get in some front page news. Now, before we jump into the news. Let's jump in some quick sports. Yesterday, my New York Giants beat the Browns 2115. So now we have the same record as the Cowboys who lost to the Ravens. 28, 25. Now the Eagles beat the Saints 1512 Vikings beat the Texans Packers beat the Titans. Broncos beat the Buccaneers. Colts beat the Bears. Steelers beat the charges. Panthers beat the Raiders. The Lions beat the Cardinals. The chief beat, the Falcons, the Rams beat. The 49 ERs and the Seahawks beat the Dolphins. Now tonight, who plays tonight? Jacksonville Jaguars and the Buffalo Bills. And Monday Night Football.


And what else we got Morgan? Good morning and Morning. Good morning. Is that why Charlamagne not here? He ain't one that smoke. 'cause I was gonna talk to smack about these Ravens whooping On. We got the same, we got the same record. We got the same record. We all got the same record. I don't get too much into that though. You know. They, they had me on, on the edge of my seat at the La You. know the last of the game. So Woo. Okay. But we, we pulled it out first. One of the, the Ravens. Anyways, let's get into, we're watching some situation come out of Alabama. Birmingham, to be exact Alabama police are confirming at least four people are dead and they have been killed and dozens more injured in a multiple shooting in a Birmingham Entertainment district. This happened yesterday morning. Late Saturday night, early Sunday morning, Birmingham police officer Truman Fitzgerald told reporters that authorities are ready to hunt down the suspects who are still at large.


Let's hear from Officer Truman Fitzgerald. Rest assured, we are going to do everything we possibly can to make sure that we uncover, identify, and hunt down who was ever responsible for preying on our people this morning. These mass shootings have more to do with culture than they do criminality. Mayor Randall Wolfen said it best. This week we're seeing far too many arguments being settled by bullets. So the Birmingham Police say, officers were called out to the five point South area just after 11:00 PM on Saturday night and found three people with gunshot wounds who were later pronounced dead at the scene. They are identified as a nitra Holloman 21, and Beem from Bessemer, 27-year-old Taj Booker and a 27-year-old Carlos McCain, also from Birmingham.


A fourth victim d later died at the hospital and has yet to be identified. And it is unclear if the shooters were in a vehicle or on foot. Those suspects, however, are still on the loose. And we will continue to watch out as that situation develops from Birmingham, Alabama. Very, very sad. Absolutely. Being of shootings, the US C service is taking responsibility for the alleged failure failures leading to July's assassination attempt that came within millimeters of ending the life of former President Trump. And a briefing held over the weekend. In, in, in the nation's capital Acting director, secret Service acting director, Ronald Rowe, described communication deficiencies between law enforcement personnel and in over-reliance on mobile devices that enabled the Wouldbe assassin to fire multiple rounds at Trump before counters.


Snipers took him out in Butler, Pennsylvania. Roe used the term complacency to describe the failure of some agents to voice legitimate concerns prior to the rally. Now this comes at the same time. Authorities believe the man who shot at former President Trump, or excuse me, was getting ready to shoot at former President Trump on the Florida golf course. He's scheduled to appear in court today. Were a detention hearing a 58-year-old Ryan Wesley Ruth. He's been charged with possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and possession and receipt of a firearm with an obliterated serial number. So he was caught not long after Secret Service agents allegedly saw him sticking a rifle out of the bushes at Trump's golf course. And he ran, but was later caught by authority.


So we'll keep our eye on that situation as well. This comes at the same time that former President Trump. Now, he says he will not be taking part in another debate. He made those comments while speaking at a rally in Wilmington, North Carolina on Saturday. Trump told supporters there shouldn't be another presidential debate because voting has already started. In some states that is true. Early voting is underway in some states. Let's hear more comments from President or former President Trump in regards to that. The Problem with another debate is that it's just too late voting has already started. She's had her chance to do it with Fox. You know. Fox invited us on And. I waited and waited and they turned it down.


Yeah. So on Saturday, Harris accepted the invitation for another debate on October 23rd, moderated by CNN. But here Trump is saying, Nope, nevermind. It's too late. Voting has already studied in some of the states. Yeah. Smart decision for him. He didn't wanna get washed again. Yeah, no, you're right. I I, I agree with you on that one. But on the other side, in the seven o'clock hour we will talk, we'll get caught up with by BP Harrison where she's been on the campaign trail over the weekend. That's your five page news. I'm working wood. Alright. What up Charlamagne? How are Oh, he's here. Hello. Hi. How's everybody? We're doing good. Doing okay. I feel blessed. Black and all favor.


What you smiling for? I like smiling. I can't smile. I don't know. I always get a little Nervous when you giddy. Have something to say to this gentleman. Morning A with New Orleans. Raven Flock. Raven flock A. What happens? You guys haven't seen B. You had an edible last night, man. Last night. Yeah. Had to take New Orleans. He definitely had edible last night. This Weekend was good Up until four o'clock Yesterday. That was me yesterday. I was still so hung over from Saturday. Was it Saturday? Saturday. Saturday. I hung over from the weekend. Yes. I had a great weekend in New Orleans. Man. Slew to everybody I saw in New Orleans. Man. Had a great time. Lot of good food. Did you get grilled oysters or Char Oyster?


I did. I was at Monroe. I went to Morrows. Morrows. I went to Mor. What? What? I said morose. Morrows Morrows. Look to my guy Larry. I was there Friday, Friday night and I went to Morros steak Saturday night as, Ooh, how's The steak? I've never been to Mor Morrow Steak. My wife said it was really good. I had something else. I had a lobster tail. Ooh. With this mushroom mushroom pasta at Morro Steak. Oh my God. Listen man, new Orleans is an amazing place. I love it. Okay, love it. Love beautiful people in New Orleans. You hear me? Yes. Now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent full lines to wide open. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club.


Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charla man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now. Here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this heavy? What's good? It's Kev. Kev. What up? Get it off your chest. All I wanted to ask you a question I wanted with a reverse L card. Do you have like a tender policy? Because Charlemagne come late every day. That's not true. I come late every other day. Anything else you wanna lie about on this radio this morning? Guess not. Hello? Hello. Who's this Morning? Morning Breakfast Club.


What's up y'all? If, you boy. Dingo. AKA Tyler. What up Tyler? What up Dingo? Get it off your chest Tyler. Hey man, it's been so long since I talked to y'all man. But hey, this a loaded one so let me get it off my chest please. 'cause I am frustrated. So I am out here on vacation. And I came out the beautiful Turks and Caicos Island for my birthday. I just celebrated on September 18th. Congratulations King. All the Virgo. Thank you man. Thank y'all. But like I was a five day trip. Still come back Sunday. Right? So I get on the, I get in the airport with my lady go through customs, right? They stop me because apparently they found a bullet in my freaking fanny pack.


Jesus Christ. And, I didn't know, I didn't know what was going on with the news and all that. But they detained me. They arrested me. I'm just the middle of the night. And I had to pay like, like three grand just to leave just to be able to not be in a jail cell. Right. And, I didn't know the bullet was in there. Obviously they don't care. It was my sister fan Patch and You know she was the registered gun owner and You know it. I just explained that to 'em. They ain't really, they didn't give a, so no, right now I'm currently awaiting bail or I'm not. I'm awaiting trial so I gotta go to court. I'm stuck in Turks and Caicos right now and they trying to basically get me for either a, I don't know if it's a fine or jail time, but it could be both.


Yeah. That's crazy. And, I don't know what to do You. know what I'm saying? I just spent all my dope out here trying to get bail so I can be free. And I'm like, wow. Have You contacted that actually happen? Have you contacted a UN rep? The US council? A So they gave me a legal aid out here. So they gave me a legal aid. They said that they contacted the embassy for me. I couldn't get ahold of the embassy personally, but they, the cops out here told me that they contacted them and they let 'em know what was going on. So right now I'm just kind of in limbo. I just literally had to come with three K in the middle of the night in order to just be able to be free. So now I'm just stuck out here with a hundred dollars to my name. I'm chilling trying to just pray that I don't go to jail for this crap.


'cause I don't know what these guys are on out here, but apparently it's been all over the news about people. You know American women. Ammunition, And, I didn't know that though. That's not, Yeah, that, that's been happening all year long In Turks and K. Yeah, Apparently. Right. So that's where they given me on and it was literally one, one bullet. One bullet. It don't matter ammunition to ammunition. And they're gonna say it doesn't matter if that was your sister's bag or not. Once you had access to that bag, it, it is now in your possession. Yes. Damn. That is correct. And that's what they told me. And I'm like, wow. So I literally got a legal aid and I'm just waiting on court. I'm supposed to apparently go today or tomorrow, but I'm, I'm stuck out here man. And I'm freaked out and I'm like, what the, what the heck man.


So all y'all people, man, that's how I'm going to traveling to tur. Please check out luggage. Like just double check triple check fanny packs, check the in seams, all that. 'cause that's how they got me the, it wasn't even visible. It was in a corner, like a little tiny little slit in the fanny. And the crazy part is you got through, you got through the US airport no problem with that bullet in there. Yes. That sounded crazy though. You said, you said, you said it was in a little small slip. In a crack in the Fanny stop. He had to Run it. He had to run it through like multiple times. Tyler stress. I appreciate it bro. But Tyler, he's crazy man. Now Tyler's a long listening to The, Breakfast. Club If. you wanna put your cash app out there? Maybe somebody might help you out there.


You some, a couple of dollars to help you out until you get back, brother. Hey, I, I appreciate it man. 'cause I'm stuck. I'm, I'm at the mercy of the courts. But yeah, if anybody want to help a brother out, man my cash app is cash app sign BNGO dingo 0 9 2 5. That's it. BNGO 0 9 2 5. It'll say Tyler, it is got my little brand logo. But like for real. Y'all like, be careful when y'all traveling to Turks 'cause they are not playing around with Americans out here with that ammunition. They are not playing like this is some scary ass stuff. And, I. Just want y'all to just be prepared. 'cause this is scary y'all. Right. But if anybody can help a brother out, anybody got some legal aid, they can send my way.


Y'all know a senator out here or something. Y'all hit me up on my Instagram or something. 'cause your boy freaking out. Okay. Good luck Tyler. Keep us, keep us abreast of what's going on, please. I Will, I will once I, hopefully I get the heck outta here man. All right brother. Good luck. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not Just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello.


Who's this? Yo, This is Rob from New Orleans. Rob from New Orleans man, get it off your chest brother. Yo, what's up? Good morning guys. Good morning Lauren. Good morning. What's solo man? Enough? Yeah. Peace King. What's up brother? I would just want to get your flowers man. I was at the Ballwin couple Friday night, man. Put on a good sofa, man. Good conversation bro. Man. And I was, I was, I was hoping to get assigned, get my book signed and everything. But I understand it had a lot of people man. But we stood outside with Don. You was grateful you was graceful. King. And. I. Want to say if anybody, if, if God worked hard but Charlamagne the guy, security guards work harder, man. But I, I understand everything but everything was nice. But appreciate, appreciate you coming down. Wanna see the love brother?


Thank you brother Suit. Everybody I saw in New Orleans at Baldwin company on Friday night. An amazing, amazing bookstore. They are. I'll be back to Baldwin company though because I wanna, I wanna do a whole black privileged publishing thing out there. But man, when I say New Orleans came out on Friday night, saw new. It's dope. All those people was there for you. Oh no, that was something else. What you saw was the Inspire Nola. I was at Xavier University earlier that day. It was like 4,500 people there. But at Baldwin company, that was the event I did. And it was about, it was about 600 people out there. That's that was lit. Yeah. Stood to everybody that came out the ball with the company on Friday night in New Orleans. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, this is Shay.


Hey, what's up Shay? Get it off your chest. Love. Okay. Hey good morning Lauren. Yes. Oh God, you go ahead. I hear it in your voice. Don't sound like that. I hear in your voice. I about to say this love. Okay honey, I'm about to say this for love. You don't still have them braids do you? Damn. First of all I do. Damn. Ain't they freshly touched up at the time? My best friend, my best friend Can get together. Honey. She do Hair. Oh no, no, no. I got the best in town. His name is Dante the hairstylist. So when I'm ready On defense, When I'm ready to go, I'm gonna go Calm down. God. First of all, I'm waiting for the weather to break 'cause I'll be up here puffed Up. Shey, go ahead. You said go ahead. She, I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to put my best friend on to get your hair done honey.


That's all. That's all. No I got Dante hairstylist. But tell best friend to DM me just in case. Okay. I got you Boo. Come to the 7, 5 7 she'll get you right. Wait, she not even in New York? No, she in Virginia so far. Seven. Look baby, you travel. It don't matter where they're, you'll travel for that hairstyle. I know you will. I don't know but just tell her DME exactly Sha. You say her hair look A little hurt man. First of all, my hair looks amazing. I didn't say that. I was hoping Charlamagne was dead but I see you just got in. No, can't Wait. Lemme tell you something. You still got them braid as a deaf blow. Boy. Them five words right there. Spring tearing a woman. You still got them. Embrace Damnit. Man, I was so mad when she said that.


I thought I heard the DMV in her voice. So I thought she was about say something about guys in DC She came for the braid. She ain't even come from in DC. What is the braid? You still goddamn braid baby. These braids is here until homecoming didn't. Right there will ruin a woman's day. You hit me. Get it off Your chest. 805 85 1 0 5 1. It wasn't, we got Justin domestic law LaRosa. We do. But it wasn't that funny. Yes, it You better ignore him. We Talking. You still got braid. You got Lord sn Ruin Woman Morning. That's the question of the day. Y'all ask any woman You know a braid for no reason. The same way they like to mess with us when we get a fresh haircut, they will look at us sometime and be like, damn first mom, you don't have hair.


Damn he, he missed the spot, didn't he? That's what you gotta do to girls. That is our way of getting them back. When they look at us, when we got fresh haircuts. Ask us, did our barber is miss a spot? No one. You still got them? Nobody asks people that when they get a fresh haircut. She ball. We just with the mess coming up. Lauren. What we talking about? We do. We still talking about Diddy. All right. Oh man. All right. See you got Lauren all fale. She, she don't know what this she talking about now. All right, we'll get to that Next at The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's Not funny. The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's Steve Lobster tail with wild mushroom. We The. Breakfast. Club. That's what I had at Monroe Steak.


Nobody asked you in New Orleans. You just talking. I'm just letting You know. I'm just keep thinking about all the great food that I had in New Orleans. It's just coming back to me. Okay, red fish. Somebody get Some water With the red beans and rice and the yams. Lord have mercy. All right, let's get to just with the mess. Mercy on Osa. Real Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody. World. Why? Just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan. Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaky in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. All Secure Cargo


Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. Five Five casino


With lucky Land sluts. You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. BGW could avoid. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide


the coaches with Lauren. Lauren, I back. And. I got the man. Talk to me. All righty. So there is a book right now. The book is called Kim's Lost Words, A Journey For Justice From The Other Side. We talked about this briefly on Friday about this book being released. This is allegedly a book that was co-written by Kim Porter, the ex of Diddy who passed away. Now there's been some controversy all weekend. Let's just say number one, the book is number one currently on Amazon's bestsellers list in the category of Western US biography. So it's selling The book is out. Yes. It's out on Amazon. Yep. It's out.


Jesus. And it's, and it's selling very well. It's listed, I'm literally looking right now, it's still number one on Amazon's bestseller list in the Western US biographies category. But there has been some issues because people are really trying to figure out if this book is real online. The conversation is number one, the design of the book. People feel like if Kim Porter were to have put out a book, it wouldn't look the way that this book looks. How does it look? It's Just a little flimsy. It looks very homemade. Okay. But I reached out. I feel like they've shot this, this book down as being fake so many times They have. But I think because of the recent, the fact that it's online and available for sale, people are actually purchasing it and they're posting quotes and excerpts from the book that, yeah, I just read so Crazy.


What did you read? I'll let you go. Okay. So I reached out to a source because again, I wanted to, I'm like, how did they even put this up? If, you guys have been saying for a while, this is not a real thing. But the source that I reached out to told me that this is not true. Like this book is not a, a thing from Kim Porter that anybody claiming that it is is just pushing falsehoods. They talked about the fact that it's disheartening because she has loved ones that are still left here and it's negatively reflecting them and misrepresenting her legacy and causing distress to those loved ones. My source also told me that the creator of the book, Chris Todd, had no connection to Kim Porter or her family in notes that he was unable to provide Todd ver verifiable evidence to support his claims regarding the existence of the manuscript.


So for background, we talked about this on Friday, Ty claimed that he had met up with one of Kim Porter's friends on like after she passed away and they gave him a flash drive. The flash drive is of diary entries. He turned this into a book. They're saying that this is not true. And again, Kim Porter's best friend, Ebony said months ago, she had a whole long Instagram post saying that Kim Porter never drafted, wrote a book. A memoir. A manuscript. She wants people to You know, pay attention to the fact that allegedly means when something is said to be true but not be proved. Because people were saying allegedly, how do you sell a Book book that said that? That they say it from somebody if it's not proven. I have No idea. You don't feel like the book was sold though. Feel like if if the story that Lauren just said, somebody gave somebody a hard drive, right?


Yeah. No, it's sound like it was sold. Well, No, it sell. I keep asking how are you able to put that on Amazon? Amazon. And they sell it. Oh, they're selling it to people. People The people are buying is number one. And I. It's in the book. So in the book they recent excerpts? Yeah. Okay. So in the book, I know they talk about Kim Porter is accusing Diddy of physical abuse allegedly. And she's saying that like there was one time where she tried to use a dildo on him and that because, or he asked for that and because she said no, that was the first time that he hit her. This is all allegedly according to this book. She also talks about a time where he allegedly hit her with a chair.


There's stuff in here where she talks about him sleeping with underage, a underage boy in the music industry. How can Somebody just put something like this out and people just publish it and run with it? That's what I'm saying. Just tell these stories like they're just, I don't know. And, I. There's nothing proven. I asked my source who is a, A source in the know, very valuable, valuable source with this, if there's gonna be any legal action taken. 'cause normally with something like this You know you see a cease and descent or something to stop the sell of the book. And I've gotten no response on that. So I don't know how this is happening. I don't know what's about to happen. But the claims in the book are wild and people are posting them all over online. Crazy. So it's making more people wanna buy the book to read it. Especially with all of the freak off stuff happening.


If people won't believe in anything, It seems like it's lot of the same stuff that's circling puff now. Like abuse butt play. Yeah. Begging for Peggy and all that. Yeah, absolutely. Peggy Pegging for Peggy begging for Peggy is crazy. Yo. Who said that? Somebody said be begging for a Pegging. Well let me tell you the people, all we can have been, Listen, pleading, pleading to be pegged is insanity. Okay. All right. Begging to get raw Dogg than the fart buck. Fart box is nuts. Okay. I don't know what Nolan did to you, but you a little bit more funnier today. Begging for a Pagan is insanity. Why are these things happening on a Monday morning? I don't wanna, I don't know. But people all weekend have been trying to distance themselves from the Diddy situation.


Go ahead. Sorry Lauren. Begging for a Pagan guy. Not that's gonna be the sequence of, but that's, That's what, that's what they said. That was allegedly, that was the first time she ever was hit when she said that he was begging for a pegan. She said, We shoulda, shoulda just chapter that vote or die. Man damn PE die is crazy. We a long way from Vote or Die. Well over the weekend, like I said, people have been coming out You know trying to distance themselves from all of this stuff. I know Ray J spoke to an outlet and they were asking him like, why, why haven't people said something about all of this stuff before? Let's take a listen. What did you make of what you heard and what did you ever see for yourself that gave you an opinion about what he was about?


Well, for myself, And, I, think a lot of other people in this industry. I mean, it's all a shock because You know we've never seen the stuff that's being said and the stuff that people are finding out. Like I've never been in rooms that people are talking about And. I never knew they existed. And a lot of people in the industry can, can agree with me on that sense. Like you all wanted to go and have a good time at a Diddy party and you wanted to be inspired, you wanted to go out and have a good time. And then you wanted to go the next day to work to see where we are now. I just think everybody is still trying to digest it All.


You was begging for a Pagan and what you digested was not edible. Oh gosh. Because she swallowed it anyway. Oh ugh. Well that's by just the beginning part. Dame Dash also spoke out because You know that there's this photo going viral of Dame Dash, Aaliyah, Jay-Z a bunch of different people laid out on the bed and and they're like partying and it's all there. There it, it was the 4th of July party. So let's take a listen to Dane Dash. He, he came out to clear his name too. Shit happened in the Hamptons. That's the day I met that. Me and Aaliyah You know we hung out there and then we left. And that's what happened. That was 20 years ago. That was not in LA or my aunt, but I know they gonna play games with them. Pictures. It's all good. I don't really care. I thoughts on, on Diddy it's sad period.


It's just sad. And I never judge a man for any preference and all that and they keep it to themselves. I ain't got nothing to do with none of that. I don't know anything about any of those things. From 2005 on. I wasn't around You know. And that was the reason why I wasn't around. So what? I'm good what? What's good is I don't know anything. I just know I wasn't there. Whatever happened is very a mystery to me. Like it was a mystery to everybody else. But I know that my instincts told me to get the fuck out of certain environments. I'm not gonna say necessarily that one, but things that were along those lines. See You know, You know another thing. People need to remember that. That was in the indictment. What is that? It says Diddy allegedly was recording people. Yes. Without them knowing. So I'm just saying You know a lot of people are jumping out there distancing themselves.


It might be video FBI Already got the video. It might be videotaping You. know what I'm okay. And I. Think that's why people are going so hard 'cause they're a little nervous maybe. I don't know. But I mean anything you do right now know they tie it to Diddy, like Usher's Twitter was hacked. All his tweets were like just gone for a couple minutes. Yep. And people were like, oh my God. Usher's trying to scrub his Twitter because he's friends with Diddy and he'd been at the parties and Usher was like, yo, I just was hacked, relaxed. Like all his tweets came back. So in conclusion, I think if I were people I would just be quiet and just Yeah. But people were, yeah. I don't know. Alright. Well you might be on video begging for a Pagan. Oh right. We don't know. Okay. Right. That was just with the best for law Rosa. The Pega conspiracy is crazy. That's insanity. What If you not begging but you just turned the blind eye when it is happening.


Are you a conspiracy to the Pagan Pegan is not illegal if he If you. But the way they trying to say did he had a okay PE Pagan's not illegal, but begging for should be. He'll shut Up when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood. Oh Morgan will be joining us. It The Breakfast Club Morning. I See what you did there. Envy, The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Morning everybody. DJ DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club on the rosa of filling in for Jess. So let's get in some front page news. Now's start off with some sports really quickly. Last night the Giants beat the Browns 2115 Eagles beat the Saints. 1512 the Vikings beat the Texans 34 7 Broncos beat the Buccaneers.


Packers beat the Titans. The Steelers beat the Chargers. The Cols beat the Bears Sea Haws beat the Dolphins, the Panthers beat the Raiders. Lions beat the Cardinals. The Rams beat the 49 ERs. The Chiefs beat the Falcons and the Ravens beat the Cowboys. 28 25. Listen man, get Cowboys record. Is one and two the same as the Giants? Listen Man, getting to the Super Bowl is not easy. Okay, Y'all not going, There's a lot of obstacles and hurdles on the way to the Super Bowl. And Anthony Joshua got beat up this weekend. Did you watch that fight? Yeah, but we we talking about the Cowboys getting beat up. Fifth round knockout against Daniel Dubois for the IVF heavyweight title on Saturday. Derrick Henry Strong arm. Stefan Derrick Henry Ravens.


What happened? Wow. Wow. All right. Well also in Monday night football, there's actually two games tonight. The Jaguars are taking on the bills at seven 30 and then the Bengals are taking on the commanders at eight 15. Now what up Morgan? What had happened was Your team bust Charlemagne team ass And what? Yeah, with a stiff arm too. Ooh, ow I know about those. Anyways, okay, let's get into vice Vice President. Here she is criticized and former president Donald Trump for taking pride in overturning Roe v. Wade. On Friday she spoke at a rally in Atlanta, Georgia, saying the former president was actually proud of women dying. Let's hear those comments from BP Harris in Atlanta. He Brags about overturning Roe v.


Wade in his own words quote, I did it and I'm proud to have done it. He says he is proud, proud that women are dying. These hypocrites wanna start talking about this is in the best interest of women and children. Well where you been? Where you been when it comes to taking care of the women and children of America. So the Democratic presidential nominee said one in three women in America live in a state with a so-called Trump abortion ban. Harris also highlighted a report published after two women died recently in Georgia because their medical care was hindered by the state's abortion ban. One of those women, Amber Nicole Thurman and Harris said that told the crowd that she should be alive today.


Now Harris was also on the campaign trail in Madison, Wisconsin on Friday where she told the crowd that her campaign is fighting for the freedom of everyone saying the government shouldn't be able to control women's bodies. She also spoke about her economic plan to benefit the middle class, promising new parents $6,000 in the first year for their child's life. $25,000 down payment assistant for first time home buyers and a $50,000 tax de deduction for small businesses. She added that her commitment for to fighting for all Americans. Then that's why she has the support of Democrats, Republicans, and independent politicians who have also endorsed her elsewhere in politics, house Democrats are holding a hearing next week in an attempt to tie former President Trump to the Republican think tank playbook called Project 2025.


Now remember the heritage, I believe the Heritage Group is what? Excuse me. The Heritage Foundation is what created this, this, this project 2025. And Trump has since tried to detach himself from this. Now California congressman Jared Huffman called it a threat to democracy. Let's hear those comments from Huffman. It is an unprecedented takeover plan. It tries to gut critical checks and balances that hold our democracy together. It proposes rolling back fundamental rights, imposing draconian policies that are deeply unpopular with most Americans control over our lives, the lives of every person who calls America Home. Now he is a congressman Jared Huffman.


He's leading the task force that is trying to shine on light spotlight on Project 2025, which was developed by the Conservative Heritage Foundation. Now, former President Trump has again attempted to distance himself from it, saying he has nothing to do with it. He doesn't even know those people. However, the Heritage Foundation was part of his administration or worked for his administration when he was in office. Now Harris has made it one of her main talking points against him. Also, Democrats say that part of it involves limiting access to abortion nationwide among other things. And that's expected to play a large role in next week's hearing unfor. Well, unfortunately no Republicans will take part in that hearing. So I'll keep you posted on how that goes.


Also, speaking of Republicans, Senator Lindsey Graham, he's calling out North Carolina candidate for Governor Mark Robinson, who is black. By the way, he's a Republican candidate for governor in North Carolina saying that he must offer a stronger defense to the allegations that he made sexually explicit and racially charged comments online. We spoke about this late last week on Friday, appearing on NBC's meet the press, the South Carolina Republicans said Robinson should be given a chance to offer a credible defense. Now If, you miss this story ahead of time. Robinson is the one who got on the Africa nude website pornography site and said that he referred to himself as a black Nazi. And he also said that slavery wasn't that bad and it it could come back.


So let's hear those comments from Lindsey Graham. In regards to Mark Robinson, he Needs to do more, in my view. He has a right to defend himself. He has an obligation to defend himself. The charges are beyond unnerving. If they're true, he's unfit to serve for office. If they're not true, he has the best lawsuit in the history of the country for libel. But as to Robinson, he's a political zombie. If he does not offer a defense to this, that's credible. Now, Graham went on to say he doesn't believe the allegations will cost former President Trump, North Carolina in the upcoming election. He didn't say whether Trump should pull hi his endorsement of Robinson, which Trump has endorsed Robinson previously.


But the embattled candidate for Governor Robinson denies recent reporting by CNN revealing comments that he allegedly posted on former forums, excuse me, and pornography websites referring to himself as a black Nazi and saying that slavery wasn't that bad. You guys have any thoughts on that? No. I don't know man. 'cause You know I had one thought about Mark Robinson and then I was watching CNN all weekend. And I saw all of the wild stuff. He said And I was like, well, well He duck, he ducked a hole a little deeper. A little too deeper. Huh? I'm just talking Morgan. I don't know what the hell Morgan got. Leave Shem alone. He must have had something last night. I didn't have nothing. He was Watching C had A loss. He Had a loss to those cowboys is what he had.


I'm Listen, I really enjoyed New Orleans this weekend. I know that much. Okay. All right. Thank you. Morgan Luther up and Adam eats. Man, they had a grilled biscuit, a grilled seafood biscuit with shrimp and crab meat on it. Oh my God. I'll take it. It's because the Ravens won. That's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, make sure you're following app like Black Information Network. Make sure you download, download the free iHeart radio app. It's contagious. And visit BIN news.com. Bye y'all. Bye Morgan. All right. (800) 585-1051. Let's open up the phone lines now. This morning Durry, get it off your chest. A woman named Shaa called Came from me And dragged you.


She hit Lauren with five words. No woman ever wants to hear you don't still had them braids do you? Jesus Baby. My brain is retouched washed down, fresh. And when the leave out grow, that's what Why you keep looking at him. Then why ever since that woman call you keep looking at her. I'm not. Oh, I know. I look good. I don't know since how. I don't know. So The question is, I'm not worried about that. What's the worst question you can ask a woman Now, ever since that Lauren's been a little frazzled, a little little. You, you've been a little off ever since that. So that is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the worst question you can ask a woman? All right, that is the question. We'll do it when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, sorry. Lauren The. Breakfast. Club.


Daddy call my phone. It's topic time. Call eight five eight five one oh five one to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren Osa. Filling in for Jess. Now If, you just joining us. We're open up the phone lines on this Monday. (800) 585-1051 during, get it off your chest Shea. A listener called and said this to Lauren. You don't still have them braids, do you? So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are some of the worst questions you can ask a woman Such a violent attack You. know what I'm saying? That that woman did on Lauren this morning?


Yeah. Outta nowhere. You still got them Braids gotta be one of the top things you just do not say to a woman. Honestly, though, I feel like, I mean that's low bar on the list of things that we get asked. I think number one is, are you pregnant? Yeah. Are you pregnant when you're not pregnant? It's horrible. I did that one time. And how a Did you feel about yourself? Oh, I felt horrible 'cause she wasn't pregnant so I was like, Hey, when's the baby do? And she was like, I'm not pregnant. And I said. And at that point you just, just gotta just shut the F up forever. Yeah. Different variations of that is bad. Like when you, how many months do you You know? Like stuff like that? Yeah. I I I thought you was using Ozempic. Oh Okay. Yeah. Wow. That's Thought You know. That's definitely probably That's a bad one because Wait, are you saying it like dang you ain't even lose no weight. What exactly When you still a big back?


Yep, yep, yep. I thought you hood on A big back is kind of crazy. Always. It's always temperamental when you're asked about like why you don't have kids. I mean you get used to it after a while. So why You don't have a man? Yeah. Why aren't you married yet? I think it depends on the setting too, right? Yes. It depends on who's asking you these questions. Where they're asking you and how they're asking you. Because some people like sis tried to lead with love, but I felt it. I was like, this ain't come when you gotta say it's with love, it's like Mm, It's never with love. Yeah. You can't ask a woman that in front of millions of people. Okay. You Can ask whatever you want. 'cause I know when my braids look good. And I think some people don't understand. When you have human hair with your braids, it's a different, why are you explaining? Because I want people, I want, I wanna give my braider, I wanna give her a little moment. When you get braids done, the way that mine are done, you can wash them.


You can retouch them because this is human hair. This is a, a good amount of money spent. So I'm going to keep them. But when you get into synthetic hair, You know, I think what people are used to. You gotta take 'em out. Maybe you give yourself four weeks. So Why'd the lady call in and ask If? you still got the braids? And then suggest braiding week. She suggested her friend who does hair And I ain't even seen the friend. So I didn't Know. And what is she seeing about your hair that makes her like question? She Trying to put her friend on. I don't know what she's seeing. What? What you seeing? What you getting at? I don't Know. Why are you getting defensive of me? I'm just asking. The way you asking a question is not with love. I'm just asking. I don't know what's going on here. Amy, You felt the shade from over that side? No, there's no shade. Shade. Yeah. I Felt the shade. There's no shade. Shade did mine truck through a Tree. There's no shade. It's just fur. But my question is simply this.


What's the question? Hello? Who's this uncle? Get out of it this morning. What's your name, bro? Boyer. Boyer. What? What's, what's a horrible question to ask a woman bro, who all she slept with, who all she slept With. That's true. Yeah. Okay. That's very true. Yeah. Alright. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Good morning, it's Nicole. Hey Nicole. What's a horrible question to ask a woman? I think The hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors.


Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature With seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owners manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five.


casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High Five casino. Step into The, World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you Want to get mixed up in the family Business.


Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowing world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service For me. Play the Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome To the family. No purchase necessary VW Group Prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible.


When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever try and decide. Worst question to ask a woman who hasn't had kids is when are you having kids?


It's distasteful and you don't know what that woman's history is. That's Right. Yep, that's right. Absolutely right. And some people are just too nosy, but they wanna know, especially family members, I'm sure. Oh my God Damn ain that your business, because like she said, you don't know what that woman going through. She might physically might not be able to have kids or might be struggling to have kids. She don't wanna be questioned about that. Hello, who's this? This is Iggy from Pittsburgh. What's up vie? What's up? Charna, man, what's up? Going on my name Iggy. What's a horrible question to ask a woman? Iggy, If she's pregnant and she's not. 'cause she's really a big back. Damn. Damn. I think that might be the number one man. Yeah. That, that pregnant one is a horrible one. Yeah, man. Because, because you she already knows she a big back. Yeah. She just don't think other people notice.


She Done ate too many boxes of, she done ate too many boxes of cereal. Thank you. Iggy. Hello. Who's this? Yo, We really getting high. Alex From Ohio. You can't even eat cereal no more. Alex from Ohio. What's a horrible question to ask a woman? The horrible question is, what kind of weave is that? When it's clearly her real hair. Oh, you mean like that happens? Her hair looked like a not to me. My hair be nice when it looks like a helmet. I'm confused. I'm Saying Yeah, just like assuming it's a weave, but it's like coming outta her couch. I don't know. I just feel like that's The worst you need to, to say. I think you mean because like they, I don't know your hair's So bad. I think it might, I think the opposite way might be more when you tell somebody, you, you compliment them on their head and they like, boy, it's a Weave.


No, but it's like how Beyonce, when she did her watch through with her, her line of hair stuff, she had to show people her parts, the show it was her hair. Because people always think her hair is, oh, wash it for black women. It's like, why? You like people say that because they try to act like our hair don't grow. Gotcha. Yolanda. Yes. Good morning. What's the worst question you could ask a woman? Is this the same guy that you had over here last night? Good one. Damn. Wait, what is the same? Is this the same guy you had over here last night? Oh, Good one. It seems like you did that. Got in in front of a different guy. I like that. You like you did that before. That's my type of question. Thank you, Yolanda. 800. Now, nowadays, You know what, what, what? No. You what what? No.


Okay. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the worst question you can ask a woman? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it? It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. On this Monday, if you're just joining us, we're asking what is the worst question you could ask a woman? Now this conversation actually comes out of get it off your chest earlier, a young lady named Shea, a listener I called up pair with, with some love for Lauren.


And this is what she said. You don't still have them braids, do You? You still got them braids. Very valid question. Lauren hasn't really been the same since she's been asked that. I got one. What Polish All your kids got the same daddy. Why you ain't ask say that? Who? The guy who called. I know That is so disrespectful. I Don't, is not disrespectful. All kids are the same dis daddy people. People ask me that all the time. They like all, all your kids with the same wife. With the same woman. I'm like, Yes. Yes. And. I. Feel like we ask that all the time and be like, oh wait, y'all got the same dad. It's like a normal question now that Don't make it right. And another one for 2024 that could be a You know, come, come off the wrong way. You were born a woman, right? Yeah. You can't ask that way. You can't, you can't ask that way.


No. But Sometimes you have No men to women's bathroom. You can't ask those things. It's like you, you can't Me homeboys hit me about certain people and be like, wait, that like she was born a woman, right? Ask because they wanna know before they shoot their shot. Sometimes I would, I would think that You gotta ask that now in this era. I would think so. I would absolutely think so. How do you ask that? You, you were born a woman, right? Yo, I think you pull a friend to the side and be like, Hey, I tell you yo If, you don't go like person. So Do you say your friend yo, your homie over is that You Know? Yeah, because If, you said to the girl and, and she You. know what I mean? Like if the, if the woman is born a woman, yeah. Then Feel, Say manly a way. And then if the woman isn't born a woman, it's like, now are you being not inclusive? But maybe that's just not your preference.


I don't know. Get me out of this. Society has made to where women have to be strong in every aspect, even in the face. Shut up. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is he from Norwalk? 18 from Norwalk. What's a, what's a question? A, a bad question to ask woman. Hi. Well, hi DJ Envy. Hi for Lema. Hey you all. I love you guys. All right. So I think the worst question that you could ask a woman is her body count. Like, I think there's a time and a place of course. So it's all about delivery and all about the message. But I mean, I don't know, asking a woman her body count is, I don't know, asking. That's a little bit off limits.


Okay, now t what about If? you ask somebody if their body is real. If their body is real. Yep. I think that's a valid question. As a person who is in the gym constantly, four days out of the week, I put in the work. So the people that go and get their body done You know no shade, but shade, Shade. Shade. Okay, thank you. T What about if a guy says, oh, what if a guy says, is your pH unbalanced? Well, If he says it like that, that's a little but like If you, that's your, if y'all share little situation and he's like You. know what I mean? Well, Let me ask you Lauren, what's the wildest question a guy has asked you?


Because you said somebody asked you about your shaved under the arms the other day. They people come up to me and ask me that. They don't ask me. They come up to me and be like, you are shaved. Don't let Charlamagne ruin your day. And. I be like, this is kind of crazy. Like, duh. So what, what's, what's the wildest question that somebody ask you? Man, You're not gonna keep it, are you? Yo, this guy, he goes, You know what? Yo, this guy goes too far. He go too far. Yeah, Let's just go with that one. That's just because I don't know. I don't, honestly, I don't know. I'm so Not gonna keep it. Are you lady P Yo Lady p. Hello. Good morning. This guy is crazy. Good morning. UNC is, UNC is on one this morning, mama. Hey.


So I don't like when guys ask females their age. I don't. I don't under, I don't mind the age thing. No mind the age thing. The Reactions to the age thing. Be like Some people think you look older or younger. No, people always think I look younger, but I had somebody I when I said I'm 32, somebody was like, dang Like that. Yo. Yo. Stop it. I didn't know. You not looking over here What you're talking, why would I be looking over? Oh, I thought you was being funny 'cause I do look young. What? I didn't say you Didn't. No I didn't. Oh well I didn't know what the man, You let that Dominican get your I'm Not Dominican. I'm not Dominican. I'm black. Sir. I just don't understand why that's touchy. Maybe once you get to a certain age it's touchy. But like I don't, you ask me to just answer. But what's the moral of the story?


If there is a moral, Don't ask the question. Just hold it in. Don't ask women stupid. You might need to, You might not need to assume nowadays. You know what I'm saying? I think that's why conversation is important. But you have to ask questions during conversation. Right. And If, you have certain questions you want to ask them, But it's the way you go about it too. And like some stuff I think you should warm up to a person before you just come in with like certain things. Alright, well I agree. We come back. We have just with the mess with Lauren Roosa. What we talking about? Whoa, we talking Janet Jackson and Kamala Harris. Alright, We'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Laura Roosa filling in for Jess. I feel like 10 pounds heavier man.


Spending a weekend in New Orleans. I was in New Orleans since Friday. Dropping the clues bombs from New Orleans. Everybody that listens to us on Q 93, I wanna salute the ball when accompany books. That's why I was at Friday night in conversation with Cherise. What's Cherice? Cherise Gibson. I believe Cherice's last name is. But yes, we had a ball. Yeah. Shoot everybody in New Orleans. My god. SL the suit the first of all, one thing about Larry Morrow, right? Shout out to Larry. It's like when you land from the moment you land at the airport, everybody in their mama is gonna ask you. If you going to one of Larry's spots? That's right. He got about what, four Five of 'em. Oh my God. It's, that's right. It's like nobody else in the city You know even has a restaurant. So we went to, I went to Morrow's, the original one.


The original one on Friday night, dropping a coon for the red fish with the red beans and rice and the yams oysters. Amazing. Oh my God. Then Saturday night I went to Morro steaks. The seafood gumbo with the lobster tail and the wild mushroom seafood Gumbo S Did you meet your mama and grandma? No, They don't love me there. No. Mama and grandma always come, come out. They got, they got five different spots. Yeah, 'cause his mom has a restaurant now. Yeah, Mama and grandma always come out. They, they got like five different spots. They can't be everywhere at once, I tell you that much. But just salute to everybody I saw in New Orleans, man we had a ball this weekend. And I salute to everybody out in Vegas. The iHeart radio music festival went down in Vegas. Big Sean on Victoria, Monet, Camilla, Cabell, SHA boozy.


Who else did I see? Gwen Stefan. New kids on the block. It was dope. So salute to the IHOP staff was, it was dope. It was, I had a great time. Had an amazing time. I was there for a game. You Saw new kids on the Block? Yeah. New kids on the block performed as well. Then after that I flew out to the HBCU, the Battle of Hus Hampton Verse Howard. Lauren pulled up on us. Yeah, I think Lauren might. She was out there in heaven out there with all those single brothers out there. Okay, what else happened? Yeah, I don't hear no heaven talk. It was heaven talk. God is good. See? Okay. See that? See that? All right. See that? You didn't gas them up this time, right? You didn't lie to them. And You know I Don't wanna, dont wanna get into it on air because this is don't Gentlemen, you right.


You don't. Black blessing. Yeah. Super, super sweet. Opens car doors, just everything. Oh my God. Yeah. Salute to Sharif G over she w LTV New Orleans. She flush for holding it down at ball winning company books. Alright, Wasn forward we to going back to dc I like it there. Alright, well we got just with the mess with Law LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? We Do. We gonna get into Janet Jackson and, and Kamala Harris. There was a, some comments made by Janet that had to be cleared up. So we, we gonna talk about it. All right, we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Laura. LaRosa, your music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't. Nobody Worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa. I Back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk To me. So Janet and Jackson, who we rarely ever really hear from, came out. She did an interview with The Guardian and in the interview it was all about her life, her career. They asked her about You know where she is. Like politics. So the episode from the article says, this is the writer of the article. They speak to you and then they answer the question. So they're, she's saying, I wonder where she stands. She is Janet Jackson on the forthcoming election. After all I say, America could be on the verge of voting in its first black voting in its first black female president Kamala Harris.


This is what she says to Janet Jackson. Janet Jackson responds. Well, You know what they, what they supposedly said she's not black. That's what I heard. That she's Indian. Then the writer puts in Italies that Janet Jackson looked at her expectantly perhaps assuming that the writer was also of Indian heritage. And the interviewer said that she then shot back at Janet. Well she's both And then Janet said her father's white. That's what I was told. I mean I haven't watched the news in a few days. I was told that they discovered her father was white. Then the writer says that she was floored at this point because it's well known that Kamala Harris' father is a Jamaican Jamaican economist.


A Stanford professor who split from her Indian mom when she was five. Well maybe it's not as well known as people think. And that, and that's why I think folks was being too hard on Janet. Like she was misinformed. Correct Her and then You know Move on. Like it's easy to be misinformed. Yes. And repeat something you heard nowadays happens every single day to all types of people. Yeah. They jumped on Janet, which they Oh, They were going. They were Going, wow. Yeah. Nah, they jumped on Janet. Which she didn't. She had wrong information and people have wrong information all the time. It's not like she said it. She was asked about the question and she said, well she was heard. I think it was, they was hard on Jenny. They Were And I. Think too, people have to realize that like all of this happened pretty fast. Because I know in the beginning there was a lot of people that had misinformation. Correct. And, and had to come back and correct themselves and reeducate themselves.


I was one of them as well too. By the way. The Guardian didn't have to reprint that. They didn't. Okay, by the way, so now lemme tell you. So after this went out, there was then this apology that surfaced. The apology was from Janet Jackson allegedly. And it said Janet Jackson would like to clarify her recent comments. She recognizes that her statements regarding Vice President Kamala Harris's racial identity were based on misinformation. Janet respects Harris dual heritage as both black and Indian and apologizes for any confusion calls. She values the diversity. Harris represents and understands the importance of celebrating that in today's society. Janet remains committed to promoting unity and understanding. Right? So now it's like, oh, all is well.


She says she was misinformed. And then it comes out that the guy who gave this statement, a guy named Mo l Morsi, who alleged he reached out to Buzzfeed who first ran the apology and then everybody else followed. He alleged that he was a manager or representation for Janet Jackson. And then after this articles and, and people begin to print, I know TMZ printed a variety of major outlets. We already printed it. Yep. Said no, we're sorry. We were just contacted by a rep for Janet Jackson who told us that this apology was unauthorized. And that mo that this el, this mo guy has no connection to Janet. It's crazy. However, this is Ca this is crazy. Nope. Seriously, And I was was like, well why So nobody Checks their sauces.


Nobody cites the sauces. Nobody checks to see if he's even with the team. Buzzfeed who originally reported the apology first said that, that he was, because he was accredited producer on Janet's upcoming documentary. And because he had given statements before about Janet Jackson in the past, I guess they just ran with it. But he also put out another statement after it was debunked that he works with a team and said that he no longer works for her. He was fired by Janet and Randy because they made it clear Randy Jackson, her brother is her manager and has been for a very long time. And he said the mo guy said after attempts to improve her image in the front of the public and her fans, this is something I do not deserve. So he's basically saying he was fired because he issued the apology. It was a Lot.


Does it seem like he just did it on his Own? That's what it seems like. I don't know what his connection to her is. Her team is saying there is none. He's saying that there was one, but now he's fired. Can we open up the phone lines next hour? 'cause I really want to know if people were upset at Janet or if this was just a social media narrative. No, people were pissed at Janet. They were. They were like, You know you a black woman and that whole thing. DL Hugeley actually went off on Janet. I'm going to let me, I don't wanna misquote anything. He said he has some remarks too. He basically said that it was, it was ironic to hear Janet Jackson comment on a black woman while speaking from a nose of a white woman. Jesus. Something like that. Yeah. I pull his, pull that up. But no, people were pissed.


They were, they were dragging her. And then when all the confusion came out about the apology or whatever, people were like, okay, so now what's happening? Like this is all just a mess and all of this is happening and the reps wanted to make it clear all of this is happening while Janet and her family are mourning the loss of their brother. You guys remember we reported? Yeah. Yeah. That Tito Jackson passed away. So, so did She backtrack or no? No, they never, once they corrected that this apology was unauthorized, they never offered up another apology or backtrack. They just said she's unavailable for comment. It Was interesting to see DL come at Janet too because DLS also been the victim of misinformation. Yeah. So, so I would think he would You know just have more grace. Yeah. Understand. Yeah. Yeah. I think he would understand a little bit more. He said that the DL Hugeley said that the interview sounded like a Trump rally. It's ironic to question whether someone is black while you're breathing through the nose of a white woman.


You also gotta remember D's a comedian too. Yeah. And I. I think sometimes You know we, we forget that these guys are also making jokes. Yeah. He gonna Have 'em jokes. Yeah. But I just think like, like I said, everybody has been guilty of misinformation at some point because with the way the internet runs rapid, you just don't know. And it goes to show like Janet Jackson is Janet Jackson, she has all the available resources for information and she still got it wrong. She should have just said, I don't know And I answered the question. And I blame everybody who legitimizes foolishness You know the the newspapers, the news networks. When you sit around and make things like disappointed debate, like when you replay Trump and others constantly repeating these lies, you amplify them and the lie gets around The World three times. You know as Fast and the truth still be putting on his shoes.


Yeah, but I mean If, you were the guardian. You have this quote. So you would advise If, you were the editor, you would've advised them not to run this. No, I would've told 'em run it. 'cause You know I want them hits and that engagement and them clicks. But That going against what you just said, They just corrected her the right way and they did correct her. Right. But She did. I mean she did correct her. But You know people don't care about that. They're like, well why would she say that in the first place? But, But you, that is a good question. You bring up Lord. Like If, you are a magazine like The Guardian, right? And you say to yourself, damn, I already know this information is running, this misinformation is running rampant. Do I put this story out? Which I know is only going to reinforce more of that misinformation You going To, because all the headlines, when you see the headlines now it says like Rolling Stone headline is Janet Jackson questions whether Kamala Harris is black.


Right? That's not clearing it up. That's not giving somebody factual information. But they going For the hits though. They going for the hits. NBC news says Janet Jackson tells interviewer she heard Kamala Harris is not black. All people see is Janet Jackson says Kamala Harris is not Black If, you already heard that. Now you might believe it because Janet Jackson said it. Correct? Yeah. Oh you believe Janet Jackson said it? Yeah, I I don't know. I So so you do have to make a a an editorial choices. Yeah, but they with integrity, they're doing based off a hits though. They want people, they want the traffic and they know that's gonna bring the traffic, which I'm sure it has 'cause we're talking about it for the last three minutes. Yeah. And I, And I will say that the interviewer here did try and like correct her, clean it up, correct her.


She, she re-asked the question. She wanted to make sure they both understood that she was black and then Janet responded. I don't know, honestly I don't know what to answer because I really truthfully don't know. I think either way it goes is going to be mayhem because they were asked, they were talking about like the the peaceful transfer of power or not. She's right about that. If The World is ready for a black woman president, like You know. So she did try and give Janet some grace to like kind of get it together. But she didn't know the answer but Yeah. Yeah. She didn't have the information. Alright, well that is just with the mess with Laura LaRosa Now we'll talk about that next, next hour. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 after donkey. You can get on the calls. Do you think people should be mad at Jan for it? For having misinformation? Let's discuss after that. But Charlamagne, who you gimme your donkey too. I mean that's Yeah, for after the hour, I'm going to ask the same question.


You know I wanna put this Janet Jackson stuff out there and You know I got some thoughts about it and just see what the people think. Alright, because I wanna see if they, I wanna see if y'all think she deserves the biggest hee-Haw. Okay. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to hold. Is it? Hey gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve to. People need to know. Well you need to tell them I am. You Have the voice. Tell them. Tell, tell, tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a re but You're so good At it. You trying to be A fake ass Charlamagne. Only one. Charlamagne love Charlamagne Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now?


Well Sexy Red Donkey today for Monday, September 23rd. We'll be up to you all. Okay. I saw folks in an uproar about this over the weekend sending me messages saying Uncle Charla, you should give Janet Jackson donkey today. And then I went and saw what Janice said. And I couldn't believe you. Heathens was treating the architect of Rhythm Nation with such disrespect. Okay, this woman made. That's the way love goes. And this is the thing she gets. I didn't quite feel like she should get the biggest He Hall, but I will let you all decide. See the woman who showed us what the pleasure principle was. Janet Jackson was having a conversation with the Guardian that was published on Saturday. And one of the things she


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan. Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. Have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration seen, Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high, high five casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High five casino.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth mouthwatering, waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort in a non-drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Gari studded spike bag. Spike Valentino is that girl. The gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Maison Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in vibrant news and pops of color from Couture industries to spike a pose to its Valentino baby beyond its heritage. Spike Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel and cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated and delivers high pigment color after one stroke. Wear it bold or soft and blurred for a more subtle look. Tell us how you wear Spike. Valentino


Said in the article was she's heard, she heard that Vice President Kamala Harris was not black. Here's the quote, she's not black. That's what I heard. End quote. All right. That's what she recently said of Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris. Janet said her father's white. That's what I was told. I mean I haven't watched the news in a few days now when I heard this, to me it was just an opportunity to teach. We live in a world where misinformation runs so rampant where so much fake news and alternative facts circulate that it's not surprising to me that folks believe the fake news. Now for the record, Kamala Harris is both black and Indian American. Those are simply the facts. Okay? She has always identified as black and Indian.


Her father is from Jamaica, her mother is from India. That's that. But because of misinformation promoted by former President Donald Trump and others people have You know run with the Kamala Harris is not black Lie. Personally, I think folks is being too hard on Janet Jackson. Okay? She was misinformed, correct her and move on. It's easy to be misinformed and repeat something you heard in this era. Happens to folks every single day. Even to people like Janet Jackson and You. know who I really blame? I blame everyone who legitimizes foolishness. Who legitimizes foolishness. Like This's news. Okay? All the papers, all the news networks, the MSNBCs, the Fox CNN, all of y'all, when you're sitting around making things like this appointed debate, when you replay You know Trump and others constantly repeating these lies, you amplify them.


And the lie gets around The World three times. Okay? While the truth is still putting on issues, they will have whole panel discussions about this nonsense is Kamala Harris, black Dana Bash even asked Kamala what she thought of Trump's comments. All of that type of rhetoric legitimizes that lie because there has to be some sort of legitimacy to it if it's being posed as a question on cable news. Right? Right, wrong. And nobody cares about the truth from the live more entertaining. The truth is, Kamala Harris is both black and Indian. But the lie, okay, she just turned black, is way more entertaining. Now this lie has spread so much that even the almighty Janet Jackson believes it. Even the way the media has written this headline about the Janet Jackson situation reinforces the false narrative that Kamala Harris isn't black.


Because the headline in Rolling Stone is Janet Jackson. Questions whether Kamala Harris is black NBC News. Janet Jackson tells interviewer she heard Kamala Harris is not black. All people see is Janet Jackson says Kamala Harris is not black. If, you already heard that. Now you might believe it because even Janet Jackson said it. What I don't understand is why are we so quick to dunk on each other for just simply being wrong? Why is everybody so quick? The slander of Janet Jackson and in so Janet Jackson, when we all have been victims of some form of misinformation on social media. When people say things like, everyone knows Kamala Harris dad is black. No, everyone clearly doesn't. And it is very arrogant to assume that folks have that piece of information handy.


And I really wish we would stop attacking people for being misinformed, especially when they aren't trying to weaponize the misinformation. They just roam. Just debunk the misinformation, show the person the facts and then once you do that move on. It's not that serious. There's no reason to be coming at the woman who made what have you done for me lately like this. So let's go to Breakfast Club Court. That's right. And get my music. Are are people overreacting? Our should Janet Jackson get the biggest He Hawk? You heard the facts, I just laid 'em out for you. Alright. I laid out what she said, laid out what happened, and let's go to the phones. Okay, let's do that. (800) 585-1051 We Breakfast Club Court. So the question is Janet Jackson.


Okay. She said that she didn't think that the president was black. She said she heard, I guess also she heard it from, and she was absolutely Positively wrong. I Don dunno. She said she ain't said she didn't think. She said she heard. She Heard. So the question is, Vice President Kamala Harris wasn't black. Do you give Janet Jackson Grace or no? Should she get the biggest? He haw. Alright, let's discuss. Discuss If. you go overreacting or should she get the biggest He haw. Alright, We'll take your calls when we come back. Don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ and the just hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are. The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now If, you just joining us. Charlamagne may have, or maybe he ha he's not going to give Janet Jackson donkey today. I Don't want to give Janet Jackson donkey today, but all of y'all was telling me to give Janet Jackson donkey today.


And I went to go look and see what Janet Jackson actually said to the guardian. And I didn't agree with none of it. So You know my question is, are people overreacting? Our, should Janet Jackson get the biggest hee-haw, let's discuss. Now if you're just joining us, people are upset because Janet Jackson told the guardian that she's not black. That's what I heard in reference to Vice President Kamala Harris just clearly mis misinformed. Yes, Definitely Misinformed. So I don't understand why they just couldn't correct her misinformation and keep it moving. Yeah, I mean, but a little bit of correcting her. They did. Of course. That's not picked up. People are just upset at the original comment And don't get it twisted. Janet didn't get on, get on her her platform and say, this is what it was. She was asked a question and and she said how she felt, right? She Said, I heard she Heard. Yeah, she said what she heard, Right?


Well, you heard wrong Ms. Jackson. Yes, she did. And that's all you do. You correct her and keep it moving. I think that that's important too though, because we haven't heard her corrected because the correction that came out they said wasn't authorized. And then maybe she's doing, they offer nothing. She's also mourning the loss of her brother too. So that is true too. You know more important things right now with her. Hello, Who's this? This is DEA from Jersey City. Hey DEA from Jersey City. What's your thoughts? Hi. I think that we need to leave Janet alone. At the end of the day, she's an entertainer. She is not a politician. She never swore on anybody's Bible to handle anything as far as politics and the fact that we keep putting so much emphasis on the opinions of people who are literally, literally just here to entertain the masses.


It's crazy. It's politicians full at the end of the day for always going so hard to push for endorsements for people just so that you can get the vote of their fans. But at the end of the day, I'm not voting for anyone because Janet Jackson said so. Like that's just not a thing. Who, Who, who could tell you to vote for somebody? Like what, what person do you follow? And if they said, Hey, I'm supporting this person, you would, you would, you would do it too. Nobody. I Like that. That's how it should be. We have family discussions on how we all feel. I'm not, I don't know these people in real life. I don't know what is, I don't know who's paying you. I don't know how often you even watch the news. So no, no one's opinion in the entertainment business matters to me whatsoever.


Me and my family get together. We watch the debate, we have the discussions, and we decide how we feel. And. I believe most people feel like her. This is why A lot of people like celebrities Stay outta politics though, because it's like when you don't know something, they drag you and you try and support they drag you. Yep. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Lisa from Marilyn. Hey Lisa. Good morning. What did you think about Janet Jackson saying that Kamala Harris is not black? Janet knew what she was doing. She's had how many I think that Janet is of experience being an artist doing interviews with PR three 40. Exactly what she was saying. She did not backtrack. She did this because she heard she, but let's keep in mind that the brother Randy, his words to non people, like he's ultra right wing for I didn't know that.


Yes, he is. Look at his, his Instagram and he's, he's pretty extreme. And if fact saying his manager and she had plenty of times to backtrack, to address or to apologize. You see, she didn't, she the apologies. Her Phone sounds. That's not your phone. Sound a little crazy, mama. So, so what she was basically saying was she feels like Janet knew what she was doing and that her brother is a Republican and possibly feeding Janet the information That's so she's saying Janet needs the biggest hee-haw. That's what she's saying. Okay. Hello, Who's this? Hi, This is Nay. Hey, nay. Good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning, y'all. I love y'all by the way. I, I look every day love. Thank you. Nay. But I just think that it's crazy. Like, I hate this for Jen Jackson because one, this is like public information, right?


Like you can literally go to a Wikipedia page, you can go to Google. So it's like, for somebody who's on our platform to just be trying to tear down another woman, I just think it's, it's crazy. And it's like why? She's the only woman out here trying to make a difference. Like, we don't want Donald Trump. She's the worst candidate ever. And then it's like we're just out here shaming her name and fucking about her for I'm sorry. Fucking stuff about her. For what? I just don't get it. I I hate this for Janet jacket. I, I honestly Do. So you, so you, you think Janice should get the biggest he haw or what? I think she deserves dunk here today. Uncle s shyla. Damn. Okay. Because it's like why you were tear down another black woman regardless if she was a black woman or not. We've been voting for white men forever. So why are you messing with this woman? Okay, Thank you. I Knew what You saying.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking should Janet Jackson get Donkey of the day? Damn. It's looking like she going to get that big as he. How y'all We'll take some calls when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj. NV just Larry Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la feeling in for Jess. Y you right Lauren la said what? Thank you. I said are you all right? I'm always okay. All right. Should we give Janet Jackson donkey today? That is the question. Why? I don't know man. You know. I saw over the weekend people was hitting me up saying, uncle Charlotte, you gotta give Janet Donkey today. I went to go see what she said to the guardian You know she told the Guardian. And in, in regards to Kamala Harris, she's not black. That's what I heard. So clearly Janet is just misinformed.


I feel like this is just an opportunity to teach correct her, debunk the misinformation. Keep it moving. But people want Janet to get the donkey today. Hello, Who's this? Good morning. My name is Kay. What's Up? Kay. Should, should Janet get donkey today? Yes. She deserves donkey today. Wow. Why do you say that? Because she is a superstar. You should have more knowledge and be more informative. You shouldn't rely on people to tell you these things. This election is important and she has influence. She should be more careful of what she's saying. Okay? Okay. Thank you mama. Hello. Who's this? Jay calling from Florence, South Carolina. What's Up brother? You think Janice should get donkey today?


Of course not. Why? Why? Why should she? I mean, like you said, it's misinformation, but if she don't know, she don't know. Okay. That's how I feel. Yep. Hello? Who's this? This is Nikki. Hey Nikki. Good morning. Should, should Jada Jackson get donkey today? She should not. Why? Because we all make, make mistakes. And even though she's a celebrity, why is she not available or able to make mistakes? We give misinformation all the time. She's able to receive misinformation just like we're able to receive misinformation. She shouldn't be held accountable for that. Okay. I agree. Thank you. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name?


Veronica. Veronica. Should Janet Jackson get donkey today? I think she should be held accountable. Absolutely. Why? Well, she hasn't watched the news in the past several days. Okay. Maybe I haven't either. However, our vice president has been in office for three and a half years now. We all should know that she's black. Unacceptable. She should offer an apology. Okay. Alright. Thank you so much. Thank All right, Charlemagne. Well what's gonna do the people have spoken Janet Jackson, you need to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with you. Dammit. Please give Janet Jackson the biggest. He haw. Listen, I I I feel like You know you should just correct her.


Debunk the information. Use it as an opportunity to teach and keep it moving. The last lady did bring up a very good point. It's not like the vice president has hasn't been in office the last three and a half years. You. know what I mean? Yep. So at the very least you should know she's black and Indian. Mm. You might not know both, but you at least should know one of those parts. I thought it was a little, and it should be the black part. It was a little, It was a little wild for her not to at least know that she'd be at the reunion. Well some people are just probably not in the Pollocks. Not in the know. Probably don't care. Probably don't look up. I'm sure Janet Jackson lives under You know In her own bubble. Her bubble. She's Jen Jackson bubble. But still, I mean You know how touchy politics are. You could've been like, I don't wanna answer that. Alright, well we got just with the mess with Long LaRosa coming up.


What we talking about? We do. So this is a legal one. Dame Dash Is he, he along with some attorneys are claiming that You know how Jay-Z was supposed to be getting the reasonable doubt rights back. Yep. In six years or something like that. Yep. He's saying that that is not true. And we're gonna get into why. Okay. All right. We'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. A great day. All day Long. Yes I am. Morning Everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lo and La Rosa. You music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody. Nobody Worldwide. Just worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who With Lauren? Lauren LaRosa. I And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So real quick. Wanna make sure we shout out again. The iHeart Music Festival, which took place at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas over the weekend, hosted by Ryan c Crest performers, big Sean, Camilla Cab beo, Doja Ka when Ani Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows Victoria, Monet Dua, Lippa Halsey. So many other people. Envy. I know you were there as well too. Yeah, I was there Friday. Friday. It was a great event. It's a great event each and every year. There's so much going on around the event. It was, it's just a cool event. 'cause you could see, like you said, there's all different types of music from different genres.


From old to new to to young. There's, there's kids there, there's there's, it's, it's so many people. We had a great time out there. So, so to everybody that came out and that I see at the iHeart Radio Music Festival in Vegas. Night one, the new kids on the block announced the right stuff. Las Vegas residency, everybody's gonna Vegas and they brought out Flavor Flav. They per perform their song Hanging Tough. And then night two, big Sean shouted out his young son and his father during his performance as well. So yeah, good times. Good times. iHeart. Now moving on, we gotta get into some Dame Dash stuff. So we've been reporting on for some time about Dame Dash You know owing a bunch of money, 8.7 million in taxes.


197 K of that is like child support. And there's this auction that is supposed to be taking place but things keep happening. That auction was postponed. They moved it up price wise. So the auction went from 1.2 million to now 3.3 million because the New York is trying to help Dane pay off all of the debt through this auction. Right. And all the people that he owes money to. Now Dane had some things to say over the weekend because there was a new filing that happened by one of the attorneys in the case. And. I'll get into all of that. But let's take less than a Dane. The video he posted over the weekend. Something was filed in the court on Friday that my lawyer brought to my attention. And I was really surprised that TMZ The Breakfast Club and earned your leisure.


Haven't spoken about this yet. So this is filed by New York State, not me. Jay-Z's statements to the press have poisoned the environment for the auction.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road. And the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void, book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort in a non-drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Gari studded spike bag. Spike Valentino is that girl the gold aluminum packaging fully. And boss with Maison Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in vibrant news and pops of color from Couture industries to spike a pose to its Valentino baby beyond its heritage. Spike Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel and cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated and delivers high pigment color after one stroke. Wear it bold or soft and blurred for a more subtle look. Tell us how you wear Spike Valentino.


He is claimed that his, that he has a termination right under the Copyright Act and that the rights of reasonable doubt will revert to him in six years. In fact, he has no such termination. Right. And RAF is entitled to renewal term, which is now 67 years. Meaning it will own the copyrights until the year 2098. In other words, the highest possible auction price could be more than 10 times higher than it is likely now. Dang. Is that True? Okay, so that filing did happen on Friday. That filing was actually made by an attorney in the case who is representing the social services department under New York.


And, and basically that's the, he's coming in on behalf of the two women that dam Dame Dash has kids with that the child supporter is gonna be going to because when they figured out the pecking order, you guys remember we talked about how the child support was gonna be paid first off. Yeah. Gonna be distributed, right? Right. So that filing did happen. And basically what they're saying in this is that because they're claiming that that is not correct, they want Jay-Z or whoever, like they wanna pause this whole thing and they want Jay-Z or whoever to have to show in discovery what is evaluation of this. Where do the royalties really go? So I reached out and I've been kind of doing some digging and what I was able to find is a document, it's public, and this is a document from the trademark office.


This document actually does certify that in 2031 things will revert back to Jay-Z. So Six years, Jay-Z will get That's what this document is saying. Yes. Say, which I will, which one is true? Say, I mean. Okay, so I'm looking at this document from the trademark office. So I, and this is certifying it. So according to the trademark office, you have dead Presidents can't knock the hustle. Brooklyn's finest feeling. It Devil's 2020. I'm sorry, can I live Friender foe all of these songs. That's Reasonable doubt. That's reasonable doubt. Yes. I'm, I'm I'm just listing the names of the songs because there are two on here that are not listed as returning or gonna be terminated in June 25th, 2031. The two that will not be terminated at that time.


Can't knock the Hustle Fools Paradise Remix Debtor Alive part one. And can I live part two? That Was a bonus joint. Yeah. So because those were bonus things and they happened at a different time, they will go back in 2032 and 2033. So that's why I listed the difference of them. So from what I'm looking at from the trademark office, what this attorney filed in court, they, they basically are probably gonna use this to answer him and say, here you are right here, here's where it existed. But the judge, the court itself that is handling all this stuff for name Dash has not responded yet. I was told that he had, the judge has today and tomorrow to respond and get, they give them three days. So officially on record from the judge, we have not heard a thing yet. But from what I just found, what Jay-Z's lawyer put out a statement to say is true and what Dame Dash is saying is not true.


And they were trying to argue that all of this would've been what da what Jay-Z was saying in the beginning would've been not true because of whatever agreement they made in the beginning. Right. And the terms of the agreement. But according to the trademark Office certified, It's 33rd one, five years, he gets, he's able to get his rights back and the only two records is The Fool's Paradise. That's the one that Irv did over K Knock the Hustle. The other one I think was a, a Japan release over when he released it is album in Japan. Yeah. So I'll see what happens in court and how the court responds. I'm very interested to see. But yeah, now moving on. Tia and Tamara sister, sister, they not getting along or something. Tia came out over the weekend and talked about they're twins, right? Yeah. They're twins. And. I thought they were like besties but apparently not. Let's take a listen to Tia, The family dynamic of having a mom and a dad in one household.


And when you're dropping your kids off, you actually visually see how that is no longer being alone has been the most challenging part of my divorce. It's times like this when I feel and wish that my sister And I were still close. And I could You know pick up the phone and call her. But that's just not where we are right now. Now that was a a, a clip from Tia's new show on we tv. My next act and You know the internet fell out about this because we've, I've always thought that they were really close. But You know the internet goes and pulls receipts. So they actually found a video of Tamara on a red carpet speaking to et Take a listen to this video.


Tia is living her life right now and Tia is doing Tia Tia's returning to reality tv. Oh, I know. I didn't know until I found out what killed the rest of The. World. Any Chance we'll see you on there. She didn't ask me. So I take that as I'm shocked. No, no. She's like this is my story. Right. And You know. I can only respect that. Are you and Adam trying to set her up on any dates or anything? Are you guys playing Cupid at All? I feel like she doesn't want any of our input right now. That's And. I can only respect that. So I think she is doing her You know her better than anybody. So you like I'm not going no And I just, I'm respecting that Y'all. It's real. Y'all got siblings so you're not always cool with your brother sister, Right?


No, but lemme tell you something right now, if I was married And I was going through a very public, very hard Devo divorce. My brother is calling me no matter what we going through the fact that they did not even speak when all of this divorce stuff was happening, that means whatever went down behind the scenes with them, it's very real. You, you would call your sibling, I Got no sibling. I'm only child. So Selfish Charlamagne you would call your sibling. It depends what it was. And like you said, you don't know like they're a true fam family dynamic. Like they might not have that type of relationship. Like we might just assume they close like That. I always thought they were like besties. A part of me wanting twins is you Don't, we don't know Anything but we grew. I think it's the idea of t and Tamara's sister. Sister is like what we hold, what I hold onto And I know a lot of us have, because so many people were like dumbfounded by this.


They're the reason I wanna have twin girls. I want my girls to be like T and Tamara. Well maybe not now. Not. Alright, well that is just with the mess with Laura La Rosa. Thank you Lauren. You welcome. Alright. And, I salute to Hampton and Howard University over the weekend. I was in DC Saturday for the Battle of the HU at Audi Field. Lauren pulled up on me, she was three hours late but she still pulled up. Wow. Three hours late is pretty, you pulled up In the fourth quarter. I mean it was a lot going on. You didn't have to just look at the game. There was like, well against Salute to all the HBCUs, even If. you didn't go to Howard, the Hampton. We had an amazing time. So I just wanna salute to everybody that came out. Of course Hampton won.


So I just wanna salute To everybody. I didn't even know that until the next day when I saw y'all posted it, I'm like, oh, I didn't even know who won. Jesus Christ. All right, people's choice mixes up next and happy birthday to Jermaine Dupri jma. Today's Jermaine Dupre's birthday. So we'll start to mix off with some jd. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DHA Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa, filling in for Jess and salute to everybody that came out to the iHeartRadio Music Festival. Friday and Saturday was pretty dope. So many performances from Big Sean to Victoria. Monet to the weekend. I seen Flavor Flav to Camilla Cab. So many people. So If, you didn't get a chance to see it. You could definitely check it out on Hulu, starting October 7th and If, you wanna see backstage content, pictures, videos iheartradio.com/festival.


All right, And listen, slu, everybody I saw in New Orleans this weekend, man, I started off my, my day in New Orleans at Xavier University for the Inspire with with Inspire Nola for the Nola Love event. 4,500 people was out there at Xavier University. Man. So flew to everybody I saw there. Then I was at Baldwin and Company on Friday night, man, oh my God, with Cherise Gibson. She was the moderator. We had such an amazing time. Salute DJ at Baldwin Company Books, SLU to everybody who came out and You know had my first book Black Privilege on my second book, shook one on my third book. Get on to Do Line. I gotta come to New Orleans and just do a straight up like photo op, like book signing just for, just for all of the books that I put out, man.


So thank you to everybody at Baldwin and Company is thank you to everybody, my man, Larry Monroe. Larry, man, I appreciate all the hospitality this weekend. From your OG Morrow spot to the new spot. Morro Steaks, everything was fantastic. Food was amazing. Salute the upping Adam Eats. I went there for, for brunch on on Saturday. That's seafood biscuit with the shrimp and the crab meat. Lord had mercy with that sauce. I can't pronounce. Two, two to two two little sauce. T-C-H-O-U-P-I-T-O-U-L-A-S. Man, this thank you New Orleans. I had a great time. You can talk about this biscuit all morning, new Orleans. Listen, I love New Orleans. I had a great time in New Orleans this weekend, but that seafood biscuit hit, you hear me?


And that seafood gumbo and that lobster table with wild mushroom pasta sauce, the wild mushroom pasta at Moro steaks. Oh my God, Oh my God. Talk to Larry, Man. All right, well when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa, of course. Holding it down for Jess. Now you got a positive note. Yes I do, man. And I. Just want to tell everybody on this fine Monday morning, oh, I wanna remind people too. My fourth annual mental wealth ex expo happens October 12th at the Marriott Marque in Times Square. It is a free event, You know, and it's open to all ages. All you gotta do is go to mental wealth expo.com for more details and to register.


All right, so we'll see you on October 12th, 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott Marquee here in New York City from our fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo. Now, positive note, be humble. Okay. Being humble means recognizing that we are not on earth to see how important we can become, but to see how much difference we can make in the lives of others. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. We I Finish or y'all done?


High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary board. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Ready To elevate your game and connect with marketing's most, most influential leaders. Unlock your impact on culture at Black Week, October 15th through the 18th in New York City. Black Week is an economic forum and marketing conference created for and by Black and Latine top level executives in media, entertainment, tech, and more designed to inspire visionary professionals to lead with purpose. Black Week will redefine our economic profile in the market. Register now at Black week.co/register, black Week 2024. Claim your spot.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new re-imagined. Nissan kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet. Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.