
Need to shake up Mealtime Gorton Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying and convenient crunch. This side of the freezer aisle bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or mix up any main course from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer, battered filets, and classic fish sticks when it comes to easy prep restaurant quality flavor without the hefty price tag, nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I Think the choice is clear in this election. Join Me Charlemagne, the God for we the people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. And you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going fast. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio apps Hip Hop Beat station.


Good morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jen Solaris is on maternity leave. Lauren LaRosa filling in. What up, Lauren? Good morning, Charlemagne Guy. Peace To the Planet is Friday. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Blessed with another day to serve our beautiful listeners. That's right. We got a special guest co-host This morning. Yes, indeed. You might know this brother from wilding out. He's got a bunch of jobs. Great Job Today. Steve. Steve. Too many jobs. A Yeah. Too many jobs. Yes. Ladies and gentlemen, Nick Cannon will be co-hosting with us this morning. Drop ose bumps. Nick Cannon. Y'all Don't need me. Y'all are doing amazing, but I'm just here hanging out. How you feeling, Nick?


What's going on? I'm, man. Come on, man. You know. Just trying to stay on this side of, of the grass. Nick is in town. He got you got the Wilding Out show this weekend, right? Yeah. At the Barclays. Barclays Tonight. So You know it's pretty, I mean, we, I think it might be a few tickets left. I'm sure we sold out like Yeah, Y'all sold out in Chicago. Y'all know Chicago Was crazy. Yeah. Chicago was not. Was so many people there. Angel, Reese, g Herbo. Yeah. She was the team captain and baddies. Yeah. I had the whole, my brother Lemi and the Badies crew was out there, so we Okay. We went crazy. But Nick Can is a radio guy. So You know we don't gotta prep him or nothing. He ready to go. That's right. All right. He knows. He knows everything. Absolutely do well this morning we got Robert Kraft joining us this morning. You know Robert Kraft is the owner of the New England Patriots.


Yes. He's got a, a new foundation. Well, he got a foundation to combat antisemitism called FCAS, but he's got a new campaign called Timeout Against Hate. That's right. That's Right. That's right. And my man, SMA Minium will be here. You know a classic book that I love my grandmother's hands. He turns it into a children's book. That's right. And that is out right now. Plus he'll be at my fourth annual year old mental wealth expo that's happening tomorrow. That's right. From 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott Marque in Times Square. But also too, man, lemme tell you something. What? I woke up this morning, I said my prayers. I read my Daily Affirmations, and then I turned on the Gospel of Gorilla. Same. Okay. Same Gloria. Hallelujah. Woods. No, You played the gospel. Then you go right into the Kirk Franklin.


And she honestly is speaking the gospel. Yo, she, she's like, she's on there. Melissa Is the gospel. Let's Gloria. Hallelujah. Woods is anointed. And I. Don't care what none of y'all. He's got facts say about it. Facts. Okay. What You wanna hear? What we playing off the album? Oh, we gonna be playing stuff off Vulnerable. We might as well You know. Let start off. We start off. Let's start off with, hold on. That's just the You know. That's the one that That's the one, yeah, that's the one that's bubbling right now. Let's start off with, Hold on. You want, since you just started all the prayer, you don't wanna start the one with Kirk Franklin? Damn. No, not today is Friday though. We should start off with TGIF first. Didn't what you Yeah, let's do that. Gospel. You got that one up. I'm so, I love her. All Right, well let's get to Feel good Take. I hear the ancestors when she raps. Take Me back to homecoming. Nick Said that's his favorite rapper. You don't need to go back to homecoming. You don't need To go back to homecoming.


All right, let's get into it. It's The Breakfast Club. Front page news is next to Morgan Wood. Let's go morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Law LaRosa. Filling in for Jess and Nick Cannon is Co-host this morning. Yes sir. And let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Last night, WNBA, the Minnesota Links came back to beat the Liberty 95 93. Phenomenal Game. Yep. And Thursday Night Football, the 49 nineties beat the Seahawks 36 24. And last night in Major League baseball, the Yankees move on. They beat the Royals three one and the Guardians beat the Tigers. They tie the series five. Four Did You know the Tigers salary cap is $18 million? What the heck? That's not a lot of money.


I'm gonna tell you why. Yeah. $18 million is what they paid. The whole team. The whole team Paid As A Uni. Y'all gotta start doing steroids. Y'all gotta start doing steroids. They Was making so much money when they was doing steroids, But the fact that they went this far and only pay $18 million, just to put in perspective, judge on the Yankees makes 40 million a year. Wow. Yeah. And that whole team, the salary is 18 million. Who decides that though? Like how does that become a thing? The owner? Right? The owner. The owner decides there's no salary cap in baseball. So they can pay whatever they want, but they only pay out $18 million. How crazy is that? Got a bang for his buck. Yeah. They need a union. Something ain't right. That's Crazy. But the fact that they went this far and You know they paid 18 million.


Like I said, the Yankees pay Judge 40 million a year. That's crazy. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Dang. I was thinking y'all ain't gonna care about the news this morning. Okay, so let's get into it. President Joe Biden, he's calling out former President Donald Trump after spreading misinformation about federal government. The federal government's response to Hurricane Helene and Milton Trump said last weekend that people who lost their homes and hurricanes would only receive $750 in federal aid while speaking at the White House on Thursday about Hurricane Milton. Specifically Biden said, that's just a lie to suggest that all are going to that, that's all that people are going to get. Let's hear from Biden, Mr. President Trump, former President Trump. Get a life man. Help these people, Mr. Trump and every, all those other people know, it's a lie to suggest that's all they're gonna get.


That's bizarre. It's bizarre. They gotta stop this. So Biden went on to say that Trump and others who spread information are un-American. This comes as there has been at least 12 fatalities reported as a result of the storm of Hurricane Milton. To be specific Biden fears, the death toll will only rise in the coming days following Hurricane Milton. And that he's been in contact with local leaders in Florida and promise to provide all the assets they need more on Biden. We know from previous hurricanes that it's often the case that more lives are lost. Today is following the storm than actually during the storm itself. I know recovery and rebuilding projects can take a long and difficult time, but as long after the press and the cameras move on, I promise you, you have to pick up the pieces still.


I want you to know what was the everything on our power to help you put pieces back together and get all that you need. Biden also spoke with Secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin, about providing military assistance in hard hit areas impacted by Milton and Helene. He also, okay. Yeah. He talked about the misinformation. Meanwhile, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis says Milton was significant but wasn't the worst case scenario. That forecasters feared, thank God. Right, exactly. The damage is extensive and at least 3 million homes all remain without power. Search and rescue efforts are ongoing with hundreds being rescued so far. Let's hear from Florida Governor Ron DeSantis. We're continuing supporting search and rescue operations.


As of this afternoon, at least 340 individuals and 49 pets have been rescued. They are hard at work. I know. This area's FPLI know they're, they're planning a big push. So we feel very confident that those folks are working very hard. And you're gonna see some good stuff here in the ensuing time period. Well, the gag is to Floridians take this into to account the Florida governor said that the Sunshine State is a state of law and order. So if there's some things that he's saying You know you might want to be, basically you wanna listen to your governor. He mentioned looting saying that looting following Hurricane Milton will not be tolerated.


I can only imagine You know that people are out there trying to get it how they live You know what I'm saying? Dessan DeSantis says he has brought in massive amounts of state officers to help with recovery e efforts, and confirmed he is working with federal government for assistance. The Republican governor also addressed the recent reports that he ignored Vice President Kamala Harris's call saying if he thought there were anything to be gained from speaking with her, then he would have. So yeah, that's y'all elected official. I'm just saying Florida. Florida going Florida. And of course, go ahead. Go ahead Sean. No, no, no. I was just gonna say, You know Trump. Trump did get all the misinformation wrong. But You know, once you call out the misinformation, you have to give the right information and the right info is they did get $750. But that's the type of assistance that FEMA provides to disaster survivors to help with immediate needs like food, water, and baby formula.


But they can apply for for more. And Do they have to pay that back? 'cause that's what the, the rumor was that people gotta pay. You gotta pay it back And If, you don't pay it back. People will lose their homes. That was part of the misinformation. And. I also do hate when they talk like Trump is the president, like, like President Biden said, Trump helped these people. I know he has influence over the Republican party, but stop talking about him like he's the shadow president. He's running un Unless he is Biden. Unless y'all wanna tell us. Unless y'all wanna tell us something. Biden Might have forgot. Right. You know He is from Delaware. Oh, don't do us Morgan. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Alright, well let's get to the last one, Florida Senator Rick Scott. He told President Biden and FEMA needs to open up offices closer to the areas where Hurricane Milton was hit. He addressed a number of things when the two of them spoke yesterday.


Can we roll on Florida? Senator Rick Scott, he Agreed with me that, that Congress needs to come back and make sure the federal agencies, fema, SBA, HUD Department of Agricul are fully funded. Not just for the disaster in Florida, but for the disaster with Helene in Georgia, east Tennessee, in North Carolina. I've also called on the majority leaders Senate to call us all back and let's get this funding done to make sure we have all the resources we need. See bipartisan efforts. You see that Lord of Senator Rick Scott, he's a Republican. He's working with Biden. They're doing things that are actually supposed to be done for the people. So kudos to them in regards to that. And the senator went on to say that Floridians are resilient people.


So best of luck to those in Florida. Impacted by the storm. That's your front page news at 6:00 AM at seven. We'll talk about what's going on on the campaign trail. Alright. And salute to Lieutenant Dan. Lieutenant Dan is the gentleman that was on the boat in Florida. Yes. That they wouldn't, he wouldn't get off the boat. They tried to arrest him. They tried to pull him off the boat. They offered him housing. They offered him a hotel. They, he made It through the Storm though. He made it through the storm with no problem. He just said he was a little tired 'cause he couldn't get some sleep. But he stayed on that boat and wound up getting somebody or donated him a hundred thousand dollars boat. So now he got offered another boat. So he's gonna get another boat. So it's Lou to Lieutenant Dan. I Alright. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Nick Cannon is our co-host this morning.


So it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast. Club. Wake Up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest. Mad. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Nando speaking. Good morning. How y'all doing? Nando? What's up? Peace. Get it off your chest. Hey yo. Hey man. Look, it's Hispanic Heritage Month, right? And I just wanna let You know DJ envy the Spanish community. Pride of you, man. I'm not You Dominican. I'm not Spanish bro. I'm black. I you're Dominican. I swear I'm Black. You can't put them down doing your own Might. I Am black. You better pop out with gang. Don't look, look, look, be claiming you, man.


We happy to have you. Keep doing your thing, man. But I'm black, Dominican. Can't me Happy somebody claiming you, envy You. Dominican You know people out Here not being claimed. Stop it, man. I'm black people really be thinking that I'm black. Hello? Who's this? Hello, this is Daisha. I'm from Boston, Massachusetts, but I'm in South Carolina right now. Good morning. What part of SCU in di. Okay. Flu. Everybody in Dylan, we All right. Dang. Well get it off your chest, mama. I would pause and say when you're getting into a relationship, like at the beginning, you be truthful. The sneaky links are unnecessary. Like we're all grown. Like if we're just gonna have sex, and that's what should be.


It should be talked about at the beginning because that's how people's feeling Get hurt. Who hurt your feelings, mama? Stop dating them white guys because black men don't cheat. What Or what? Say cheat though. Y'all were Very, you said what? I said that's right. All right. Okay. Well thank you mama. Have a have a better That shit came here for a hug. That's that's right. She came for a hug. And I mean, I don't know why she out there dating white men. If she, if she don't wanna get cheated on If. you don't wanna get cheated on and date a black man. Hello? Who's this? What's the problem? Yo. NV You know the vibe. Just mellow. Meow. What's up? Meow Man, life is amazing. It is what it should be. Uncle Charlotte, how you feeling? Peace, mellow. How you doing, man? Just out here listening to the Gospel of Gorilla on this fine Friday morning. Absolutely. Shout out to Gloria.


Hallelujah. Woods. You already know. Hello? Hello. Cool, babe. What's up? Good morning. I'm not even gonna hold you. I can't quote you that no more. You like white men? Oh my Mr. King. Oh my God. Wow. It was good. If. you listen, If, you listen to the demon in this room, he gonna always steer you wrong. They can see that the l white, white, white man on you. I'm, I'm not gonna hold you. Uncle Charlamagne is baldheaded with a bald spot. And I. Listen to him all the time. I don't, I don't have a bald spot. I know you baldheaded with a bald spot, but respectfully. And you look like a soccer stud. But I'm not gonna hold you Happy bald day meow. Happy Board day. Mellow. You feel me? It's Gang. I would tell you happy birthday, but my white name won't allow me. Go. Let's get it. And I'm not even gonna hold you.


This is actually weird. The Breakfast Club. Yo. I actually met Nick Cannon on my 15th birthday. He came to my high school homecoming. Oh. And full circle moment tonight. My girlfriend got me front row tickets to Wild. Now at De Buckley. Let's go. That's what it is. There it is. You feel me? You know. I mean, I'm a black man. It's my 30th. That's an accomplishment. You. know what I mean? It's supposed to be black in America. Facts. Facts. That's what it is. LL cool. I know your boyfriends gonna know a lot about that because you like white men, but You know what I mean. That's Right. They can see the, the, the spirit of white man lust all over you. Damn. But I appreciate y'all. Happy Friday. You feel me? On this Friday. You know the Vibe. Yes, sir. We gonna bring you on stage. All I am with It.


All right, let's get it. All right. Meow. Nick said where does, where does it come from? Tell him where it comes from. Lauren. I said Travis Kelsey was cute. No, she said fine. Fine, Floyd. He was a screen screenshot on her Phone. You're you're That's a lie. That is a lie that I don't even have. What's, what's so cute about him? He not cute no more. But he was cute. Oh, when he was, when he was You know. Yeah. Black fishing. He was Black fishing. Well he was kind. Not cute. No more black. But I said that and now everybody in The World thinks I date white men. You do. It's true. No, I, It's okay. And when you was lucky over Cali plant. Yes you was. That was you. You was Goog eyeing that bro. Googling that is Not true. Going crazy. He walked in this room. First of all, that means I think he's married. That's number one. That's what we tried, tried to tell you. Try to tell me you didn't care.


You try to throw me out there. You always throw me out there too. We gotta have a conversation. You bait for black fish. Dude, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Not of his mind. Keep the weapon. His first sentence, tree symbolizing a bro. Code on video strapped to your top with GoPro and slow mo. They just don't get itse with it. It some easy as them cooking like jeans that fit with your big og. Og. Okay. OG Rock. Okay, og. You got some ball Nick, I Can't mess with no Ball went Crazy.


I got balls. og. I got it. You ready? Let's go. Let's go baby. I'm a jiggle low getting lots of dope. I'm chilling with Nick can and Lord the roast in that little hoe. You know the little one that likes the baby oil. You know the one that his drawers against soil. I'm talking about Charlotte, the gang Boss. Charlotte the gang. It's six something on a Friday. Hold on, hold on. It's six something on a Friday. It's 62 degrees. I don't like no men but the bottoms, they like me and be strapped up with my stu scrapped up with my fishes. Envy. Wasn't Diddy house? Probably doing dishes? Doing dishes By hanging with the bagel. It's crazy.


Did you use the dishwasher? No washing paper plates too. De had washing paper plates. He must have really put it on. You was washing paper Original. You said I like white men. Now you, we know what you like to wipe down the here I'm about to call you. Wipe me down. Envy all day. Damn. Yo. Watching paper plates in Diddy house while wipe me down is playing is crazy. It's Crazy. That's crazy. That's Unworkable. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent here. This up now we got just with the mess for Lauren Osa. What We talking about? We do. We got a, a quick Diddy update. Things went quick yesterday in court for him and he remains detained. You out. No. Oh, I'm just joking. Nick, you ever been to a Diddy party? Yeah, I DJ'ed some of them before.


Really? Yeah. What was the soundtrack? I make sure the la the last one I DJ was when he was the, when The World was giving him his flowers at the Love the Club love stuff. Yeah. The BET award. The after party. Oh, I remember that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You was there. No, I was supposed to go, but I think I got there late. It was at The time was crazy. Was dj. I left early though. But You know. Everybody Say I left early, But You Know. Right. Well just with the messes. Up next with Lauren Ro. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club


Need to shake up. Mealtime Gordon Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying and convenient crunch. This side of the freezer aisle bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or mix up any main course from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer, battered filets and classic fish sticks when it comes to easy prep. Restaurant quality flavor. Without the hefty price tag, nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I think the choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlamagne to God for we the people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. And you live from Detroit, Michigan exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tuesday At 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio apps Hip hop beat station.


Nick Cannon is co-hosting this morning. You all in his Pocket? Yeah. What you Tonight? Nick Cannon is gonna be at the Barclays for a while and now, so If, you haven't got your tickets. There's some still tickets available. Very few. So get your tickets, apps absolutely positively, quickly. And let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Your music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't spare. Nobody worldwide. Just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me. So Diddy and team were in court yesterday. And so this was a status hearing.


So during the status hearing, there was a lot of different stuff presented. I know earlier when we teased it, I said that he remains still in custody and that is because they did deny bail. However, this is just the district judge. So he still has another opportunity in the appeals court with a appeals judge where there will be three, it's actually gonna be three judges. It's three judge panel. Different judges than who, A different judge than who we saw yesterday to try again for bail. But as of right now, it has been denied at the district level. Now what they decided yesterday was that there's gonna be a gag order on both sides. So the prosecutor's office and Diddy's team are no longer allowed to give out statements to the press information leak, whatever. 'cause you remember Diddy's team was saying that Cassie video and other things were leaked and they believed that the, the Department of Homeland Security did it.


Okay. So they brought this up directly in court. So when Diddy's teams came in and, and they, they talked about the fact that they believed that stuff was being leak leaked. And it's unfair. They said racist. Right. Racist. So let no, well, no. So first, wait, let's back up. So they didn't, Diddy team didn't say racist yesterday. It was the prosecutor's office. So Diddy scene came in and was like, look, y'all been doing us a disservice. Y'all are leaking stuff. Y'all are making this case hard. It's unfair. The prosecutor's office said, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Not the same attorney that sat down with TMZ and did a whole documentary and said that the prosecutor's office is racist and trying to take down a black man. And we couldn't get him on anything else. So we came for his bedroom. Like basically like you're, you're saying we're doing all this stuff, but we see you front and center.


The star of a documentary. So from there, a judge decided like, look on both sides, like I think, think that this is what should happen. And both sides, both sides agreed. Like, okay, we'll be quiet yesterday in court. His mom, his his children, his daughters, his sons were there. I thought that this was You know something worth mentioning his appearance in court. Like he was, he seemed very happy, very upbeat. He was waving to his kids. His mom was blowing him. Kisses. He does, he came in, he hugged his attorneys. So it doesn't seem like he's threatened at all. His next court date is going to be May 5th. This is the date where the trial like that stuff will actually start happening. Another thing we're mentioning too, you you guys know how we were trying to figure out like You know how much stuff do they have, right?


So the prosecutor's office is saying that they're gonna need about three weeks to present their case because they have so much stuff just in the beginning. Like just in the raids of the house in Miami and the house in la, they seized 96 devices and it's, it's gonna take them at least a month to go through it. And that's not even including what they got from the airport and just other things that they have been able to grab. And, and they did mention again that superseding indictment, which means things will probably change and they're gonna add more stuff as they find other things. How Much freaking was freaking off? I don't know. Pretty much. They said there was a lot. They said there's a lot that they, they possibly can't get into. Like, I guess the way it was recorded or maybe the passwords on them that they won't be able to get through. Yeah, they said they get a lot of the stuff. Yep. They're saying that they're having issues getting into things and that they have to like, once they think they can get into something, then they gotta figure out a new technology to do it.


Because some of the tablets and stuff like that are old. The defense was like, I hear y'all, but we only need a week to present our case. We gonna be good. We only need a week. How Horny was Diddy? He had to be like the haw Horst man married. That's not a crime. Being horny though and liking what you like is not a crime. And I talking about. I'm just saying like how horny was he? Years and years and years. How horny are you? They can go through All your devices in your house. Like imagine like you just got random stuff in your house. They're not saying everything on there is freak off, But they just gotta go, gotta go look through 'em. They gotta look through 'em stuff. How many devices y'all got in your houses Though? That's what I'm saying. Think about like, I have, my kids got 3000 iPads That they, they not going through the kids stuff.


They not they're going to daddy stuff. Well, Nick, you gotta try. But it's a, it's a lot of kids. I would say it's a lot of devices and most people would Have to go through all your kids. I would hate have to go through all your kids. My God. The prosecution would hate to see them. Devices Coming up three years. Three years. Three years. A whole lot. Honestly. Roblox, that's what you gonna see. Well, I did wanna mention too that the Cassie video did come back up. Remember we talked about like You know that being a main focus. Yep. And the prosecutors were, they hit back at the whole we need to gag order because the the government is leaking things with, let's be honest here. Y'all just wanna suppress a certain piece of evidence. And it, and it doesn't make any sense that you guys are trying to do that. So they wanted to make it clear like we know what you guys are trying to do.


You're making it about statements. It can't really be about statements. And I know The law is the law, but if something leaks that shows you actually committing a crime, do we care if it was leaked? Well we, I mean if Diddy's attorneys will, The Public doesn't. The public doesn't. But the Diddy's attorneys will because I mean you can try for mistrials. Yes you can. There's a lot of Technical legal that they can't use that against you. But do the same rules apply to judges that apply to like jurors? 'cause like You know. Did they say jurors can't watch media can't talk to people. So you're not influenced. But that's impossible. You're supposed to, but yeah, like you said, that's impossible. Yeah. Yeah. There's no way. I mean, everybody seen that video? Yeah. Well, we'll we'll stay like tight. He has a lot of stuff coming. Whoa. He has a Yeah. That had the same type.


Yeah. Damn. And tight too. It's so you can't even Say nothing. Can't say nothing. That's what the baby oil was for. So it wasn't Oh, look at you tell us more. Oh, okay. And like only two people in this room right now have been to Diddy parties. You ain't never been to a Diddy. It's not me. It's Not Sean? No. Okay. What's classified as a Diddy party? 'cause you done, you definitely been to some stuff That a a bad boy event? Nope. I never been to a Diddy. Boy, you Ain't, y'all ain't never been to one of Puffy's parties. Most Diddy parties are usually during holiday. It is like Labor Day, Memorial Day Beach in the city and all that. Y'all Don't live in LA too? Because in LA he was doing them like every week. But they were, I I don't know about the crazy stuff. It was just like, I've even been there one when I was a kid.


Like 16, 17 Switch one. Come on. I live my truth. I, I remember standing outside You know, trying to get into a, a puff party out here in New York. Like everybody was out. Like how the, how the one more chance video looked? That was real, real stuff out here. Like what else? People standing at the door who can get in and stuff. Like that's bad. Boy parties was official in New York in the late nineties. So I Hey, whatever y'all, I know what you're saying. Get quiet. I know what You're saying. Way this is thing. Everybody gets scared to talk because they probably got something to hide.


I ain't got nothing to Hide. I don't have nothing to hide. I Been, I was in there Harlem, shaking, doing all of that stuff, but it wasn't come on. Whatever. Harlem, I'm shaking Nick in the nineties. Pause and, and all of that stuff. What you hiding? Why you always thinking like that Harlem Shake Nick in the Nineties's. Just funny man. All right. You got time. Don't get nervous Lauren. Okay. I'm not nervous. I'm She M made her think smell like, damn. How many many parties you been To Lauren? I've been through a couple of them, but I've never been to the crazy stuff. I told y'all that I have nothing to hide. We great Times. I think it's unfair that we are classifying a good party with a freak off. I just think it's hilarious. Who Was drinking Brown dot Ciroc? Let us know that.


Brown dot Ciroc. Well see that's the thing. I don't drink. I don't do drugs. So I was like, I don't know all that. They don't, Wasn't a did party sober. I don't, I'm my life sober. I've never been drunk in my life. Laura's Drunk right now. Laura Took A shot this morning. Take a shot this morning. You a shot? I didn't, I did wanna ask Kidsy if she wanted to, but I was like, she's at work. Next break. Okay. Alright. Elon Musk. Yeah. So we only got one minute. Yeah, you got it. Okay. So Elon Musk dropped some new stuff. Well he updated one thing and then announced some new things. So the iRobot, this is something that he's been talking about since 2021. Is It called the I Robot? It's actually a humanoid robot. It's named Optimist. Optimist. But it, it is literally giving I robot. I have some pictures for you guys.


Definitely the IRO robot or optimists in these photos pouring drinks. I'm not mad. I'm a, I'm a buy pouring Drinks. I I want a few. I'm a buy one. Them robots gonna be me too and people in 30 years. In 30 years, the robot's gonna be me too. So this new version of Optimist, 'cause they redid the design is more human like. It's an estimated 20 K price tag. The goal of this is to provi perform tasks that are unsafe, repetitive, or boring. So like there's videos of this robot folding T-shirts back in June. He said this robot could babysit your kids. Nick. I mean I, I'm with it. I need help. Watch the kids supervised hundred 20. I done told her about 500,000 of robots for you to watch kids.


Okay. And he also said that this robot could just simply be a companion or a friend as well. But You know people that Gets weird. People Mean a companion. People have safe animals as safety companions and all that stuff. So maybe You know. I don't know that telling you This robot's gonna be my landscape. Exactly. Watching my car, it's gonna be my security. The R two details. It can be security. That facts gonna be programming them to do wild stuff. The R 2D two movement 30 years. That's not the R 2D two watch. R two Me too. That's right. R two ME two, R two Me too movement. I hate y'all Watch. Oh my God. Well Nick, 20 k price tag. I was gonna say get the coin ready but you got it.


He got it. He got it. I'm gonna say If you. Maybe you could pre-order Facts. I was mad too. Chain was there. I was like, I I didn't get the invite. Yeah. Chain Was there. I've seen chains there. He said he's ordering a couple too. Eli If, you hear this, you listen. You need to invest over here. Alright, well that is just with the mess with Laura la and now when we come back we got front page news And also You know 7:00 AM is the God hour. Okay. Seven is God's number. What you doing And the gospel of Gorilla has arrived in the form of this album called Glorious. So after the station ID plays, I want to hear Gorilla featuring Kirk Franklin City Music. Kiara, she and Chand La Moore. Okay. You worked with Kera before too, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's family. There's an anoint on Gorilla's Life Facts and I'm not arguing with you Evens about it. All right. And then Robert Kraft will be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club.


Good morning The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same That Joe is. Back to host the BET Hip Hop award 2024 from Dres Las Vegas with gunna E 40, Trina Central C and Travis Scott taking the stage Premier's Tuesday, October 15th at eight seven Central on BET. Search and post with hashtag hip hop awards. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess and Nick Cannon is our co-host this morning, sir. And let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Well let's get into it then. So former President Trump, he's going after the Biden Harris administration again on the economy after some poor reports, the consumer price index and the barometer of inflation rose more than expected is in September.


And initial filings for unemployment benefits also unexpectedly turned higher. For last week, speaking at the Detroit Economic Club on Thursday, Trump chided the White House and for keeping inflation higher than when he was in office. Let's hear from Trump on Kamala and the polls Under Biden and Harris because of inflation, the economy has been a total disaster. But Kamala says that she can't think of one thing that she would do differently. But the only reason that the stock market has gone up is because Donald Trump is doing very well in the polls and it looks like he's going to win. Yeah. So the latest polling information shows that former president Donald Trump was or does have a slight lead over Vice President Kamala Harris and the critical swing states of Pennsylvania and Michigan.


The Emerson College polling shows Trump with a 49% in Harris with 48% in the Keystone State. And they're tied at 49% in Michigan. But You know what the truth You know what the truth is though. The truth is inflation is at its lowest level since February of 2021. The problem is the the, the price of everything else is too high. Like the price of actual goods is too high. But inflation is literally at its lowest level since February of 2021. That's right. They did cut the make those cuts recently. But speaking of Michigan, Trump said that if he doesn't win in November, our whole country will end up like Detroit. Now Michigan governor Gretchen Whitmer, he Yeah, I know right Gretchen. What up though? Gretchen, Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer responded to Trump on X by saying, keep Detroit out your mouth and you better believe Detroiters won't forget this.


In November, mayor Mike Dugan on social media, he said that a lot of cities should be like Detroit adding that. We did it all without Trump's help. Now meanwhile, former president Barack Obama, he was on the campaign trail for Kamala Harris in Pennsylvania. He spoke in Pittsburgh yesterday where he told crowds, America is ready to turn the page to a better story and elect Harris, let's hear from former President Obama on voting. So whether this election is making you feel excited or scared or hopeful or frustrated or anything in between, do not just sit back and hope for the best. Get off your couch and vote. Yeah, Obama added that VP Harris has a, a great running partner in Governor Tim Walls.


He went on to say that she, under that Obama says the, that she also understands the struggle of the middle class and outlined her plan to give financial help to first time home buyers, new parents and small business owners. Obama reminded voters of what the economy looked like when he left office in 2016. Let's hear more from the former President Obama. And the reason some people think, wow, I don't know, I don't remember that economy when he first came in being pretty good. Yeah, it was pretty good 'cause it was my economy look had had 75 straight months of job growth that I handed over to him.


It wasn't something he did. I had spent eight years cleaning up the mess that the Republicans had left me the last time. That is simply a fact talk, that talk regardless how you feel about President Obama. That's the fact. So yes, in comparison he said Donald Trump only gives tax breaks to corporations. And the super rich, speaking of Democratic vice presidential candidate, oh, excuse me, Tim Walls, he was being questioned after he strayed away from official Kamala Harris campaign position. Recently the Minnesota governor told supporters in Seattle and Sacramento that the electoral college needs to be abolished. However, the Harris campaign came out and said that that statement is not a part of their campaign agenda.


So just to make that clear, that is Wall's opinion and how he feels. I don't necessarily disagree with him, I Agree with him. What's wrong with that statement? I No, I was elector. College needs to be abolished. Didn't need to be abolished That Yes, I agree with you on that. I was saying ID don't necessarily disagree with walls by saying that, but it is not so we can't hold him to the fire when You know if something like that does not happen because that's not a Harris campaign agenda item. I hate the electoral college. Like it makes no sense for me. Popular vote she went, it should just be up straight up. That's it. I'm with you. Absolutely. And while we're talking about vice presidential nominees, JD Vance on the other side of the aisle, he's making campaign stops in Greensboro, the Republican US Senator from Ohio will be hosting a town hall and Cory at the Cory Convention Center tonight.


And his special guest moderator will be former race car driver Danica Patrick. So yeah, well let's bring it home to New York then. There's reportedly another investigation going on into the New York City. Mayor Adams industry. There no one I know. I know right When the the heads are rolling. Sources tell the New York Times, the Manhattan District Attorney's office is looking into the city's real estate leasing deals with commercial properties. The Times reports that investigators have seized phones from five people and the investigation possibly centers around bribery and money laundering crimes. Now Mayor Adams is fighting unrelated federal bribing bribery and illegal campaign contribution charges. So this is on top of what's already going on.


There are several other active probes in the Adams administration. So yes, I will continue to keep you guys updated on what's going on with New York City Mayor Eric Adams, his administration and what's happening with all of those charges associated with that. So yeah, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. And check us out at BIN news.com. Happy Friday. Cheers to the weekend. Thank you. Morgan Friday. All right, now when we come back, Robert Kraft will be joining us. Of course. He's the owner of the New England Patriots. He has a new campaign called Time Out Against Hate and we're gonna talk to him next.


So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club od that made you hire him as the first black head coach of the Patriots. I saw him come in on our team as a 10th pick. We picked him in the first round and that was actually at the time, the highest pick we had ever had since I owned the team. Hmm. That was in oh eight and the second year he was with, I think he got voted defensive Rookie of the Year. You know number one. And then in his second year with us, he got elected captain and guys voted for him who had won Super Bowls.


Wow. So it told me something that he could get respect of people that You know and in locker rooms I, I watched little things. He played eight years and then he left us. It went in the private industry, worked in private industry, reached back out and said he really wanted to get into coaching and he coached us three, four years. So the varied experience was special. Now I've taken 27 missions to the holy land. Mainly Christians and athletes who haven't seen the country. How about Israel? Pardon? Israel. Yes.


When we were there we had a group of athletes and we were delayed at the airport. And I think there were like over 20, he organized them in the airport. He got a discussion going and showed just unique leadership. You know and in life when you're hanging with people, You know you connect for different reasons and the the light went off. And I said anyone that can relate light this to young people. 'cause The World is different than I bought the team 31 years ago. Wow. And You know I've watched the transition of players, the impact of social media, how you relate.


It's different. You gotta adapt. And I just thought he had something special. And I respected. I called my eldest son from the Holy Land that night. And I said, I think I got our next head coach. Wow. Wow. What that was five years ago. What still excites you? I mean you you, you did the Super Bowl thing, you owned all different types of teams. You're a philanthropist, you traveled around The, World what still you are as But I was gonna see that point. Yeah, No I'm not. I'm comfortable. What? Yeah, right. That's your version of comfortable. We comfortable if that's your version of comfortable We are poor. Yeah. Let me hold something comfortable. Lemme hold comfortable. Can I tell you something?


And it's why You know Today we launched a campaign to stop All Hate Time Out. Why? Why? Yeah. Time out again. But why did I do it? Because I was a kid who lived in a walkup apartment. I went to college on a full scholarship. I went to graduate business school on a full scholarship. Didn't have a car, I was 25. And I dreamt big And I had my dreams. And I was able to make a number of them come true. Like I lo I own an NFL franchise in my hometown. You know I had a greater chance of being a starting quarterback in the NFL. There were 32 quarterbacks and some of these teams don't sell for a hundred years.


But I did the things along the way I had to do. And we started a little paper and packaging company 52 years ago. We're in 127 countries today. And it's all because of our country and opportunities for anyone who wants to take advantage of it. And, I see things changing and You know. That's why I started this campaign. It seems like you've always, well in more recent times it seems like you've been involved in public service. Has that always been your thing? Have you always been involved in community issues and what's going on in society? Yes. I was privileged to have great parents. I was a sort of a wild kid, a middle child. And I had a mom and dad who gave me great love.


But my mom really disciplined me. Thank God and You know if you're blessed to have one or two parents who give you good love and discipline, that's worth more than financial resources for you to operate in The World because he gives you a strong foundation. But to answer your question, I had a dad who while he didn't have material riches, he was the greatest man I ever knew because he was spiritual and he left me an ethical will. And he said, when you go to bed at night, make sure the people you've touched that day a richer for having known you. Wow.


Even though he had modest income, he taught me a rule. He said, you always give 10% of whatever your income is away as a minimum to people who are more needy. Oh wow. And the only thing I ever heard my parents argue about was about money because he was so good he never was able to accumulate. But I was blessed to have that legacy. So I ask all of us out there who are privileged to have kids, to invest that time and energy and try to give similar values. That's Right. Now when did you, I don't wanna say when did you realize, but a lot of times people with a lot of money don't understand how bad it is for other people because they're never there.


But you on the other hand, are completely opposite. Like you do things that most people don't do. We seen you do it with Meek. We see you do it with all these other organizations. Why? Well, it goes back to my dad, but quality that we've lost in society today is empathy. You know we don't listen to the what's going on. And look, that's why I think your show is amazing. I don't know, you connect with four, 5 million people, you give a message Eight. But Who's counting 8 million? Maybe it's 12. And they're underreporting. They don't have to pay you for those ads. That's right. The way they should. That's probably the case. But think about it. You are relating in a way that people can connect and your messaging connects.


And the thing that bothers me now is people are just going in their own lanes and not opening up. And especially social media is creating that where You know people just talk to one another in a way. You know how did I build my businesses? I would relate to someone who was much different than I, And I had to listen to what that person was saying and maybe change my way or go to the where that person is thinking. And then it's the only way you can do big things. But today people aren't doing that.


They're just going in their own lanes and staying with the similar people. We gotta change that. I agree. I We got more with Robert Kraft when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Robert Kraft Charlamagne. What Do you think the difference is? What's the difference between timeout against hate and your non-profit, the foundation to combat anti-Semitism? Well, You know I started this foundation of command antisemitism back in 2019 'cause I saw what was going on in Charlotte Hill and 17 guys scaring signs saying Jews or blacks won't replace us.


And then in 19, the T Tree of Life in a synagogue You know you have someone come and shoot and kill people is so with all our faults. And we still gotta correct a lot of things. And I think the most injustices have been done to people of color. You know you mentioned Meek. Can I just say this? 'cause of course I had developed a, no one believes Meek And I are really friends. I had developed a relationship with him through a mutual friend Michael Rubin. And he started calling me and asking me questions about how he could grow and prosper. And then he got thrown in jail for doing a wheelie.


He invited me to visit him in jail. Now I'd never been to a jail. Mm. And going and visiting him in jail changed my life. I couldn't believe in the United States of America. We would take a guy, look, he could be out earning millions of dollars, hiring employees, paying people's salaries that could help their family. Paying taxes, paying taxes in our system. You know, because of bigotry is putting a guy in jail. It was great. And when I met him, it really changed my life. He was nice and he, he told me they fixed up the jail when I came.


They paid it. They knew I was coming, which is crazy to me. And he was nice. I said, how come you don't have an edge? I'd be ticked. I You know. And He's used to it. He's not allowed to Have it. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. He said, I expected it. And then You know I got into it. My, with my buddy And I came out. By the way, And I spoke to the media after listening. He got outta jail two, three days later. And he told me I made a difference. Not, it just told me how screwed up our system was. And we gotta change this whole bail situation. And because of that, a few of us got together, You know Michael and Jay-Z and Meek and myself.


And we started this Reform alliance to try. We, we, we have to correct that system. It's a great injustice in America. I I I agree. I wanna go back to something you said though. 'cause you have donated money to Democratic politicians. You donated the, the most money to President Obama's campaign outta all the NFL owners. But you talked about what happened in Charlottesville. You're also good friends with Donald Trump. And in 2017 you said Trump will be great for the economy. So how do you feel about him in 2024? Because he's fueled a lot of the, the, the, the dangerous things that have happened that you're talking about. Yeah. Well, let me just say I'm a democrat. I've been, I was head of the Democratic City Committee in Brookline and Newton And I ran Teddy Kennedy's reelection campaign with a young man called Tommy O'Neill in Boston who was Tip O'Neill's son.


And I've always been democratic. Donald Trump became a social friend in the early nineties when I was going down to Florida. And then when my wife, a blessed memory died 13 years ago, he was one of four or five people who reached out to me and was really, really nice. I've ne the only donation I ever gave to him was he called me when he got elected. And I made a strong donation to his inauguration. I couldn't believe it. It was like having someone who's a drunk fraternity brother become president states. I mean, I couldn't believe that You know he was and You know And I.


Yeah. I think he did things. I mean, I'll say this since I was very upset. What happened January 6th Resurrection the Clinton. Yeah, I, Pardon? I think he led an insurrection to this country. Yeah. And. I haven't talked to him since then. Lemme Ask, if you're against bigotry and you're against hate, why would you choose not to be involved in the election at in this, in this year with somebody like Trump have an opportunity to be back in the White House. He said you didn't like what he did on January 6th. Let an insurrection in this country. So why wouldn't you wanna be involved? Once we take a side politically, then we alienate people. And, I don't want to. I want everyone what we're preaching in our foundation and you look, we are able to get the seven Sports Leagues and nascar, which is MidAmerica and a different, I don't know how many NASCAR fans are listening to your show, but we were able to bring them all together and they're all together preaching against hate and trying to keep civility and still the greatest with all our faults in this country.


We're the greatest country or opportunity. Look, look what you folks are doing with this show, but we gotta work at It now. I wanted to know. So by you saying you're not getting involved in the election, that doesn't, are you going to vote Though? Absolutely. Okay. But you just don't want to come out and say who you're voting for. Well, yeah, because when you do that, let me just say this, people from both sides, both parties right at the top have reached out to us and want us to be involved. And, I don't, I think we bring more value to this country and to people who are needy by being in the position we're in.


And when you get involved in politics, it's sad to me, how do I benefit by demeaning anyone, any group that's given the, even if they think differently than I, I want them to have their chance. But do it straight and be respectful of all. Do you think that's the reason why your soul, your franchise is so successful? That's 'cause y'all cheat, You know and which, which I don't have a problem with. I wish my cowboys would cheat. Okay. But see what you're saying. That's what I call envy and jealousy. And look at, you haven't won in a long time. Look at you folks. You're doing this show.


You don't think there are people that hate you, that you're so successful. Absolutely. Of course. Absolutely. And want to try to throw digs and throw Of course. So, jealousy, envy. I wanna, I have a saying actually. Uhoh. Oh, please. Thank you. Yeah. Oh, they, no, he not, he doesn't get, I Thought the money was for us too. I was like, oh, I meant jealousy, envy. Okay. This is an rk. K is Okay. Read that. Jealousy and envy are incurable diseases. And it's the one time it is better to be a recipient than a donor. There you go. You carry that around all the time. Yeah. I give 'em out that, oh, because There, there's about three other things in your pockets you could've gave me other I know.


I'm a, I'm a slob. I don't tell anyone. All right, well, don't go anywhere. We're still kicking him with Robert Kraft. Of course. He's the owner of the New England Patriots. So keep a lock this to Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Need to shake up your routine. Go seafood has you covered with the most satisfying crunch. The side of the freezer aisle snack on the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or turn to their beer battered filets and classic fish sticks for an easy protein ad to your favorite weeknight dinner. When it comes to easy restaurant quality flavor in your own home. Nothing beats a fresh tasting seafood Gordon's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gordon's dot com to learn more


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlamagne to God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris. And you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tuesday At 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio apps, hip Hop Beat Station.


Morning, Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren. The is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Robert Kraft, the owner of the New England Patriots. Charlamagne You Know I do an ask though. Like there's always this debate between Belichick and Brady and who's responsible for the Patriot success. Did, did Tom need Bill or did Bill need Tom You know, it's like, well, I don't know. Alright. You're not married. No. Hell no. So a lot of guys, a lot of guys are having their eye in that direction. I see. Are you two married, sir? 23 years? Yep. How Many? 26 years. Well, married for 10, but we've been with my wife for 26 years. Okay. Married 23 Years. So think about your marriage. And by the way, that decision If, you get the right person.


You're gonna go through tough times. Absolutely. But you stay together, especially If. you have kids and the dividends you'll get later. But who's more responsible for keeping it together? How do you answer that? And that's my Wife's easy. My wife. Okay. That's smart. Well, wait, so you and Belichick, like where, what's the relationship now? 'cause You know, it's, it's been on and off. Rumors that y'all don't really deal. Y'all don't really like each other like that. That's The look. I mean, I kept him for 24 years. I don't, yeah, I didn't enjoy having to fire him, but I tried to do it. If. you look at the press conference and how it happened, try to do it in a classy way.


And what he did for us was great. You know people need to adapt and if they don't or look at you folks together, things can change in life. It's about getting good chemistry and trust and feel that You know our record the last three to four years wasn't what I wanted. And I had given him so much power. He had full control over everything. And shame on me. I should have had some checks and balances better. But he had earned that. Right? But then the results weren't there.


And if you're in a sports business, You know you win or you lose. There's no gray. Right. And, I hate losing. Now Brady, were, were the Patriots ever seriously thinking about signing Colin Kaepernick? Yes. Really? Okay. Yes. Why didn't you? Well, first of all, those are decisions. I, I've never, like, we just changed. We have a new quarterback starting this week. I let my football people make decisions. I'm happy to discuss things. I think it would've been a great thing for us to have hired them because it would've been a statement to the country.


And You know, you're the best team, the best coach, everything. The NFL is not a straight line. Business personnel decisions are a function of You know many things going on. When you bring in a quarterback, how does it affect the second and third quarterback? How does it affect the team? We're trying to do things that always build team first at an in America, what's happening now. And the NFL is the perfect example. If, you don't have everybody on the same page. You're not gonna win. You can have the greatest quarterback, but it's not like other sports you where you can have one or two great people and it can impact You know, a great pitcher, a great center, You know, and football special teams can lose you again if they let a runback go or offense.


By fumbling, you can have the greatest defense and your offense gives. So you need a, it's, it's what has to go on in America. You need everybody pulling together and it's hard. So was it Rock Nation that was pushing for you to sign Cap? Or why didn't you do, was he blackballed? Like what was the reason that it just didn't happen? You just Well, there were a lot of variables. It just that, I mean, I didn't make that final decision. There was serious considerations in the end, the bottom line is, every decision we're making with the NFL team on the game field is gonna help us win or lose.


The one thing we've said, they can draft whomever they want. They can do it. Except we never wanna be bring a person into our system who has done the wrong thing by women You know we're that's not allowed. They're not And I think in our third year of ownership, they, we drafted someone who had abused women in his fraternity. It was covered up to me. It was a guy who should have gone in the first or second round. We got him in the fifth or sixth round.


And when I found out after the draft, we cut him. So Ja Jabre peppers right now is all over the news for domestic violence charges against his significant other. And in the beginning of it, Jart May has said that you guys didn't know enough to not allow him into the facility. And then that changed. Now he's on the commissioner's exempt list. So do you guys conduct your own investigations? What was found, like, what was the change there? Because I know Yes, We, we are doing, that's a very good question. And You know we're living in a world now with so much on social media and so much that's reported is unfair in these kind of situations.


And You know when you read the thing initially, it turns your stomach. But we've learned And, I don't know the facts in this case. And Gerard called me, we spoke about it once. He goes on the Commissioner Exemp list, they do their independent checking, we're doing ours. And if was reported as true, he's gone. Mm. There have been some suggestions that this was a setup and a lot have been, what's reported is not accurate. And. I just how Do you, how do you, so not to cut you off, If I can just finish that.


I've seen in life that if someone will take any one of the three of you, you have profiles. If someone could set up something and say something, that's just not true. That's a fact. Yeah. And there's nothing. So one of the thing, And, I've personally had that happen with me. So You know I have a saying that I used all my key people in important decisions in life. You measure nine times and you cut once. And I think in this case, if what's been reported is true, he's gone. But we want get the facts.


I I got one last question for you. Why do you think you're not in the NFL Hall of Fame? Because I don't know why you're not. It makes no sense To me. Read that card. Jealousy. Jealousy interview. Wow. I don't really, to be honest, I don't care. 'cause on merit, You know. I think most people who are objective, I know this is people, it doesn't mean anything to me. What I'm doing more in my foundation to combat that has a greater impact. Whether it just, I think the hall and it's happened with other people. So it demeans the value of it's, it should be That's true. An ob objectivity, the key thing is to dream your dream, hang with good people, of good character and build bridges.


And that's what my wife is about. Ladies and gentlemen, Robert Kraft, we appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely. Thank you. I'm honored to be here. And I, congratulate you all for building the equity brand that you've done here. Well it's Rob. Thank you. That's right. It's Robert Kraft. Thank you. This is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club on the roast of filling in for Jess. Nick Cannon is here as well. He guest Co-host this morning. It's crazy. Robert Kraft pull all that money outta his pocket and they didn't leave nothing on the table with a damn card. Yeah. Pull all that money outta his pocket and left us a card. You Are bird. It was all a hundred dollars bills too. That's What I'm What used card too?


A used Car. Know a new, I had a bunch of new hundreds in a used car. Jesus Christ. All right. Don't forget Nick Can is gonna be at the Barclays tonight. So If, you are in New York City or If, you can make it to New York while in out live at the Barclays tonight. Get you tickets. And let's get to just with the mess with Lauren Osa for You. Music is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't spell nobody Bro. Why? Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Kayla Nicole is again addressing the Travis Kelsey breakup issues.


Look at You. You can't keep Travis Kelsey name out your mouth, can you? Lawrence? This is crazy. Anyway, so she is again addressing it because you guys remember they were dating from 2017 to 2022. I did hating. I didn't Remember I was, I hating. I was happy for my girl. Okay. She definitely had a picture. Why did we know her? And, and Wait, why are we doing celebrity news, you mean? No, no, No. I'm just saying why do we know where do we, where did we meet her as a coach? As the culture As a good question. I feel like where her dating Travis Kel. Right. Because That was So for me. I knew her before that. 'cause she also is a broadcaster and like a journalist. She's in sports though. Yeah. But I think a lot of people met her as Travis CO's girlfriend. Okay. That's what, just what I wanted to That was point Was shady.


Right? No, that's not shady. I was dead being Asking. I was saying why do, why do we know? Is it she's a girlfriend or was she, like you said you just gave her her props because she's a journalist. That's why I'm trying To, okay. All right. I'm just making, I just So messy. And this is when Travis was black fishing, right? High. She was so messy. So yeah, this is when Travis was had the, and the and the beard. Okay. That's when he was cute. So damn. So, okay, so she sat down with Angel Reese, shout out to Angel Reese in her podcast. And they talked a lot about a bunch of different things. So originally when Travis Kelsey and Kayla Nicole broke up, the rumors were that she broke up with him because he was making her go 50 50 on things. Let's take a listen. Oh, there was a rumor that they were saying that you stopped messing with him at one point because of 50 50.


Oh, the splitting the bills. The splitting 50 50. Yeah, the 50 50. Remember what was the t or not. Yeah. Do I look like anybody that was split anything? So You guys broke up at that point because wow. No, this is the question. Do I look like I would go 50 50 on bills? What's Wrong with that? Okay. So yeah, that was ridiculous. But he addressed that too though. So parents, I don't even know how people, why that even became a thing. Yeah. That was never an issue in our, in our relationship. But it was definitely a, a rumor on the internet. What you mean, what's wrong with that? So your parents decides if If, you go 50 or 50. And I the way baby I know Now Living off the appearance. Okay. She was just with Angel Reese after. Yep. That's while they were there. If I was there, ive said, no you don't. She's beautiful. You look broke.


That's, she's a beautiful, I would just been messing with her, but she's so that's like angel's home girl. I, or I think I thought, yeah, so She's Angel's home girl because of the, the sports connection. Oh. So then Angel Reese has the podcast called Unapologetically Angel and she brought Kayla Nicole on it to have a conversation about what she's doing now. Life in general. But, but they did get into Travis. Now you had it, your response to the Do I look like I go 50 50? It's women who, I mean, so that's how she feels. I would've told her she looked broke. Don, look, you don't look like you go 50 50 just to be an a-hole. I would've said that. Okay. Just to bring her down to earth a little bit. So that's how Jill, the better you Look, the, the more you, you feel like you should have to put in a Relationship. That's not how I feel. But I do know women that feel that way. Like if they pull up a certain way, they shouldn't have to be responsible for anything.


And they live their life like that. And I know women who live a a great life that way. I mean, they put up with a lot more in my opinion than I probably would be able to. But I got a rule to each His own. I don't pay for nothing for anybody who got more money than me or look like they got more money than me. So If, you pulling up looking like you got that bag, you don't need my help. You need me to go 54. It is not normally people with the bag though enjoy paying for stuff. And that's, We were just having that conversation in the room. Right. So I know. Yeah, You enjoy paying. So why you ain't buy breakfast this morning, Nick? I ain't first. I ain't eat b Ain't nobody offering breakfast anyway. I got your tea. Reakfast. Nobody offered you breakfast? Nah, I thought Charlemagne did. I did. I said do you want something from Starbucks, don't I? The Starbucks run, that's not breakfast.


You throwing trees on the low up here first me feed you now Kayla, Nicole, who is she? I didn't Say you said that. You how you, I was asking let's set the playing field to where, who we talking about? That's all I was saying. Saying Gotcha. Also don't act entitled like You. know what I'm saying? We act like entitlement in no other place's. So why do we, that's people that act entitled like that don't be, you not entitled to anything. But if she feels like she is and a man is willing to do that for her, what's the issue? That's her, that's her situation. Salute to her though. But Right. Okay. And she's, She's better than that child that Lauren, I don't got, I'm, I'm not a do I look like I go 50 50, but however I We see you fighting with that eyelash. Every now You know you can't go 50 50. Not yet. But you on your way Lauren. I believe in you. I believe in you first Of all.


First of all, uncle Grumpy. I'm a hundred percent holding down everything over here. That's right. And In in, in previous relationships, even when I pulled up as big dog, I'm always down to support. That's right. I I don't even wanna date nobody that I have to have that conversation with. If. you need me? I got you. And if I need you, that's how you got me. We should to go but mind your business about my eyelash, my finances and my men. 'cause you over here messing up a lot of stuff for me recently. Ooh. Okay. Ooh. Okay. You Put with the claw too. She hit you with the claw. I was gonna cut my nails this week, but I need it for You. You told me to stop bringing up her hoes. Okay. I'm messing up her ho. Anyway, how Many hoes you got? Anyway, This is that. This is, this is what we Doing right now on my nerves. Church family. How many holes You got?


Anyway, then she also started talking about why did I just get high? You You tired of them calls. So, so I'm just one of your host. Tell Whoa. There you go. This is really not gonna help guys thing. I'm trying to live a prosperous life. And y'all just, she also addressed the Taylor the Swift stuff because, and this is the second time she's addressed this. She also talked about this on the pivot too. But she got a lot of dragging publicly when it was announced that he was now dating Taylor Swift because people were comparing her and saying he leveled up like they were talking about status money, whatever. But she You know. She's saying like that level of fame, it got crazy. So let's take a listen. I Would be lying if I said that. That level of hate does it impact me?


It does. Yeah. Even to this day. Yeah. You could go to my most recent post and it will be people debating each other. Why I am worthless and I'll never be a talented person. And. I have no career. Yeah. And. I'm like mom, And I. Just, I think that there's something about that level of fame that attracts crazy people. Yeah. And it's unfortunate because I've never done anything to warrant that kind of backlash. But would you ever get in a public relationship again though? I don't see myself doing that anytime soon. No. Yeah. If, you guys would see each other like, are you guys cool or no? I mean I would probably like hit 'em with a head nod. That's about it. Okay. Damn. She gotta hit him with a head nod though. If they hug or talk too long, it is a whole media blitz about how they're rekindling a mixed a Ms. Taylor Swift.


You Think You know how to head nod back. You don't be around the black people no more. You think You know how to return the head nod? No, It'd go down This wouldn go down. I like her though. She got like a cool disposition. She like hand. She's handling all of this very well. She don't have a choice. It's either like, because she's also building a career at the same time as aur as a sports analyst. So it's like either you go hide or you pop out and you continue to do shows and they critique everything she does. Like she reported on Travis Kelsey a couple days ago and they were like, it was shady. She was weird about how she did it. If you listen to the audio, she just got through the report. Yeah. It was very not, but she doesn't have a choice. I mean, And I think she's using it to her ability and more power To her.


What you think Nicky got that? Look your eye baby mama. Number 16 on the way I did. She was with Angel at the Wild and Out Show you gonna have you want more? He didn't say no, he did not say no wait, she's not there. More. More what kids, because you didn't say no more kids. I de I've been said that whatever God has planned for me is Kayla. Don't walk that walk. Kayla, you better If. you see her at another waffle note. We already know the walk has been walking. Thank. All right. Well that was just with the mess with Lauren Osa. Charlamagne. Yes. Who you giving that down Kato Four. After the hour, we need the former president of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump, to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him. Detroit. What up though? All right, we'll get into that. Next.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never Be the same bet Joe is. Back to host the BET Hip Hop Awards 2024 from Dres Las Vegas with gunna E 40, Trina Central C and Travis Scott taking the stage Premiers Tuesday, October 15th at eight seven Central on BET. Search and post with hashtag hip hop awards. Bill j Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners when somebody disrespects our flag to say, get that son of a bitch off the field right Now out. He's fired. He's fired.


Please Step up to the congregation. Yes, you are a dead love doubt Trump. When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crimes. They're rapists. These are Jackass. Yes, Don. Here today for Friday, October 11th goes to the former president of the United States of America. Donald J. Trump. Oh, the mayonnaise is heavy with this one. Now we are 25 days away from the presidential election. And If, you notice the candidates Donald John Trump and Kamala de Harris are spending a lot of time in the battleground states. Seven states usually decide the election. Those states are Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Nevada, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin.


So over the next 25 days, you'll see the candidates in those states a lot, especially Michigan and Pennsylvania. Which is why I still don't understand why Tim Walls was picked over Josh Shapiro. But who cares in life? He must play with the cards you've been dealt. Now Donald Trump was campaigning in Michigan yesterday and he was speaking to the Detroit Economic Club at the Motor City Casino. And he was doing what someone would called rambling. But as he said on my guy Andrew Schultz's flagrant two podcast, he was expressing his genius ability to weave. Can we hear him talk about his genius ability to weave first? Right? You know I do a thing called the Weave and there are those that are fair that say this guy is so genius. And then others would say, oh, he rambled. I don't ramble if I saw a story.


What you do is you weave things and you do it. You have to have certain things you need. You need an extraordinary memory. 'cause you have to come back to where you started. Yes, you always, a weave is only good If. you come back, we'll give credit for that. It's true. Then You could go all the way over here and then get back. I can go so far here or there. And. I can come back to exactly where I started. Now someday when you don't come back to where you started Biden, you say You know, but the weave is the way. Now I played that because I want you to know the media calls what Trump does rambling. But as you can hear him explain, he's fully aware of what he's doing and what he's saying. So when we hear him say certain things, let's not believe he's just talking.


Let's not believe he's just rambling. He means every word. So in Detroit, Trump was speaking at length about the threat. He believe Vice President Kamala Harris pulls this to the US if she wins and he decided for whatever reason to just take his alleged pamper off and defecate all over Detroit. Let's go to CBS Detroit for the report, please. Well, it's not every day that a presidential candidate comes to a city to dis the same city that he's standing in. That's exactly what the former president did this afternoon. Now it's anyone's guess exactly how this will fare for him come November. But Detroiters have opinions. The whole country's gonna be like, you wanna know the truth. It'll be like Detroit. Our whole country will end up being like Detroit if she's your president. Disparaging remarks given by President Donald Trump on Wednesday at a campaign stop and the city has Detroiters up in arms.


Detroit mayor Mike Duggan tweeting Lots of cities should be like Detroit. And we did it all without Trump's help. Michigan Governor, Gretchen Whitmer also chimed in saying, keep Detroit out of your mouth and you better believe Detroiters won't forget this in November. Detroit, what up though? If America turns into Detroit? That would be great. I mean, that mean we'd have so resilience. That's what the R on this hoodie I'm wearing stands for resilience. Everybody who listens to us on WJLB in the beautiful motor city, what's happening? Dropping the cruise bombs for them. Okay, Michigan is a crucial battleground state. So yeah, Trump decides to come to Michigan and and insult the largest city by both population and size in Michigan.


And by the way, Detroit is considered to be on the upswing. You saw what the, the, the, the mayor tweeted out. They just read that on the news report. You heard what big GRE said. Big GRE said Detroit is the epitome of grit defined by winners, willing to get their hands dirty, to build up their city and create their community. Something Donald Trump could never understand. So keep Detroit out your mouth and you better believe Detroiters won't forget this in November. That's right. You gotta come to the defense of your city. I don't understand why Trump would come to Michigan and insult the biggest city in Michigan, but I'm gonna tell you right now when I say I don't understand like Trump, I'm basically a truthful person. Actually I'm lying because I know exactly why he has no problem insulting Detroit because Donald Trump knows that a lot of his supporters simply don't care about black people.


Let's be clear about it. Vice president Kamala Harris is a woman of color, black and Indian. When Trump says the whole country is gonna be like Detroit if she becomes president, he's telling folks that they need to fear America becoming too black. Not only will you have a black woman president, but Detroit used to be the blackest city in America. I believe it still is. If not, it's still very, very, very, very black. I did some research and by research I mean I asked chat GPT and it said 78% of its population identifies as black. 78%. Okay? So Trump was telling all those folks there, if vice President Kamala Harris becomes President America will be very black. We gotta stop calling these things racist dog whistles. Okay? These are white supremacist bullhorns at this point.


If, you don't see the play by now, then you don't want to see it. Okay? Nobody plays in the white racial grievances like Donald Trump saying America is going to be like Detroit if Kamala Harris wins is just coded language that attracts racists. So please let Kathy Griffin give Donald Trump the biggest. He haw. Please give this Giant jar of mayo the biggest. He haw Salutes everybody in Detroit. What up do? Yeah. Yeah. Actually gonna be there tonight in Detroit. I'm gonna be there Tuesday. I wanna talk to Detroit for a second. I'm gonna be in Detroit on Tuesday and I would like for You know some people from Detroit to join me as I sit down and have a conversation with our vice president Kamala Harris.


Okay. Yes. I'm gonna have a conversation with the vice president live on iHeartRadio You. know our listeners are very passionate. Remember the, the brother tone that called up the other day? Yep. And he had a lot of grievances, a lot of things he wanted to get off his chest. I want local voices from Detroit and voices from all the battleground states to get the opportunity to ask vice President Kamala Harris Some questions. I know we got some pressing issues to talk about. The future of the nation is decided by who we elect. So I want to tell Detroit and the whole country don't miss an event. We are calling, we the people, a conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris and myself, Charlemagne to God this Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific, right here. And what I mean right here, whatever station you are listening to me on in your market, you will hear the conversation Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific time.


Now, If, you listen to us on the iHeartRadio app, there is a feature called Talk Back. Use the talk back, Mike and send me your questions right now. Like right now, go to the talk back feature on the iHeartRadio app and send your questions for we the people, a conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris and myself, Charlemagne tha God happening Tuesday at 5:00 PM on iHeartRadio. That's right. Yes indeed. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Absolutely. Now, when we come back, SMA minium will be joining us. He has a new book, the Stories of From My Grandmother's Hands. It's a Children's book. Well, it is. It's it's a book that's been out for a couple years. Fantastic book. One of my favorite books ever. I recommend it to everybody, but he just turned it into a children's book.


That's right. And he'll be at my fourth annual mental wealth expo tomorrow at from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM That's right. At marque in Times Square And If. you are in New York City. Nick Can is gonna be at the Barclays tonight we going up. That's right. So make sure you get your tickets wilding out. We'll be hitting the Barclays. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. She moved. Yeah. You watched how she got down, what she recoiled from what she leaned into. Right. In her sense. That's right. That's Exactly right. Like I, I'm just saying this is, it's so crazy. I'm connecting to this book like this, but except my grandma was a it is a big part of my life. That's Exactly right. That's exactly right. And so all we did with the book was bring that all that stuff together and have our people begin to work with these pieces that are already percolate.


Like I know you got daughters, right? Oh, so, so, so beginning to work with your own pieces and You know, you talk about your healing journey a lot, right? Working with those pieces actually gives room for your children. When you have more room in your nervous system, when you've worked with some pieces, your children pick up on the room that's available to them. It, it becomes more resourcing. So when me and Brother t Michael did was to try and put a book in very small little lines to try and put a book together that would allow our people to begin to explore these pieces as opposed to, to getting rid of, especially during this time of, of what's happening in Palestine during this time of what our people have gone through and the connection and, and how empire just destroys people's bodies.


I think this book is really important right now, How difficult was it to And I, don't I don't take this the wrong way, but almost to dumb it down so that a three yearold can understand it You know what I mean? Yeah. You know. I think you say that because I I'm, what our interest was, was to apply concepts that are tangible and accessory because we all as and as you pointed out, I could smell, I could feel I could touch. Yeah. And so each of the pages are couplets. There are two pages per grandmother. So they're a different name for a grandmother for every two pages, which speaks to the different variety of black and brown women who are grandmothers. And so through each of those, we experience an opportunity for the reader and for the child to say, all right, my grandmother and hand, there's no accident.


Because that's right. The hand is such a healing thing. It's the salve, it's the soother, it's the pattern, it's the giver You know. So the idea of, of a hand being symbolic and the grandmother being let, who's always offered us that sense of soul healing and that art, music, poetry, literature opens and heals the wound at the same time. So this opens a space. We go, oh, right. And then it, it cleaves You know, the, the word cleave is fascinating because in this book we cleave the word cleave means closed, but it also means to open. Yeah. Right. So it's one word that has opposite means, but still the same word. The book all ask the reader to cleave to that which is is is really integral to growing and to healing.


Yeah. And to release. Yeah. One thing I would say is You know, growing up as a kid, You know all we had was books. Right, right, right. So You know we had one TV and that, which is usually in the living room. And you watched it as a family, Two TVs. One, one with the sound on the top and the one with the Right. Right, right. So You know, then, then TVs became more affordable. And then TV started watching your kids and putting your kids to sleep. That's right. And then they start iPads and cell phones, which is now putting your kids to sleep for a lot of parents. How do we get people getting to get back to reading to their kids and make sure their kids have the knowledge that are in these books. When they watching you read You know. Exactly. Right. You're reading to them before they go To bed. That's exactly right. Exactly right. Go ahead. You know. I was gonna say, I think And I, I hear your question. Say, how do we get, how do we relearn as adults, as the parent, as the Guardian?


'cause parents make excuses. They tired. They they work all day. Not tired. Tired. I'm cooking, I'm cleaning. And they, they, they leave less time for the kids' education. They'll take 'em to sports all day long and support 'em in their games and baseball, softball, basketball. But when it comes to this, this is almost, I don't wanna say a lost art, but it's, it's a lost Art. Not a miles. But, but You know the thing is what what's happening, right? We, us being here in this conversation, it has to be modeled by people who are opinion leaders, who are in those people look to, if we see, when, when Lamar Burton had reading Rainbow, come Reading was really an amazing thing for you because he stepped out of this roots construct into speaking to the roots of people by pages.


And so we have to just have spaces where we have conversations like these to talk about. Reading is cool. It's Cool. I, we got more with Smore Mini when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we're still kicking in with SMA minium his new book. The Stories from my grandmother's Hands. The children's book is out right now. Charlemagne, The other thing that I was gonna say is what gravitate, what makes kids gravitate towards books, especially my daughters is the artwork. Yes. Artwork. Great. We didn't have this growing up. Yeah. You didn't see You know black bodies, black people, black faces on books like that. As soon as I bring this home, they gonna be all over. You have some real photos in Here too. That's right. She's my grandmother right there.


Yeah. This is your grandmother. Okay. So here, so what y'all need to know is that the artist, so there's three of us that put the book together. The artist that did that is a, is a, so these aren't illustrations, these are actually paintings. Paintings and mixed mark, mixed media. Mixed media paintings. So this is Leroy Campbell. So in our community, we know who Leroy Campbell is, like Leroy Campbell and Charles Bibb. So these, this, he, when we put the, when when we wrote it, we sent it to him and he just started putting the pieces together. Wow. For each one, We shared some ideas about what we thought the pictures needed to have in That's Right. Right. The music goes with each line in the book.


Mm. Right. The, the, that's why we wanted people to be able to download it and have it readily available to them. That's why that's why it's wrapped in, in plastic Right. Is because we don't want people to open up the book and then take a picture of the code in order to download the thing. Gotcha. So that, that, yeah. So, so, so Leroy did all of the art pieces to that and, and, and he didn't do it on computer. He did it straight. Wow. He did, it took him two years to get all of that together. That's why they feel so rich. That's why they, that's why the sense of it is the way that it is. So, so this, this, this, this book for me is probably to date one of the most important books I've ever done.


And I read. Is it true y'all gave away 6,000 Copies, gave away 6,000. We gave away 6,000 free copies to people in our community. All you had to do is sign up for it. And, and we gave them, 'cause we wanted our people to have it first. Right. Because a lot of times what ends up happening is that when we make stuff available, the white folks have access to technology. The white folks have access to You know people with means have access to it. So we wanted to make sure all you gotta do is sign up. We covered all of the postages, we covered everything. And we gave her away 6,000 Copies. And You know, I'm gonna go back to family stuff. My granny again, we say telegraph telephone, tele negro Telegraph Telephone, tele the Negro.


Once you tell that negro boy around the black folk knew had something they was gonna wanna Adds and They came. That's right. They came flock and, and droves. And I'd love to, would it be possible we read a couple couples? Yeah. I just read the whole book. Come, I can't wait to call my grandma. Like, it just feels like, I mean, I was raised by my mom and my grandmom, so it feels so home. Like I I read the whole book. But you, you Go ahead. Yeah. I'd love to do that. Read something on here. Let So yeah. Thank you And I. Love that. It's one-liners too, because it's gonna cause conversation. Exactly. And we want to pause at each point another, the first, the pictures cannot be seen. They good pictures, the first couplet, and as I said, they're couplets two pages per grandmother.


My grandmother's hands are big like sunrise with fingers thick and coarse, like the corn rolls braided into her silver gray hair. My grandmother's hands picked cotton conversation started right there. Right there. That's it. They picked cotton. What my, she did, did. And these hands are, all the hands are exaggerated so that people can see the depth of what the story and the hands have done. Then this next couple, I'll just stop here. This next one, we refer to this grandmother's granny. Some of us knew the granny, right? So my granny's hands rest on her belly as she hums and sighs rocks and sways like leaves swirling in the breeze. My grandmother's hands, left hand prints on my heart hand.


Hands on your heart. What you mean, grant? What? Yeah. You know. So like each couplet, like the music And like integrating, diversifying your portfolio. We have the album to ensure that the reader and the parent or the guardian has a chance to recognize there's a synergy. Yeah. There's a, a way of integrating all these elements. And sensory stuff is what black folks came, brown people came to understand. It was about learning auditorially, the, the Oracle tradition, all these things making stuff by hand, watching grandmother cook. And so all these pages speak to artwork that shows a grandmother cooking shows a a, a young child with a wheelchair, You know. So there are all these things that say everybody has access. Everybody can see themselves in the picture.


Yeah, that's Right. One last thing. So we, what we did was, is that each of the terms that we used for grandmother were, were specifically picked. And, and the reason why we picked it, we wove a lot of things into this book in order to have people begin to inquire and ask questions. So, so what we did was we picked names from the five different nations that brutalized us. Okay. So, so there's a name for Portuguese for grandmother. There's a name for English for grandmother. There's like all span for Spanish. All of, so, so the reason why we did that is that we wanted our people to begin to work with those pieces and then begin to inquire over time.


Like why, why does, why is she saying grandmother this, but no on this one. She's saying that. And, and hopefully people will begin to look at how black bodies have been traumatized even before we got here. Right. And so, so a lot of the things, the music are all points of inquiry. And that's, we, we tell the parents, listen, before you ever even read the book to your child, it may be a month or two before you read the book to your child, listen to the music, download it onto your computer, and then just walk around and listen to the music. And then that will begin to stir stuff for you stuff cook stuff that you have intended to.


So that way when you read to your babies, when you read to your babies, you can begin. They will pick up on both the constriction and the resource. I can't wait wait to read this to my daughters tonight, man. Definitely this Book up. Yeah. Man, we appreciate you brothers for joining us all. And, and, and, and You know Rev Manum On the front. There's also on the front, there's also, people can take workshops with me and with me. All you gotta do is scan. There's a lot of scans in the Book. Yeah. And the good brother Rev minium is gonna be at the fourth annual Mental Wealth expo. That's right. Tomorrow, this Saturday. That's right. From 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM That's at the Marriott Marque in Times Square. So you have A book signing And we got a book signing tomorrow at Sister's Uptown Up. Book. Book Friday store. Is it Friday?


So say tonight. No, say so tonight we have a, tonight we have a a, a book signing. We had one up in Kingston yesterday. 200, 300 people showed up. Tonight we're gonna, it ain't quite three to 5,000. 5,000 button. It's okay. It's okay. Thanks. It's all right because I don't people in the room, but they need to be focused on him. Don't wanna let that go. Everybody ain't free at the mental health. But Mond's gonna be at his book, book site signing. That's right. That's I'll be this one. That's Right. All right. Well it's Dr. SMA Minium. See Michael Rambo. We appreciate you brother for joining us this morning. Thank you. And make sure you go get the book please. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Mm. I can't wait to read this tonight. Thank you. Thank you. Take this. Thank you. Yeah. The Breakfast.


Club Need to shake up your routine. Gordon Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying crunch that side of the freezer aisle snack on the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or turn to their beer battered filets and classic fish sticks for an easy protein add to your favorite weeknight dinner when it comes to easy restaurant quality flavor in your own home. Nothing beats a fresh tasting seafood Go's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit go's dot com to learn more


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlamagne to God for we the people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. And you live from Detroit, Michigan exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio apps hip hop beat station.


What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are. The Breakfast. Club Law LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. And it's time for pass the off. Yeah. dj, come spin. Come spin. What up Nyla? Hey. Hey. How are you? Nyla? What's up guys And gal? Yes. Know what you meant though guys was not gender specific. You know Black women don't see each other. I understand. Wow. That that was mad whack. Yeah.


Actually our video of us partying in the studio when you talked me into twerking at work. Yes. Yes. Oh my god, this so well. But a lot of people in the comments were saying how happy they are to see two women in radio not hitting each other, supporting each a throw. I think All you did, all you dressed was the guys and Rated No, no, no. I said, Hey guys, guys is a plural. Kind of like, don't let them this black man. No. Yes, no. Yes. No. When was the last time you been in school? No. You obviously don't know. It's Not my fault. Y'all don't see each other. I'm not. Why are you tripping off me? You wanna talk about somebody not seeing somebody? Charlemagne, do you really wanna do this? Yes I do. Let's talk about it. It's time for Pastor August. It's time for Pastor Ox. I'm not about to sit up here and play with you, man.


All right. So as y'all know, j Cole is back. Okay. He dropped. Yeah. Look At you excited. Look at you. J Cole is back. Back. Doing what? Stop playing back. Don't. What about j Cole? It is crazy That off. I didn't know you. That's what I'm saying. What, what are you back doing? That's cat behavior. 'cause you text me when, when the record drops. Don't act like you wasn't on it. All right. Poor Antonio, you are so sting. That's that's dope. He, He's going in on it. He's very dope You. know what I'm saying? Dope. But like I said yesterday, okay, like you gotta lift Drake head up. Keep Drake's head up You. know what I'm saying? Rub him on the back. Let him know everything's gonna be okay. Why do you feel the need to defend Kendrick? Why Does he feel the need to defend his decision so much?


That's his decision. Made a great decision. He's protecting his piece. I thought it was G who cares what the internet got? This is his therapy. This He's his therapy. This is j Cole is like a diary entry rapper. Like he lets us, he, he's introspective intro gives introspective. He gonna give it to us and come Back and explain himself. I don't like that Ute To j Cole. I feel like you feel the need to defend Kendrick for no reason at all. You ain't got nothing Do with Kendrick. Who's about Kendrick. You keep inserting Kendrick talking About, Lemme show How Kendrick did a number on the game. Lemme tell Kendrick, lemme Tell you how Kendrick ruined heard the Kendrick ruined j Cole and not heard that. He's really the boogie man. I Mean, I'm so sorry. And Kendrick, He's really the boogie man. You shoulda have talked about the skims.


You know what he said. He said him and Drake make one black man. That's a fact. That's a scientific fact mean Because it's half half. Half. What? So why even talk about, I'm just trying to about, but You know How Kendrick is really the boogieman sharp. Nobody said nothing about Kendrick. But here she goes. I you feel the need to defend Kendrick the boogieman, Charlotte only Big K guys. It's not a debate. We gotta, we gotta go Either one of them. Yeah, but we got two other the records To get To a few other lines. I just wanted, I mean, yeah, a few other lines I wanted to mention was they instigate the, because it's profitable. Y'all ain't stopping me in the hook. Which makes me feel like an album is coming. I hope a album is coming. He Never called lyrics like this. You a real j Cole fan. I love it. Go ahead. Uhoh. By the way, these are all revelations that Drake j Cole just came to in the last 3, 6, 5 days because he definitely just put out a disc record in the last year shut.


And he apologized and He's doing work. He's working on himself. Are people Allowed himself? We allowed you to grow. Okay. That's what I not You Know what ain groan ain't so much grow. I'm perfectly fine with Cole making his decision. I said that when it happened, he protected his peace. So stop explaining it my brother. The next record I wanna get into is Jordan Ward and Junie that did a tape together. And I'm actually featured on the tape. Make sure you guys listen to the full thing. You rapping. I'm, I'm doing a little something, but the record's called Homebody that I'm promoting today. That's All. Okay. Okay. Yes. Shout out to Jordan St. Louis. Shout out to Judy from the DMV. I love them. And next I'm gonna go with Lil Dirk's new joint featuring Honcho.


We gotta hear more. You can't cut it off, right? What does he mean? I Sex old feel the same When you in love Is better. Better? Is that what he better? I was super, that's These lyrics because I know d ain't happy about that. But why are They, why are that young man rapping about sex pills and honey packs though? He too young for that. Well they the young and they be doing it. They be testing it out, seeing if it work. Yeah. I think it's more of a heener. Like a exec. Yeah. It's like how people have a heart attack. Sometimes people be popping like people be popping perks to see but that's like too, nah. In my day we had the gins sink stone. Remember the gins sink stone? You get it and you wet it and then you rub it on your pee pee. What is going on the gas station pill Said I wasn't in that day. You know. Say get out beer, get Out.


They say that does it. Henny definitely. Henny is a, Henny is a laxative. And aphrodisia let me too. Definitely. Okay. Oh, I think I get what Dirk meant. What Dirk meant because he said sex don't feel the same when you in love, sex don't feel the same when you leave the club arguing back and forth. You know. I hate that. I hate you got some friends that ain't in relationships, they pretend to be your friend, but they really basic B words. So I think he's saying when feelings get involved and like then you start arguing, beefing about stupid stuff. It can make the other part of it not fun. But I mean the toxic person in me, nevermind. Oh My God. Nah. 'cause I That's totally understandable. But makeup is Makeup. All right. Sex and Love was amazing. Yeah. I thought I said it's the best. That's all we got time for though.


Yep. Yeah. 'cause y'all argued about Drake and Kendrick for two hours. No, first of all, I love how you left out Cold my G See? Alright, Wanna give a down? Can we just give shout? Can we give a shout to Gorilla Just dropped Project. I'm so sorry. Please don't hit me with Illa just dropped her debut album. We didn't get to play it, but it's fire. I really love the lotto record. I really like the sexy red record. What about Kirk Franklin? I really like the Kirk Franklin record. I, that was gonna be my third piece. He's Playing Gorilla so it's fun. Alright, Well what you got going on Game for the Gods? I'm gonna be in DC tonight with Dame Ritter. Game for the Gods. That's what it's called. Oh, okay. Game for the Gods.


Ray Daniels, Dame Ritter, And I. We doing DC Friday, Saturday Atlanta, and then New York on Monday. So pull up on us. If, you are just interested in trying to build network within the music industry. And make sure y'all follow me on the gram at Nyla simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Tune into the podcast. We need to talk W-N-T-T-L-K on all platforms. All right, now when we come back, we got my mix of people's choice mix. So don't move. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club, your morning zone. Never be the same That Joe is. Back to host the BET Hip Hop Awards 2024 from Dres Las Vegas with gunna E 40, Trina Central C and Travis Scott taking the stage.


Premier's Tuesday, October 15th at eight seven Central on BET. Search and post with hashtag hip hop awards. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are. The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess Nick Canon still here. Now. Nick, tell everybody what you're doing tonight in Brooklyn Selling out the Barclay Center You. know what we doing? We got a bunch of special guests gonna be here to wilding out live tour. Shout out to my man Rick Ross. He gonna be rocking with his Rod four nine and You know and New York coming out. So You know we bringing out a whole bunch of people. And what other cities you you hitting Man, we everywhere. Everywhere from we going Maryland. We going New Orleans, we going Miami obviously la We doing that on the 18th.


So that's, that's the next one after. Right? So If you after tonight, If, you haven't got your tickets. Get your tickets there still some, still some few tickets available. And get there early. They start on time. All right. Yeah. Just to let You know they start on time. Facts. Alright, now Shala, man, you could do something this weekend as well. Yes. My fourth annual mental wealth expo is tomorrow from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott Marque in Times Square You know it's a free event open to all ages. Dr. Alfie Breland Noble will be there. Dr. Rita Walker. Dr. J Barnett. Elliot Connie Chaing co. Dr. Shaan Bryant. Yeah. Yeah. You're very familiar. Why Y'all never invite me to this? That's a very good question. We, we got the, the same passion, the same warriors in this mental wellness fight.


You saying this weekend or you flying out? I'm flying out. You flying out. It's funny you say because I, I I, I I found Dr. Shannon Bryant because of you. Yeah, yeah. That's, I got, got introduced to her. So that's who we, we rocked together To make sure you come there this weekend. It's absolutely Positively free. Positively free. 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM Marriott Marquee Times Square. Tyrese will be there in conversation with the good brother Jason Wilson. You know Jason Wilson. Right. And Daba right. Daba will be there. Myself, daba and Ashanti Das will be having a conversation just about, just, just grief You know Daba just launched his mental health initiative in North Carolina, so he's so dope. Yeah. Tomorrow 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM Free event. Open to all ages. So we see tomorrow. All Right, when we come back, we got the positive notice.


The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Laura Lar filling in for just while you laughing. You Just told that man you was going hump On. I'm glad you Yeah, you go. You got that recorded. Because when I go to court, no. After I go to hr, And, I, go to court. And. I. Get this bag. Lauren. Getting subpoena. Subpoena Lauren. Subpoena Lauren, you get a subpoena. Get subpoenas. I said, why subpoena subpoena LA I I Was waiting for him to get it right. You know He in front of South Subpoena la Jesus Christ. I Ain't coming man. That You know. It'd be so funny. It is not funny, but it is funny. Imagine did he talking to his lawyer Who getting subpoenas? Who getting subpoena?


Who gets subpoenas? Who getting subpoenas? Who he sending a subpoena to? Who? Subpoena who who getting Subpoena lawyer Be like, whoa, the phone is text. Relax. I hate this place. Like then he was on a Yap asking his lawyer who getting subpoenas. Oh my goodness. He was like, no, he said subpoenas. Subpoenas. Oh my goodness. You got a positive note, man. Well, yes I do. And I. Just wanna remind everybody tomorrow 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM My fourth annual mental wealth expo is happening at the Marriott Marquee Times Square in New York City, man. So I will see all of y'all there tomorrow. Dr. Alfie Breland Noble, Dr. Shahan Bryan, Dr. Rita Walker. Tyrese is going to be there in conversation with Jason Wilson. The baby's gonna be there in conversation with myself, Ashanti Das.


And it's a free event from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM So we will see y'all tomorrow. Okay, And I. Wanna remind Detroit that Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, I will be in Detroit having a conversation with the vice president Kamala Harris. It's a conversation we're calling, we the people, a conversation with the Vice president and myself. Charlemagne the God. So all you gotta do, if you're in any market, right, any market that has an iHeartRadio station, wherever you listening to my voice right now, you'll be able to hear this conversation at 5:00 PM Tuesday, 2:00 PM Pacific on all iHeartRadio stations live. And I want you to send your questions to our talk back feature. If you're listening to us on the iHeartRadio app, use the talk back mic and send your questions for the vice President Kamala Harris.


And I will make sure I get them to her on Tuesday. Okay, now the positive note is simply this, Robert Kraft left this raggedy ass card in here. Didn't leave no money, but this is a card with a great message. Jealousy and envy are in incurable diseases and it's the one time it is better to be a recipient than a donor. Have a great weekend Breakfast Club, bitches. I'm Finish. Or y'all done


Need to shake up. Mealtime Gorton Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying and convenient crunch. This side of the freezer aisle bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or mix up any main course from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer, battered filets, and classic fish sticks when it comes to easy prep restaurant quality flavor without the hefty price tag, nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I think The choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlamagne tha God for we the people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris, and you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio apps Hip Hop Beat Station.